Last Minute Travel Club | Digital Travel Solutions | Discount Travel
Toggle navigation



SOLUTIONS
White Label
Co-Brand
CUSTOMERS
Employee Benefits
Business Travel
Membership Services
All Customers
RESOURCES
Marketing
Case Studies
Savings Calculator
COMPANY
Contact Us
Press
PARTNERS
Login
Unbeatable Travel Prices For
your clients
small businesses
employees
Last Minute Travel Club offers the lowest travel prices. Period.
Learn More
How Can We Offer Such Low Rates?
Backed by Tourico Holidays and
Hotelbeds Group
, the world’s largest wholesale travel company,
Last Minute Travel Club
offers over $4 billion in annual sales and more than 20 years of experience in the travel industry. Moreover, Last Minute Travel Club has access to wholesale travel pricing not available to other online retailers, passing savings on to you.
Our Unique Value
Last Minute Travel Club delivers the most extensive and thorough travel search to ensure that your business and leisure travel planning is as affordable and as seamless as possible.
One Stop Shop
Hotels, flights, cruises, airport transfers, rental cars & activities: all of your travel needs in one easy to use site.
Complimentary Marketing
Access to a full service marketing team that provides complimentary promotional materials.
Best Capabilities
With less overhead, booking is quick & easy. You even have the option to book online AND through our call center.
24/7 Support
We want to hear from you! Our support center is open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Testimonials
"Our members love travel offers and we are happy to be able to offer them great discounts..."
Learn More About Employee Benefits
Julie Roth
Campaign Manager
"Last Minute Travel consistently outperforms any other platform we’ve seen, and in fact we were so impressed with the savings we now use their site for our employee travel also."
Learn More About Membership
Paul Cornell
CEO
"Saving $1,000 is significant for any small business- and probably a large business too..."
Learn More About Business Travel
Matt Tabor
CEO
OUR SOLUTIONS FOR ALL YOUR NEEDS
Custom Design
Get all the benefits of e-commerce while fully customizing the site’s look and feel to your personal needs, with zero development efforts on your end.*
Easy Integration
Customize the Last Minute Travel interface with minimum integration, allowing your users to enjoy all the benefits our brand has to offer.
Wholesale Rates
Users are able to search for and book hotels, flights, rental cars, activities, cruises and vacation packages AND access wholesale rates that no one else has.
White Label
Your business. Your website. Your name.
Use our platform to promote as your own. This option is for those who prefer pre-built templates with no Last Minute Travel branding. It requires little technical skill and requires no maintenance.
Co-Brand
A Complete Marketing Suite.
This option requires no maintenance, has proved to convert the best, and is the simplest form of rebranding that allows you to maintain your corporate identity while simultaneously benefiting from our credibility and reach.
*Minimum requirements may apply.
Contact us for more information
Partnership Opportunities
White Label Branded Site*
Co-Branded Site
Setup Time
Within 14 Days*
Within 3 Days
Revenue from Booked Travel
Your Logo on the Site
Present With Our Logo
Control of Membership Prices/Rules
Full Control
Full Control
Control of Branding
Limited
Commission Level Flexibility
Control of Site Design
Limited
Minimum Qualifications
May Apply
None
Customized Mobile App
Analytics & Reports
Limited
Your Own URL
Branded Vouchers
*White Label websites are based on predetermined criteria. Detailed information is available upon request.
The Discounts Are Waiting
Start Saving
Last Minute Travel Club
2017 All Rights Reserved.
Solutions
White Label
Co-Brand
Customers
Employee Benefits
Business Travel
Membership
All Customers
Resources
Marketing
Case Studies
Savings Calculator
Company
Home
Press
Contact Us
Follow Us
