
Anna McNuff helps overcome your travel fears – Helping Dreamers Do








Toggle navigation





menu




01273 823 700
Call us today until 7pm




Home

Destinations

Holiday
Types

Last Minute

Travel
Guides

About
us

Contact
us




01273 823 700
Call us today until 7pm























Helping Dreamers Do with Anna McNuff
Anna McNuff is an adventurer who’s cycled the length of the Andes. She visited us in October to show us how to dream big, and to share her unexpected secret for putting travel fears into perspective.



Anna chatting with Krissy. Photo by Vicki Brown
Anna's talk. Photo by Vicki Brown
Anna advocates a willingness to dream big, she makes bold choices, even when the chance of failure is high. She truly believes fear, self doubt and uncertainty are all part and parcel of a life well lived. Why take the most direct route through life when you can grow as a person by experiencing the long way around, up mountains, running barefoot on deserted beaches, through forests, rivers, past glaciers and alpine lakes? We have the freedom and opportunity to do all these things, but often get hung up on worries of what may happen if things go wrong.

When fear and doubt rear their heads, Anna reminded us to keep it all in perspective. Remember how lucky you are to have the opportunity, and get out of your comfort zone. Nobody ever tells a fantastic story where it all went to plan; that’s a terrible story, says Anna. Her mantra is: ‘Go on an adventure. Learn. Grow. Come home. Tell stories and repeat.’



Anna showing us her magic pants. Photo by Vicki Brown
adventure holidays









Why book with Responsible Travel
















ABTA
member
P7085 so
you are fully protected












Claim your
free gift
with every booking












£100 off
for loyal customers







01273 823 700





Call for advice about
your next adventure














View our US site

Disclaimer

Privacy policy





Insurance

Sign up to our ezine





FCO foreign travel advice
















Convert currencies







Recently
Viewed











Holidays that you view will be shown here. If you'd like any help
contact us
.






