
Basecamp Spitsbergen holidays & Basecamp Spitsbergen independent reviews








Toggle navigation





menu




01273 823 700
Call us today until 7pm




Home

Destinations

Holiday
Types

Last Minute

Travel
Guides

About
us

Contact
us




01273 823 700
Call us today until 7pm













Basecamp Spitsbergen









Basecamp Spitsbergen holidays.

Read Basecamp Spitsbergen independent reviews and make booking enquiries on responsible holidays.

3  holidays found












Spitsbergen mushing expedition


Have you dreamed of driving you own dog team in the vast wilderness? During 5 days you will take care of your own team of Alaskan huskies, driving over glaciers, through valleys all the way to the westcoast of Spitsbergen. Travelling by dogsledge give you an extraordinary experience, you can lean back and let the dogs lead the way into the white landscape, enjoying the silence and the wilderness. We will drive approx 200 km by dogsledge during the 5 days, you will be a small group of max 6 participants. The trip combines the wilderness experience with overnight in tent with the luxury checking in at Hotel Isfjord Radio. 
Join the telegraph route!

Note: During longer dogsledding trips, the ...
Read more >

From
NKr26,990
excluding flights












Spitsbergen activity holiday


Join us to the high Arctic on Spitsbergen on a unique adventure to Nordenskiöld glacier! Situated 90 km from Longyearbyen and only accessible by boat in summer, Nordenskiold Lodge offers an experience out of the ordinary and off the beaten path. When arriving to Nordenskiold glacier, you can’t see the Lodge hidden in the morraine; this is an exclusive destination where only 10 guests can stay at a time. Laying right in front of the glacier, you can sit on the porch while enjoying the magnificent view or maybe even see the calving from the glacier. 
During the 5 days you will experience kayaking, walk on the blue ice glacier, explore the area on foot and enjoy the arctic silence around you. ...
Read more >

From
NKr16,900
excluding flights












Svalbard and Northern Lights holiday


Did you know that Spitsbergen is one of the few places on Earth you can see the northern lights during day time? From mid November to mid February you can catch the aurora all day, but already late September we see the green light dancing on the sky in the evenings. 
Green Sky is a program tailored to give you as a guest the best chance to see the northern lights, but also experience the magic of the arctic in a small city close to the North Pole. During the 4 days you will walk with snowshoes and headlamp, try dogsledding and learn more about the local trappers and Svalbard history. You will stay 2 nights at a hotel designed with driftwood, sealskin and artifacts from Svalbard, guaranteed ...
Read more >

From
NKr6,800
excluding flights








1













Why book with Responsible Travel
















ABTA
member
P7085 so
you are fully protected












Claim your
free gift
with every booking












£100 off
for loyal customers







01273 823 700





Call for advice about
your next adventure















View our US site

Disclaimer

Privacy policy





Insurance

Sign up to our ezine





FCO foreign travel advice




















Convert currencies


















Recently
Viewed











Holidays that you view will be shown here. If you'd like any help
contact us
.









