
Folk we love. Helping Dreamers Do








Toggle navigation





menu




01273 823 700
Call us today until 7pm




Home

Destinations

Holiday
Types

Last Minute

Travel
Guides

About
us

Contact
us




01273 823 700
Call us today until 7pm






















Folk we love interviews

We’ve always admired people who live their travel dreams. Putting aside your fears and making dreams a reality takes real self belief.  This exclusive collection includes in-depth, one-off interviews with incredible people who have achieved remarkable things, closer to home and further afield. Be inspired by their extraordinary stories of past adventures; get ideas for your next trip; hear their thoughts on the future of our world; and what responsible tourism really means. Share your stories and your own personal travel heroes using the hashtag #DreamersDo on social media.







Bruce Parry


Adventurer and film maker campaigning for a shared responsibility towards the environment









Anna McNuff


Named one of The Guardians top female adventurers and author of Pants of Perspective









Liz Bonnin


Wildlife presenter and conservationist who recently took us on 'Nature's Greatest Journeys' on the BBC









Levison Wood


British explorer, writer and photographer who explored Nepal in Channel 4s 'Walk the Himalaya'









Ivan and Beth Hodge


Drove around the world in a VW Beetle in 1960, then did it all again 35 years later









Dervla Murphy


Author described as a ‘travel legend’ takes to her typewriter to share her time travel dreams









Leon McCarron


Irish adventurer & filmmaker talks about walking the Gobi Desert and other long distance challenges









Belinda Kirk


A Guinness World Record holding expedition leader









Cory Lee


Is a 26 year old American travel addict who blogs about his travels in a wheelchair









Dylan Walker


Marine scientist, conservationist, and co-founder of WhaleFest and the WCA









Hazen Audel


TV presenter documents adventures working alongside indigenous people









Inge Solheim


Guides high profile individuals to the most extreme places on the planet









Jimmy Goddard


Paralympics hopeful who has not let his disability stop him exploring the world









John Aitchison


Is a wildlife filmmaker who has worked with the BBC, National Geographic, PBS and Discovery Channel









Karen Darke


A British paralympic cyclist, paratriathlete, adventurer and author









Lucy AitkenRead


Is a mother, activist and author of two bestselling books and lives on a farm, in a yurt in New Zealand









Lucy King


Manages the Human-Elephant Co-Existence Program for the NGO Save the Elephants









Saba Douglas-Hamilton


Conservationist, author and TV wildlife presenter









Shivya Nath


Sold her possessions to travel the world at 23 and lives a nomadic life









Stephen Fabes


Spent six years cycling across six continents









Kimi Werner


The first person to freedive the flow-edge of the Arctic Bay









Lola Akerstrom


An award-winning writer and photographer









Martyn Sibley


CEO of Disability Horizons magazine









John Gray


Runs John Gray’s Sea Canoes in Phuket, Thailand









Chris Stewart


Ex-Genesis drummer and author of ‘Driving Over Lemons’ which recounts life on his farm in the Alpujarras









Wycliffe Sande


Wycliffe Sande grew up in a typical African village in Uganda. He set up a travel company, and now is a member of Responsible Travel.









Chaz Powell


Chaz Powell is a non-stop explorer. Having walked the Zambezi in 2016, Africa’s wildest river, he continues on his quest for adventure.









Ami Vitale


Ami Vitale is a photographer for National Geographic magazine, shooting powerful stories about wildlife and environmental issues.





























Why book with Responsible Travel
















ABTA
member
P7085 so
you are fully protected












Claim your
free gift
with every booking












£100 off
for loyal customers







01273 823 700





Call for advice about
your next adventure















View our US site

Disclaimer

Privacy policy





Insurance

Sign up to our ezine





FCO foreign travel advice



















Convert currencies


















Recently
Viewed











Holidays that you view will be shown here. If you'd like any help
contact us
.









