
Drink & Be Merry in California’s Wine Country This Holiday Season - Travelzoo







Drink & Be Merry in California’s Wine Country This Holiday Season – Travelzoo























































































Home

Latest

Most Popular

Editor's Picks

2017 Wow Deal Destinations

Travelzoo App:
iPhone
|
Android

Travelzoo Deals





Experiences






Drink & Be Merry in California’s Wine Country This Holiday Season


3

By
Guest Post



posted on November 10, 2017



It’s a win-win situation. Or wine-wine, as the case may be: You get a scenic search for your favorite new holiday pours, and
Northern California’s wine country
gets much needed support. After the devastating fires that swept through parts of Napa, Sonoma, and Solano Counties, the vast majority of the region is open for business, serving up endlessly fun — and delicious — ways to celebrate the season:

Meet Santa on the Napa Valley Wine Train

Nov. 18 – Dec. 29

The stunning Napa Valley Wine Train, which offers winery tours throughout the year, becomes a family-friendly party on wheels right about now — and Santa’s the headliner. Aboard these antique Pullman rail cars, you’ll find holiday-themed games, singalongs, cookies and — naturally — a few well-chosen varietals (red, white and bubbly) for the grownups. (Note: No trains run Christmas Eve or Day.)

Holidays in Yountville

Nov. 20 – Dec. 31

Foodie heaven on viticultural earth, this Michelin star-spangled town is about to get extra twinkly. Thousands of little lights will soon form a backdrop for the likes of holiday food and wine tours, carriage rides, cocktail-making classes — or just ridiculously good celebratory meals at The French Laundry, Bouchon, Redd and Etoile at Domaine Chandon (the Michelin gang of four).

“Holidays in Healdsburg” Tour in Sonoma County

Nov. 25 – Dec 31

Take a guided walking tour of the beautifully bedecked downtown Healdsburg, where you’ll find carolers, carriages and cocoa aplenty. To say nothing of the neighborhood’s 30+ wineries, tasting rooms and wine bars.



Winter in the Wineries Passport in Calistoga

Dec. 2 – Feb. 4

This annual winter passport is a great way to explore the wines of Calistoga in Napa Valley. The $60 passport entitles you to free tastings at 17 wineries in the region plus discounts at local hot springs and hotels. It also make a great holiday gift.

Napa Valley Wine Trolley “Holiday Light Tours”
Fridays-Sundays,
Dec. 8-23

Before you take this vintage trolley through the twinkle-lit Victorian neighborhoods of downtown Napa, fuel up for the onboard singalong at the departure point: the
Oxbow Public Market
, home to legendary food and wine offerings.

Ring in the New Year at Castello di Amorosa in Napa Valley

Dec. 31

This 13th-century-inspired Tuscan castle winery is open for tours and tastings throughout the holidays (except Dec. 25), but the piece de resistance is the “Great Gatsby”-themed New Year’s Eve bash. Don your roaring-est ‘20s attire for a night of flowing wine, lavish dinner courses, live jazz and a Spumante toast to — holy wine barrels! — 2018.

Danny Jensen is a LA-based freelance writer and photographer covering food, lifestyle and travel.




Tags:
Wine Country
,
California
,
holiday travel
,
Danny Jensen




Show 0 Comments







Join Travelzoo for FREE!

The best travel and local deals delivered to your inbox.



Sign Up



Enter a valid email address


Subscribed successfully.






Most Popular Posts

6 Reasons You Should Be Celebrating in Savannah
How to Be a Baller in Vegas (on a Budget)
Epic Eats in the Caribbean’s Culinary Capital





















Get the Mobile App





Facebook

Twitter

YouTube

Instagram

Pinterest





About Us

Careers

Investor Relations

Help

Privacy

Terms & Conditions

Site Map

News Feed

Press


© 2017 Travelzoo - All rights reserved



U.S. Edition




























