



The modern private clinic of psychiatry Basel-Country

















Home

Drucken

Sitemap





Erwachsene
Zentrale Aufnahme
Krisen
Abhängigkeit
Angst und Depressionen
Burn-out
Essstörungen
Psychosen
Alter
Austritt
Forensik
Kinder- und Jugendliche
Behandlungen
Kurse
Polikliniken
Stationäre Behandlung
Kontakt und Standorte
Team
Angehörige und Besucher
Angehörige
Kontakte und Standorte
Gastronomie
Grünanlagen und Tierpark
Zuweisende
Finanzierung / Versicherung
Anlässe und Weiterbildung
Angewandte Forschung
Kontakt & Standorte
Arbeiten
Offene Stellen
Weiterbildungsstätte
Integrative Arbeitsplätze
Ausbildungsbetrieb
Gesamtarbeitsvertrag
Über uns
Anlässe und Weiterbildung
Organisation
Publikationen
Qualität
Medien
Gastronomie
Kunst in der Psychiatrie
Kontakt und Standorte
Agenda







Erwachsenenpsychiatrie
Privatklinik
Private Clinic - Individual and comprehensive stationary treatment
Range of treatments
>>
Therapies
Registration and admissions
Team
Hotel service
For relatives
For those referring a patient
>>
Contact
Impressions
Kinder- und Jugendpsychiatrie
Notfälle
Psychiatrische Rehabilitation
Wohnen und Arbeiten


Psychiatrie Baselland
Bienentalstrasse 7
4410 Liestal
T 0041 61 553 53 53
F 0041 61 553 64 50
info(at)pbl.ch
Bitte für sensible medizinische Daten oder im Falle eines Notfalls, direkt die gesicherte E-Mail-Adresse
aufnahme(at)pbl.ch
verwenden.


Rechtliche Hinweise
Copyright
Impressum



Private Clinic - Individual and comprehensive stationary treatment



Private Clinic - Individual and comprehensive stationary treatment

For patients with supplementary health insurance or self-payers
A stay at our modern private clinic provides patients who have supplementary health insurance or self-payers with an ideal opportunity to retreat to a well-protected environment. Thus detached from the oftentimes stressful daily life, patients may find the peace of mind essential to discovering ways out of their crisis. The high
quality
of our comprehensive treatment program, the benevolent atmosphere and the amenities of a sophisticated
hotel
are essential features of our open-ward private clinic.
While our private clinic is located in the midst of the lush countryside, it is still near by the picturesque little town of
Liestal
. It reveals a marvellous view over the valley and the neighbouring
wildlife park
.

We focus on a talk-centred therapeutic approach setting great value on a trustworthy therapeutic alliance. We highly emphasize a personal, trustworthy and intense relationship between every single patient and the interdisciplinary
treatment team
. Our
treatment spectrum
encompasses a broad range of psychiatric pathologies.

Our distinction is professional expertise and long-standing experience in the treatment of mental disorders.
Prof. Dr. med Joachim  Küchenhoff
, medical director of the division of adult psychiatry, heads the private clinic as chief physician. He is assisted by a team of specialized and highly qualified personnel.





The services offered are aimed at adult patients of all ages who have private or semi-private supplementary hospital insurance. The clinic is also open, at a surcharge, to patients who have basic health insurance or to
self-pay
patients.

Admission is possible round-the-clock 365 days per year. Please present yourself directly at the central admission of the clinic for psychiatry and psychotherapy Basel-Country, Bienentalstrasse 7, 4410 Liestal,
+41 61 553 56 56.

Elective admissions can also be realized on a daily basis with prior notice by the referring instance.
Would you like to visit our private clinic to review the facilities? Please request an appointment directly with Ms. Jolanda Wenger, Head of Nursing, +41 61 553 54 31.
If desired, the therapy can be carried out in English.

Flyer (in German)
(PDF)












