

Dauphin Island, AL, USA Vacation rentals | HomeAway























United States






Back






United States




Argentina




Australia




Brasil




Canada




Chile




Colombia




Danmark




Deutschland




Ecuador




España




France




India




Indonesia




Italia




Malaysia




México




Nederland




New Zealand




Norge




Perú




Philippines




Polska




Portugal




Singapore




Sri Lanka




Suomi




Sverige




United Kingdom




Uruguay




Việt Nam




Österreich




Ελλάδα




Россия




الإمارات




ประเทศไทย




中国




台灣




日本




香港




대한민국






Scratchpad




Help





Back





Visit Help Center




Travelers


How it Works



Security Center




Homeowners


How it Works



List Your Property



Community



Discovery Hub




Property Managers


List Your Properties





List Your Property



List Your Property














Our
Family of
Brands





HomeAway is the world leader in vacation rentals with over 1 million listings. We offer the largest selection of properties for any travel occasion and every budget. We're committed to helping families and friends find a perfect vacation rental to create unforgettable travel experiences together.

Learn More










Dauphin Island, AL, USA
We found 2,090 vacation rentals — enter your dates for availability
Dauphin Island, AL, USA
Search
Where
Magnifier
circle
x
Check In
Check Out
Guests
You are here:
Home
United States
Alabama
Mobile County
Dauphin Island
Discover your favorite property type
Condos
Take a hip retreat to the heart of it all.
View 1,166 condos
Houses
Enjoy comfort for the whole family.
View 824 houses
Cottages
Unwind in unforgettable charm.
View 73 cottages
Find the best place to stay — Dauphin Island
4 BR
•
3 BA
•
Sleeps 13
$193 avg/night
4 BR
•
3 BA
•
Sleeps 9
$230 avg/night
3 BR
•
3 BA
•
Sleeps 9
$197 avg/night
4 BR
•
3 BA
•
Sleeps 10
$178 avg/night
3 BR
•
2 BA
•
Sleeps 6
$247 avg/night
2 BR
•
2 BA
•
Sleeps 6
$100 avg/night
Search 2,090 vacation rentals
Explore
Find the perfect place from the worlds best selection of vacation rentals on HomeAway.
Book
Safer and more secure when you pay and book online through HomeAway.
Enjoy
Enjoy more space and more privacy of an entire vacation home.
Kick Back in Your Private Dauphin Island Beach House

Dauphin Island is a small barrier island located in the Gulf of Mexico just off of the mainland of Alabama, and it provides you with a superior location for a relaxing getaway. While the area has fewer than 1,300 residents to give it a quiet ambiance, it has numerous gorgeous beach vacation homes that have spacious accommodations, a full kitchen, large decks and great beach views or beach access. Altogether, your vacation house on Dauphin Island is the perfect place for you to relax on your getaway.

Beaches

Visiting the beaches is among the most popular activity to enjoy while visiting Dauphin Island during the summer months as well as on warmer days during the spring and fall. From the comfort of your
Alabama beach house
, you may be able to enjoy beach access just a few steps away. There is also a Dauphin Island Public Beach with a long wooden walkway and various amenities for you to enjoy. Off the beach, there are deep sea fishing excursions and other types of water-based excursions that add to your fun.

Dining

You may want to cook out on the grill on the patio of your
vacation home
from time to time, but you also may want to sample some of the local fare at top notch restaurants. Popular restaurants that are known for quality food and drinks on the island include Pirate's Pleasure, Skinners Restaurant, JT's Sunset Grill, Islanders Restaurant and Barnacle Bill's Marina Grill, to name a few. Be sure to sample at least a few of the local restaurants while you are visiting Dauphin Island to enjoy the relaxing experience of having someone else cook for you while you are vacationing.

Attractions

There is much to see and do while visiting Dauphin Island in addition to spending time at the beach. The Dauphin Island See Lab Estuarium and the Audubon Bird Sanctuary are both wonderful places to relax with nature and to learn more about wildlife in the area. You can learn more about the history of the area with a tour of Fort Gaines or with a visit to Indian Shell Mound Park. Check the hours of operation and schedule for these venues before you arrive so that you can plan out your trip.

Weather

Like much of the rest of the Gulf Coast region of the United States, Dauphin Island has a humid subtropical climate with warm temperatures throughout most of the year. The area is known for having humid, hot summers with average highs between May and September ranging from the lower to upper 80s. However, record highs reach the 100s during these months. During the winter season, the average high is in the high 50s and low to mid 60s, giving you a mild winter season to enjoy. Snowfall is very rare for Dauphin Island, but the area receives more than 61 inches of rainfall each year. Both the peak of winter as well as the peak of summer seasons have significant rainfall.

How to Get There

Dauphin Island is a very small community, and it does not have a local airport into which travelers can fly. However, both Mobile and Pensacola are a short drive away and have international airports that you can travel into if you are arriving by air. If you are traveling by car, take Interstate 10 into Alabama. Then, take the small county road 193 south from the Interstate to the island. Keep in mind that this road is the only road that crosses the bay for access to the island.

Attractions In and Around Dauphin Island
First time in Dauphin Island and looking for places to see? Visitors searching for nearby landmarks can take a trip to Fort Gaines and Fort Morgan. To appreciate the outdoor scene, make time for green spaces such as Bellingrath Gardens and Home.
Discover Isle Dauphine Golf Club, Indian Shell Mound Park or Dauphin Island Public Beach while exploring the city during your stay. Why not also take in more of the area with visits to Dauphin Island Sea Lab Estuarium, CJ's Par 3 or Gulf Coast Gator Ranch and Airboat Swamp Tours?

















Explore HomeAway





List Your Property

How It Works

Find A Rental

Security Center

Get Help

Travel Ideas







Company

Media Center

Affiliates

Partner Platform

Investors

Careers

Blog

Product News







Get the HomeAway and VRBO Mobile App












Meet the HomeAway family
Insider guide provided by






























































































Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the HomeAway.com
Terms and Conditions
and
Privacy Policy
.

©2006-Present HomeAway.com, Inc. All rights reserved.






















