

Ocean City, MD, USA Vacation rentals | HomeAway























United States






Back






United States




Argentina




Australia




Brasil




Canada




Chile




Colombia




Danmark




Deutschland




Ecuador




España




France




India




Indonesia




Italia




Malaysia




México




Nederland




New Zealand




Norge




Perú




Philippines




Polska




Portugal




Singapore




Sri Lanka




Suomi




Sverige




United Kingdom




Uruguay




Việt Nam




Österreich




Ελλάδα




Россия




الإمارات




ประเทศไทย




中国




台灣




日本




香港




대한민국






Scratchpad




Help





Back





Visit Help Center




Travelers


How it Works



Security Center




Homeowners


How it Works



List Your Property



Community



Discovery Hub




Property Managers


List Your Properties





List Your Property



List Your Property














Our
Family of
Brands





HomeAway is the world leader in vacation rentals with over 1 million listings. We offer the largest selection of properties for any travel occasion and every budget. We're committed to helping families and friends find a perfect vacation rental to create unforgettable travel experiences together.

Learn More










Ocean City, MD, USA
We found 4,380 vacation rentals — enter your dates for availability
Ocean City, MD, USA
Search
Where
Magnifier
circle
x
Check In
Check Out
Guests
You are here:
Home
United States
Maryland
Worcester County
Ocean City
Discover your favorite property type
Condos
Take a hip retreat to the heart of it all.
View 2,427 condos
Houses
Enjoy comfort for the whole family.
View 1,011 houses
Townhomes
Live like a local near areas you love.
View 724 townhomes
Apartments
Get the local proximity and privacy you need.
View 87 apartments
Villas
Experience luxurious and inspiring places.
View 50 villas
Cottages
Unwind in unforgettable charm.
View 47 cottages
Find the best place to stay — Ocean City
3 BR
•
3 BA
•
Sleeps 8
$196 avg/night
3 BR
•
3 BA
•
Sleeps 8
$237 avg/night
3 BR
•
2 BA
•
Sleeps 8
$100 avg/night
3 BR
•
2 BA
•
Sleeps 10
$176 avg/night
2 BR
•
2 BA
•
Sleeps 8
$162 avg/night
3 BR
•
2 BA
•
Sleeps 12
$171 avg/night
Search 4,380 vacation rentals
Explore
Find the perfect place from the worlds best selection of vacation rentals on HomeAway.
Book
Safer and more secure when you pay and book online through HomeAway.
Enjoy
Enjoy more space and more privacy of an entire vacation home.
Rental Condos for Your Ocean City Vacation

Ocean City, Maryland is a great family beach town and the perfect place for a summer vacation. Rental condos, townhouses, and houses are all available to make you stay comfortable and fun. Many properties include facilities and amenities such as pools, cable television, outdoor barbeque grills, and air conditioning for your added comfort and enjoyment.

There Are Plenty of Activities at the Beach

Ocean City beaches stretch along the Atlantic Ocean from the Inlet all the way to the Delaware state line. Beach-goers can enjoy the sun and fun of the beach along with many other beach activities. Sea shell collecting, kite flying, volleyball tournaments, and sand sculpting are a few of the activities that people participate in. A good section of the beach is located right against the boardwalk, so food, games, and other attractions are readily available. Jet-skiing and other water sports also take place at the Ocean City beaches, both in the Ocean and on the Bay. Whether you want to just relax with a book in the sun or participate in one of the many activities, there is always something going on at the beach.

Great Dining Is Always a Treat

While some may prefer to snack the day away on boardwalk fare, others choose fine dining in the evenings. An abundance of local seafood is available at many fine restaurants in the area. Restaurants such as BJs on the Water and Phillips Seafood are classics in Ocean City. They serve locally caught crabs along with other local seafood specialties. Some may prefer the Italian dishes of Mario’s or barbequed ribs from Nick’s Original House of Ribs. Many restaurants are child-friendly though a few, especially those that are associated with bars, are not. Whatever you are looking for, Ocean City has a myriad of choices to suit your tastes

Outlet Shopping Is Conveniently Located

There is always the odd, rainy day when you take a beach vacation. A great way to spend a rainy day is shopping. The Tanger Outlets have locations in
Rehobeth Beach
, Delaware and in West Ocean City. Both centers have many fine stores, but the Rehoboth center is much larger and more spread out. Both centers have stores selling apparel, shoes, children’s wear, jewelry and accessories, home goods, kitchen goods, and specialty items. The many stores in both centers provide a variety of items so everyone is sure to find something.

Summer Weather in Ocean City is Beach Weather

Summers in Ocean City have the perfect weather for beach lovers. Average summer temperatures are in the high 80s with mostly sunny skies. There are occasional afternoon showers and thunderstorms, but most of the days are great beach days. Spring and fall see average temperatures in the 60s and 70s while winter temperatures average in the high 40s and low 50s. Summer time is definitely the best time to visit Ocean City and take advantage of the beach and all the attractions. Spring and Fall have pleasant weather but not always warm enough for the beach, though some enjoy these cooler temperatures.

The Best Ways to Get to Ocean City

Most people will drive to Ocean City. It can be accessed over two bridges from Maryland or from state route 1 in
Delaware
. Rental cars are a good choice if you need a larger vehicle to transport the people and luggage you will be bringing. Another way to get to Ocean City is to take a bus. You can take a Greyhound Bus from many locations to arrive in Ocean City. There are two airports that can serve the Ocean City region. The Ocean City Municipal Airport is small while the Wicomico Regional Airport in
Salisbury
is a bit bigger and only a 35 mile drive away. However you arrive, transportation within Ocean City is easy by local buses or by car.


Keep the fun rolling in Ocean City
There are plenty of ways to explore Ocean City, but rollerblading should be top of your list. As you speed down the boardwalk, wind in your hair, you’ll encounter the irresistible scents of the area’s famed street food, and get to see mimes, magicians, and musicians showcasing their skills. For an even greater adrenaline kick, whizz over to the Ocean City Skate Bowl Park, where rollerbladers and skateboarders can try their hand at the 13,000-foot street course, or on a number of challenges designed to put your abilities to the test.

Atlantic Avenue—the heart of Ocean City
Named America’s best boardwalk by The Travel Channel, and number 1 for food by USA Today, Ocean City’s Atlantic Avenue is a thriving hub of activity. A spin on the Ferris wheel opens up sweeping panoramas of sparkling lights and glistening waters, while a ride on an old-timey carousel from 1902 will bring out your inner child. No visit is complete without sampling the delicious delicacies served up by local vendors—savory crab cakes, fresh-baked pizza, and mouthwatering cheeseburgers are among the most popular snacks, while cotton candy, saltwater taffy, and creamy fudge make for an unbeatable dessert.

Ocean City weather made simple
The best time to take advantage of beachfront Ocean City vacation rentals is summer, when temperatures are at their peak and the sun casts this oceanfront gem in a spectacular light. It’s also the most popular time to visit the area, so demand and prices may well be a little higher. For a better chance of finding cheap Ocean City vacation rentals, the cooler winter months are the top choice. Average temperatures are in the mid-50s, so getting out and about is still a possibility, and you won’t have to worry about crowds at the main attractions.

A walk on the wild side near Ocean City
A 45-minute drive from your Ocean City vacation rental brings you to the celebrated loblolly pines and cypress swamps of Pocomoke River State Park. Visitors here can view white dogwood and pink mountain-laurel trees in the spring, when flowers are coming into bloom, and look for river otters, bald eagles, or any of the 50 species of fish who call the park home. The reserve offers a brilliant opportunity for a family retreat away from the hustle and bustle of the boardwalk, and is a wonderful way to while away the hours in a serene outdoor setting.
Ocean City
vacation rentals
Maryland Beach
North Ocean City
Sunset Island
Makai Condominiums
Belmont Towers
Sea Watch
Carousel
9400 Condos
Golden Sands
Gateway Grand
Atlantis
El Capitan Condominiums
South Beach
Roland E. Powell Convention Center
Thunder Island
Capri
Beach Place North
Rehoboth Beach

















Explore HomeAway





List Your Property

How It Works

Find A Rental

Security Center

Get Help

Travel Ideas







Company

Media Center

Affiliates

Partner Platform

Investors

Careers

Blog

Product News







Get the HomeAway and VRBO Mobile App












Meet the HomeAway family
Insider guide provided by






























































































Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the HomeAway.com
Terms and Conditions
and
Privacy Policy
.

©2006-Present HomeAway.com, Inc. All rights reserved.






















