

South Padre Island, TX, USA Vacation rentals | HomeAway























United States






Back






United States




Argentina




Australia




Brasil




Canada




Chile




Colombia




Danmark




Deutschland




Ecuador




España




France




India




Indonesia




Italia




Malaysia




México




Nederland




New Zealand




Norge




Perú




Philippines




Polska




Portugal




Singapore




Sri Lanka




Suomi




Sverige




United Kingdom




Uruguay




Việt Nam




Österreich




Ελλάδα




Россия




الإمارات




ประเทศไทย




中国




台灣




日本




香港




대한민국






Scratchpad




Help





Back





Visit Help Center




Travelers


How it Works



Security Center




Homeowners


How it Works



List Your Property



Community



Discovery Hub




Property Managers


List Your Properties





List Your Property



List Your Property














Our
Family of
Brands





HomeAway is the world leader in vacation rentals with over 1 million listings. We offer the largest selection of properties for any travel occasion and every budget. We're committed to helping families and friends find a perfect vacation rental to create unforgettable travel experiences together.

Learn More










South Padre Island, TX, USA
We found 1,499 vacation rentals — enter your dates for availability
South Padre Island, TX, USA
Search
Where
Magnifier
circle
x
Check In
Check Out
Guests
You are here:
Home
United States
Texas
Cameron County
South Padre Island
Discover your favorite property type
Condos
Take a hip retreat to the heart of it all.
View 1,153 condos
Houses
Enjoy comfort for the whole family.
View 202 houses
Townhomes
Live like a local near areas you love.
View 67 townhomes
Apartments
Get the local proximity and privacy you need.
View 39 apartments
Find the best place to stay — South Padre Island
3 BR
•
2 BA
•
Sleeps 8
$344 avg/night
3 BR
•
2 BA
•
Sleeps 8
$270 avg/night
2 BR
•
2 BA
•
Sleeps 6
$225 avg/night
2 BR
•
2 BA
•
Sleeps 6
$162 avg/night
2 BR
•
2 BA
•
Sleeps 4
$268 avg/night
3 BR
•
2 BA
•
Sleeps 6
$185 avg/night
Search 1,499 vacation rentals
Explore
Find the perfect place from the worlds best selection of vacation rentals on HomeAway.
Book
Safer and more secure when you pay and book online through HomeAway.
Enjoy
Enjoy more space and more privacy of an entire vacation home.
Enjoy Sun and Surf From Your South Padre Beach Condo

South Padre Island is one of the premier beach spots along the Texas Gulf Coast, and you can enjoy all that the area has to offer in comfort and style when you rent a beach condo. A South Padre Island beach condo is a wonderful home away from home, providing you a home-like living experience for you to enjoy while on vacation. This includes a beachfront location or beach access nearby as well as a full kitchen, a balcony, a grill and numerous other amenities that will help you to feel relaxed and at ease throughout your vacation.

Things to Do

Outdoor Recreation

When you travel to South Padre to stay in your
Gulf Coast beachfront condo
, you will want to spend ample time relaxing under the sun and playing in the waves. There are an extensive range of beach activities that you can enjoy up and down the coast, and these include sand volleyball, swimming, sandcastle building, Frisbee, beach soccer, parasailing and more. There are also excursions for jet skiing, deep sea fishing, paragliding and more. You can truly have an amazing time at the beach when you treat yourself to an exceptional South Padre vacation.

Attractions

South Padre is most well-known for its stunning beaches, but it also has a few top-rated attractions that you will want to explore while staying in your
Port O'Connor beach condo
. Schlitterbahn Beach Waterpark is a premier water park that boasts tons of rides, water slides, swimming pools and kiddie areas. This is one of a chain of water parks located throughout the state that local residents and visitors alike love to visit. There are also shopping malls, retail centers and boutique surf and beach shops that provide you with the opportunity to enjoy an exceptional shopping experience.

Nightlife

After a fun-filled day at the beach, you may want to head back to your condo to prepare a meal in your full kitchen, or you may want to head out for a night on the town. Some of the many spots that you can head to include Tequila Sunset, the Coral Reef Lounge, Louie's Backyard, Boomerang Billy's, Laguna BOB and others. Some of these venues have a full dinner menu, a full bar, live music or a DJ and other fun features that can help you to have an amazing evening in South Padre.

Weather

The weather in South Padre is undeniably amazing for a beach experience, and this is because it has a humid subtropical climate. This type of climate boasts long, warm and often wet summers coupled with shorter, mild and relatively dry winter months. Average high temperatures during the peak of summer season are in the 90s, and there are numerous 100-degree days that will make the water at the beach very refreshing for you to enjoy. The average high temperature in the winter months is in the 60s.

How to Get There

There is a small airport in South Padre that you can fly into, and you can rent a car to enjoy the convenience of getting around town while you are on vacation.. You can also drive your own car, taking Interstate 37 to Highway 77 south. Highway 77 transitions into Interstate 69E, which takes you the rest of the way into the area. If you choose to take a bus, there are several bus routes that take you to the nearby town of Harlingen, and you can rent a car for convenient travel while in town.


Attractions In and Around South Padre Island
Looking for places to see while you're in South Padre Island? Local attractions include Schlitterbahn Beach Waterpark, Sea Turtle Inc and Sea Turtle Rescue Center. Visitors searching for nearby cultural experiences can spend an enlightening afternoon at Museums of Port Isabel. If some outdoor time is on the agenda, experience the natural beauty of Andy Bowie Park, Laguna Madre Nature Trail and Isla Blanca Park.
During your stay, you may want to visit South Padre Island Birding and Nature Center, University of Texas Pan American Coastal Studies Laboratory or Whaling Wall. Also while in town, consider a visit to South Padre Island Convention Centre and Queen Isabella State Fishing Pier.

















Explore HomeAway





List Your Property

How It Works

Find A Rental

Security Center

Get Help

Travel Ideas







Company

Media Center

Affiliates

Partner Platform

Investors

Careers

Blog

Product News







Get the HomeAway and VRBO Mobile App












Meet the HomeAway family
Insider guide provided by






























































































Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the HomeAway.com
Terms and Conditions
and
Privacy Policy
.

©2006-Present HomeAway.com, Inc. All rights reserved.






















