

Galveston, TX, USA Vacation rentals | HomeAway























United States






Back






United States




Argentina




Australia




Brasil




Canada




Chile




Colombia




Danmark




Deutschland




Ecuador




España




France




India




Indonesia




Italia




Malaysia




México




Nederland




New Zealand




Norge




Perú




Philippines




Polska




Portugal




Singapore




Sri Lanka




Suomi




Sverige




United Kingdom




Uruguay




Việt Nam




Österreich




Ελλάδα




Россия




الإمارات




ประเทศไทย




中国




台灣




日本




香港




대한민국






Scratchpad




Help





Back





Visit Help Center




Travelers


How it Works



Security Center




Homeowners


How it Works



List Your Property



Community



Discovery Hub




Property Managers


List Your Properties





List Your Property



List Your Property














Our
Family of
Brands





HomeAway is the world leader in vacation rentals with over 1 million listings. We offer the largest selection of properties for any travel occasion and every budget. We're committed to helping families and friends find a perfect vacation rental to create unforgettable travel experiences together.

Learn More










Galveston, TX, USA
We found 1,958 vacation rentals — enter your dates for availability
Galveston, TX, USA
Search
Where
Magnifier
circle
x
Check In
Check Out
Guests
You are here:
Home
United States
Texas
Galveston County
Galveston
Discover your favorite property type
Houses
Enjoy comfort for the whole family.
View 1,055 houses
Condos
Take a hip retreat to the heart of it all.
View 745 condos
Cottages
Unwind in unforgettable charm.
View 48 cottages
Apartments
Get the local proximity and privacy you need.
View 47 apartments
Find the best place to stay — Galveston
3 BR
•
2 BA
•
Sleeps 8
$232 avg/night
2 BR
•
2 BA
•
Sleeps 4
$150 avg/night
3 BR
•
3 BA
•
Sleeps 10
$626 avg/night
4 BR
•
3 BA
•
Sleeps 14
$400 avg/night
4 BR
•
3 BA
•
Sleeps 10
$250 avg/night
4 BR
•
3 BA
•
Sleeps 12
$325 avg/night
Search 1,958 vacation rentals
Explore
Find the perfect place from the worlds best selection of vacation rentals on HomeAway.
Book
Safer and more secure when you pay and book online through HomeAway.
Enjoy
Enjoy more space and more privacy of an entire vacation home.
Galveston Beach Houses Feature Stunning Island Views

The 32-mile long, historic island of Galveston borders the beautiful Gulf of Mexico, the stunning beach and charming historic community offers visitors access to miles of pristine beaches, access to historic attractions and Galveston's lively culture. The fantastic beach escape boasts a huge number of stunning beach houses, condos located near the ocean, and waterfront homes. In addition to the offering spectacular ocean views, the fantastic oceanfront homes in Galveston may also feature an array of amenities such as cable TV, Wi-Fi internet access, and family-friendly living.

Beaches

Galveston operates numerous public beaches and beach access points throughout the island. Popular island beaches and beach parks include:


The Galveston Island State Park

The East Beach

The pocket park on San Luis Pass Road at the seventh mile

The pocket park at located at 11745 FM 3005

The pocket park at San Luis Pass Road at the eleventh mile

Stewart Beach

The Seawall Urban Park


Dining

Galveston is full to the brim with a diverse array of restaurants and delectable menu options. The Waterfront and Strand areas along the historic island offer many of Galveston's most delicious dining options. From Texas steak, Italian and Greek to Mexican and seafood, Galveston is sure to accommodate a wide variety of tastes.

In recent years, Galveston has become an attractive community for young culinary talent to settle. Inventive young chefs have made their way to the unique island in the hopes of serving up exciting new dishes in some of Galveston's best restaurants. The names of Galveston chefs such as Paco Vargas, Robbin Murphy, Chris Loftis, Ross Warhol, and Phil Bouzo are garnering national attention and cementing the island's reputation as a popular fine dining destination. The top restaurants of Galveston are:


Rudy & Paco

Shearn’s

Number 13

Gaido’s

The Steakhouse


Arts And Culture

The island's expansive historic downtown is the main hub of Galveston's arts and entertainment. The historic buildings of downtown Galveston are filled with cultural institutions, including a number of theaters, galleries, and museums.

ArtWalk
is an event enjoyed by many. Every six weeks, the downtown district hosts an ArtWalk event that draws thousands to the island. The exciting cultural event boats well-known national artists, gallery openings, and a multitude of vendors. Additionally the dazzling street celebration serves up a delicious array of food truck fare as the sounds of music reverberate through the streets.

Family Friendly Attractions

There are many enticing options for families seeking fun on Galveston. From taffy-making at the La King’s Confectionery to the Galveston Turtle Tour, there are many wonderful opportunities for families looking for something fun to do. Family-friendly attractions on Galveston include the following:


The Schlitterbahn Waterpark

The Galveston Railroad Museum

The Lone Star Flight Museum

The Texas Seaport Museum


Weather

Galveston, an island located just off of
Texas' Gulf Coast
, enjoys moderate year-round temperatures. Most visitors arrive to the island in the spring and summer seasons. Average summer high temperatures are in the high 80s while winter lows hover around a comfortable 51 degrees.

How To get There

Galveston is easy to get to by cruise, private boat, or car. The closest airport to Galveston is in
Houston
: George Bush Intercontinental Airport (IAH). Therefore, those who are traveling into Texas by way of plane will need to travel an additional 45 minutes to get to the island. Whether you take your own private car or rent a car, the easiest way to cross into Galveston is by taking Interstate 45 southward all the way to the island.


The catch of the day in Galveston
Galveston is hallowed ground for the avid angler; natives are fiercely passionate about fishing and the town offers activities to suit all comers. The island’s jetties are the perfect spot to find croaker, perch, and speckled trout, while boat trips to the Gulf present the excitement of going toe-to-toe with snapper, ling, and even sharks. If you’re feeling up for the challenge, why not charter a boat and try your hand at a blue-water excursion? You’ll have the chance to encounter 100-pound white and blue marlin on these trips, before heading back to your Galveston vacation rental to serve up your haul.

Galveston's good nature
Families seeking a day out that's sure to please adults and kids alike need look no further than Moody Gardens botanical park, a non-profit educational center marked by 3 towering colored pyramids that stretch high into the Texas sky. Each building has its own unique theme, so whether you’re looking to admire penguins and stingrays in the enormous Aquarium Pyramid, explore the ecosystems of Asia, Africa, and South America in the Rainforest Pyramid, or stroll through the rotating exhibits of the Discovery Pyramid, there’ll be something to keep you thoroughly entertained.

Warming up to Galveston
The steady Texas climate keeps things relatively warm and sunny throughout the year in Galveston, so traveling in the typically cheaper winter months has definite benefits. Regular temperatures are still hovering in the mid-50s, so you’ll be able to spend some time outdoors, and you’re more likely to find a fantastic deal on a cheap Galveston vacation rental. Summer temperatures reach averages of 86°F, ideal conditions for sunbathing on the sands—making beachfront Galveston vacation rentals a tempting prospect. Whenever you choose to travel, a little advance research is key to planning your stay and making the most of your vacation.

Galveston’s golden coast
After a busy day of exploring, Galveston Island State Park is a wonderful place to find some peace and tranquility. This 2,000-acre reserve, which stretches across beach, gulf, and bay, is a stellar encapsulation of Texas’s natural beauty, and also one of the area’s best spots for bird-watching. The unspoiled barrier islands attract a diverse range of species, particularly during the spring and fall migration periods. As the sun sets over the ocean, there’s nothing better than sitting back with a loved one and admiring these majestic creatures as they soar and glide gracefully across the golden skyline toward home.
Galveston
vacation rentals
Jamaica Beach
Galveston Island Historic Pleasure Pier
Pirates Beach
Diamond Beach
Pointe West
Sea Isle
Pirates Beach West
Galvestonian
Casa del Mar
Bermuda Beach
Terramar Beach
Beachtown
San Luis
Seascape
East Beach
Palm Beach
Maravilla
Beachside Village

















Explore HomeAway





List Your Property

How It Works

Find A Rental

Security Center

Get Help

Travel Ideas







Company

Media Center

Affiliates

Partner Platform

Investors

Careers

Blog

Product News







Get the HomeAway and VRBO Mobile App












Meet the HomeAway family
Insider guide provided by






























































































Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the HomeAway.com
Terms and Conditions
and
Privacy Policy
.

©2006-Present HomeAway.com, Inc. All rights reserved.






















