

Virginia Beach, VA, USA Vacation rentals | HomeAway























United States






Back






United States




Argentina




Australia




Brasil




Canada




Chile




Colombia




Danmark




Deutschland




Ecuador




España




France




India




Indonesia




Italia




Malaysia




México




Nederland




New Zealand




Norge




Perú




Philippines




Polska




Portugal




Singapore




Sri Lanka




Suomi




Sverige




United Kingdom




Uruguay




Việt Nam




Österreich




Ελλάδα




Россия




الإمارات




ประเทศไทย




中国




台灣




日本




香港




대한민국






Scratchpad




Help





Back





Visit Help Center




Travelers


How it Works



Security Center




Homeowners


How it Works



List Your Property



Community



Discovery Hub




Property Managers


List Your Properties





List Your Property



List Your Property














Our
Family of
Brands





HomeAway is the world leader in vacation rentals with over 1 million listings. We offer the largest selection of properties for any travel occasion and every budget. We're committed to helping families and friends find a perfect vacation rental to create unforgettable travel experiences together.

Learn More










Virginia Beach, VA, USA
We found 940 vacation rentals — enter your dates for availability
Virginia Beach, VA, USA
Search
Where
Magnifier
circle
x
Check In
Check Out
Guests
You are here:
Home
United States
Virginia
Virginia Beach
Discover your favorite property type
Houses
Enjoy comfort for the whole family.
View 437 houses
Condos
Take a hip retreat to the heart of it all.
View 326 condos
Cottages
Unwind in unforgettable charm.
View 44 cottages
Townhomes
Live like a local near areas you love.
View 30 townhomes
Find the best place to stay — Virginia Beach
5 BR
•
2 BA
•
Sleeps 16
$257 avg/night
3 BR
•
4 BA
•
Sleeps 10
$450 avg/night
2 BR
•
2 BA
•
Sleeps 6
$175 avg/night
4 BR
•
3 BA
•
Sleeps 9
$214 avg/night
4 BR
•
3 BA
•
Sleeps 10
$575 avg/night
2 BR
•
1 BA
•
Sleeps 6
$155 avg/night
Search 940 vacation rentals
Explore
Find the perfect place from the worlds best selection of vacation rentals on HomeAway.
Book
Safer and more secure when you pay and book online through HomeAway.
Enjoy
Enjoy more space and more privacy of an entire vacation home.
There's Something for Everyone in Virginia Beach

If you're looking for a great place to take the family, consider going out to Virginia Beach. There are several different types of rental condos where you can enjoy oceanfront views and private pools. With a range of accommodations suitable for parties of 6, 10, and even 14 people, you can plan a trip that the entire family will enjoy.  You can easily find lodgings that are within walking distance of the beach, shopping, and the famous Virginia Beach Boardwalk.

Charter a Boat and Hit the Open Waters

Many people are content to sit on the beach, but you may find that the most exciting activities are actually on the water. When you choose a waterfront property, you can set out in the morning to catch some Spot, Sea Bass, or even Rockfish. If you're not interested in piloting your own vessel, then consider going out on a chartered trip Chincoteague Island.  You can also sign up for three-hour scenic cruises so that you can see dolphins and whales, or you can head to the inland areas to view the wild ponies.

Dining and Nightlife on the Boardwalk

The Boardwalk is one of the top attractions in this area, and it has something for everyone in the family.  Overlooking the ocean, it's the place you'll head to when you want to grab a bite to eat, walk through a museum, or dance the night away. With a condo near the beach, you won't have to travel far to enjoy this attraction. Some of the dining choices on the Boardwalk include homemade ice cream, oyster bars and seafood houses, pizza places, and some well-known national chains.

Local and National Shopping

If you want to take a few souvenirs home, then make some time for shopping. Virginia Beach is home to one of the largest malls in the country. It has more than 180 specialty stores, various services, and restaurants. The city also has 40 blocks of local shops and establishments so that you can find everything from fresh vegetables to surfing attire. If you're in the Norfolk region, then you can take advantage of all the great shopping and dining found in the city and nearby
Norfolk
or
Chesapeake
.

Hot Summers and Cold Winters in Virginia Beach

Located in the southeast corner of the state, Virginia Beach still enjoys all four seasons with hot summers, cold winters, and gorgeous weather in the spring and fall.  However, many area attractions will shut down in the winter, so most people choose to visit between April and November.  You'll find the warmest temperatures in July, but the summer months also tend to be crowded.  If you can travel in September, then you'll enjoy smaller crowds, a slower pace, and highs in the low 80s. May is also a popular time as the weather is warming up, but most kids are still in school so the crowds are low.

Transportation to Virginia Beach

People across the east coast will choose to drive their own private care to Virginia Beach, but this isn't the only option.  If you're traveling with a family, then you may want to rent a minivan for the additional cargo and legroom.  If you prefer to fly and rent a car at your destination, then look for flights into the Norfolk International Airport. You can also use the Newport News/ Williamsburg International Airport about 42 miles away.  Amtrak also offer service into Newport News, so you can start and end your vacation with a relaxing train trip.


Exploring Virginia Beach
If you’re looking to get out of your Virginia Beach vacation rental and spend a little time in the sun, First Landing State Park should be top of your wish list. This space is home to lagoons, rare plants, towering cypress trees, and hiking trails, which are a fantastic way to stay active and see a different side to the region. Guided ecological tours are offered and are definitely worth considering, while picnic areas let you stop a while to enjoy your surroundings. Kayak rental is another great option, opening up stellar views of the forests that are not to be missed.

Historic homes in Virginia Beach
Francis Land House, founded circa 1805, was once the home of wealthy plantation owner Francis Land VI and today houses period antiques from this period in American history. The building is open for tours between February and June, with opening hours available on their website. The Adam Thoroughgood House is open as a museum, affording you the opportunity to explore the lavishly decorated rooms of another one of the area’s oldest Colonial homes. For thrills of a different kind, why not head to the Ferry Plantation House, where 11 spooky specters of the area’s past are said to still roam the halls?

Virginia Beach’s signature sizzle
When selecting a Virginia Beach vacation rental, be sure to consider the area’s climate and how it could affect what you’re after. Average temperatures fall to around 40°F during the coldest months of the year, so finding a spot near the beach might not be number one on your priority list. The summer sees averages peak at around 79°F, making it the perfect time to head close to the seaside or reserve a Virginia Beach vacation rental with a pool; Virginia’s humid subtropical climate also guarantees long days of sunshine during the hotter months.

Go wild for Virginia Beach
For a unique taste of Virginia Beach’s natural wonders, a visit to Back Bay National Wildlife Refuge, located just 45 minutes from the city, is just the ticket. This 8,000-acre freshwater reserve borders the Atlantic Ocean and Back Bay, and is made up of marshes, sand dunes, ponds, and maritime forests. A stroll through the grounds is an ideal chance to take in the beauty of Virginia’s landscape, while guided tram tours, which run between April 1 and October 31, ensure that you don’t miss a single thing.
Virginia Beach
vacation rentals
Sandbridge Beach
Chesapeake Beach
Northeast Virginia Beach
Sandbridge Beach
Chic's Beach
Chesapeake Beach (Chick's Beach)
Virginia Beach Town Center
Croatan Beach
Dam Neck
Virginia Beach Convention Center
Playa Rana
First Landing State Park
Cape Story by the Sea
Alanton
Ocean Beach Club
Cape Henry Lighthouse
Virginia Aquarium and Marine Science Center
North Carolina

















Explore HomeAway





List Your Property

How It Works

Find A Rental

Security Center

Get Help

Travel Ideas







Company

Media Center

Affiliates

Partner Platform

Investors

Careers

Blog

Product News







Get the HomeAway and VRBO Mobile App












Meet the HomeAway family
Insider guide provided by






























































































Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the HomeAway.com
Terms and Conditions
and
Privacy Policy
.

©2006-Present HomeAway.com, Inc. All rights reserved.






















