

Breckenridge, CO, USA Vacation rentals | HomeAway























United States






Back






United States




Argentina




Australia




Brasil




Canada




Chile




Colombia




Danmark




Deutschland




Ecuador




España




France




India




Indonesia




Italia




Malaysia




México




Nederland




New Zealand




Norge




Perú




Philippines




Polska




Portugal




Singapore




Sri Lanka




Suomi




Sverige




United Kingdom




Uruguay




Việt Nam




Österreich




Ελλάδα




Россия




الإمارات




ประเทศไทย




中国




台灣




日本




香港




대한민국






Scratchpad




Help





Back





Visit Help Center




Travelers


How it Works



Security Center




Homeowners


How it Works



List Your Property



Community



Discovery Hub




Property Managers


List Your Properties





List Your Property



List Your Property














Our
Family of
Brands





HomeAway is the world leader in vacation rentals with over 1 million listings. We offer the largest selection of properties for any travel occasion and every budget. We're committed to helping families and friends find a perfect vacation rental to create unforgettable travel experiences together.

Learn More










Breckenridge, CO, USA
We found 7,437 vacation rentals — enter your dates for availability
Breckenridge, CO, USA
Search
Where
Magnifier
circle
x
Check In
Check Out
Guests
You are here:
Home
United States
Colorado
Summit County
Breckenridge
Discover your favorite property type
Condos
Take a hip retreat to the heart of it all.
View 4,218 condos
Houses
Enjoy comfort for the whole family.
View 1,676 houses
Townhomes
Live like a local near areas you love.
View 918 townhomes
Apartments
Get the local proximity and privacy you need.
View 172 apartments
Cabins
Escape to nature's peace and quiet.
View 141 cabins
Studios
Unwind in style after a busy itinerary.
View 79 studios
Lodges
Recharge in quaint, outdoorsy quarters.
View 54 lodges
Resorts
Kick back and relax with the perfect amenities.
View 39 resorts
Chalets
Live extravagantly in the crisp outdoors.
View 38 chalets
Villas
Experience luxurious and inspiring places.
View 33 villas
Find the best place to stay — Breckenridge
4 BR
•
2 BA
•
Sleeps 6
$250 avg/night
2 BR
•
2 BA
•
Sleeps 4
$349 avg/night
3 BR
•
2 BA
•
Sleeps 7
$757 avg/night
5 BR
•
3 BA
•
Sleeps 12
$475 avg/night
5 BR
•
1 BA
•
Sleeps 12
$357 avg/night
3 BR
•
3 BA
•
Sleeps 10
$600 avg/night
Search 7,437 vacation rentals
Explore
Find the perfect place from the worlds best selection of vacation rentals on HomeAway.
Book
Safer and more secure when you pay and book online through HomeAway.
Enjoy
Enjoy more space and more privacy of an entire vacation home.
Retreat to a Mountain Paradise With Your Breckenridge Condo Rental

Situated in the heart of the Rocky Mountains in central
Colorado
, Breckenridge is ideally located to provide you with an amazing home base for mountain fun. Year-round, you will have an amazing time exploring the area and enjoying the attractions from your Breckenridge condo rental. Some condos are equipped with thoughtful extras, such as a hot tub, a deck with a grill and great views, a covered garage and other features that can make your vacation experience even more enjoyable.

Outdoor Recreation

The majority of the outdoor recreation in the area is located at the famous Breckenridge Ski Resort, which is situated close to your Breckenridge condo rental. At the resort, you can enjoy cross country skiing on two Nordic centers, dog sledding, downhill skiing, snowboarding and more. If you are planning to visit the resort in the summer, there is a Summer Fun Park that is equipped with a roller coaster, a zipline, a mountain biking route, Segway tours and other incredible experiences. Away from the resort, there are additional opportunities for you to spend time outdoors. For example, horseback riding, hiking, rafting, tubing and other outdoor activities are available through different nearby tour companies. Copper Mountain ski resort and the Dillon Reservoir are also located nearby, adding to the opportunities for fun.

Attractions

The town of Breckenridge has a rustic charm and a small town feel to it. In fact, it is the largest historic district in the state, making it a must-see area to explore from the starting point of your
vacation condo in Summit County
. As you walk around the downtown Breckenridge area, you can venture into lovely shops and quaint boutiques to look for souvenirs for others back home or gifts for yourself. There are also numerous restaurants, candy shops and more to enjoy.

Nightlife

When the sun goes down in Breckenridge, skiing, snowboarding and other outdoor activities may be paused until the next day. However, the fun can continue because of the town's fabulous nightlife. You can work up quite an appetite on the slopes or shopping through the town, and you will be pleased to know that there are many great restaurants to choose from. Some venues have a full bar with live music. When in town, look for restaurants like Angels Hollow, the Base Nine Bar, the Blue River Bistro, the Breckenridge Brewery, Briar Rose and others.

Weather

Breckenridge is a true mountain town nestled at the base of one of the most popular ski resorts in the country, and with this in mind, you may expect that the area would have a chilly climate. The town has a high alpine climate with chilly temperatures and low levels of humidity. The average daily high temperatures range from 29 in January to 70 in July and August. While the area receives approximately 20 inches of rain each year, most of the precipitation is in the form of snow. In addition to the rainfall, Breckenridge receives approximately 163 inches of snow per year.

How to Get There

While the travel path to Breckenridge is straightforward, the roads are curvy with steep grades, and this can make it seem more challenging to reach if you're driving there by rental car. You can travel across the state on Interstate 70. Then, take Highway 9 south at the Frisco exit. Breckenridge is located a short distance off of the interstate highway. If you are planning to fly into the area, the nearest major airport is the Denver International Airport where you can rent a car or get other transportation into Breckenridge.


Attractions In and Around Breckenridge
First time in Breckenridge and looking for things to do? Some of the area's family-friendly draws for travelers include Woodward at Copper and Frisco Adventure Park. If some outdoor time is on the agenda, experience the natural beauty of Peak 10 and McCullough Gulch Trailhead. Winter activities you might appreciate include visiting Breckenridge Ski Resort, Copper Mountain Ski Resort and Keystone Ski Resort.
You can take a shopping trip to Outlets at Silverthorne. Other places to visit in town include Barney Ford House Museum, Riverwalk Center and Edwin Carter Museum.
Breckenridge
vacation rentals
Breckenridge Ski Resort
Breckenridge Mountain Village
Peak 9
Peak 8
Cedars Townhomes
Grand Lodge on Peak 7
One Ski Hill Place
Breckenridge Mountain Lodge
Village At Breckenridge
Beaver Run
Mountain Thunder Lodge
Grand Timber Lodge
Peak 7
The Highlands
Trails End
Crystal Peak Lodge
Four O'Clock Ski Run
Quandary Village

















Explore HomeAway





List Your Property

How It Works

Find A Rental

Security Center

Get Help

Travel Ideas







Company

Media Center

Affiliates

Partner Platform

Investors

Careers

Blog

Product News







Get the HomeAway and VRBO Mobile App












Meet the HomeAway family
Insider guide provided by






























































































Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the HomeAway.com
Terms and Conditions
and
Privacy Policy
.

©2006-Present HomeAway.com, Inc. All rights reserved.






















