

Fort Lauderdale, FL, USA Vacation rentals | HomeAway























United States






Back






United States




Argentina




Australia




Brasil




Canada




Chile




Colombia




Danmark




Deutschland




Ecuador




España




France




India




Indonesia




Italia




Malaysia




México




Nederland




New Zealand




Norge




Perú




Philippines




Polska




Portugal




Singapore




Sri Lanka




Suomi




Sverige




United Kingdom




Uruguay




Việt Nam




Österreich




Ελλάδα




Россия




الإمارات




ประเทศไทย




中国




台灣




日本




香港




대한민국






Scratchpad




Help





Back





Visit Help Center




Travelers


How it Works



Security Center




Homeowners


How it Works



List Your Property



Community



Discovery Hub




Property Managers


List Your Properties





List Your Property



List Your Property














Our
Family of
Brands





HomeAway is the world leader in vacation rentals with over 1 million listings. We offer the largest selection of properties for any travel occasion and every budget. We're committed to helping families and friends find a perfect vacation rental to create unforgettable travel experiences together.

Learn More










Fort Lauderdale, FL, USA
We found 4,766 vacation rentals — enter your dates for availability
Fort Lauderdale, FL, USA
Search
Where
Magnifier
circle
x
Check In
Check Out
Guests
You are here:
Home
United States
Florida
Broward County
Fort Lauderdale
Discover your favorite property type
Houses
Enjoy comfort for the whole family.
View 1,395 houses
Condos
Take a hip retreat to the heart of it all.
View 1,309 condos
Apartments
Get the local proximity and privacy you need.
View 1,191 apartments
Studios
Unwind in style after a busy itinerary.
View 191 studios
Villas
Experience luxurious and inspiring places.
View 141 villas
Townhomes
Live like a local near areas you love.
View 132 townhomes
Resorts
Kick back and relax with the perfect amenities.
View 59 resorts
Cottages
Unwind in unforgettable charm.
View 38 cottages
Find the best place to stay — Fort Lauderdale
3 BR
•
3 BA
•
Sleeps 6
$468 avg/night
2 BR
•
2 BA
•
Sleeps 6
$150 avg/night
4 BR
•
2 BA
•
Sleeps 7
$298 avg/night
4 BR
•
2 BA
•
Sleeps 8
$363 avg/night
1 BR
•
1 BA
•
Sleeps 4
$123 avg/night
1 BR
•
0 BA
•
Sleeps 2
$214 avg/night
Search 4,766 vacation rentals
Explore
Find the perfect place from the worlds best selection of vacation rentals on HomeAway.
Book
Safer and more secure when you pay and book online through HomeAway.
Enjoy
Enjoy more space and more privacy of an entire vacation home.
Sea Houses, Freedom, and Fort Lauderdale
For a glorious vacation filled with Spanish-style food and white sandy beaches, book a Fort Lauderdale sea house or villa and create a perfect home-away-from-home getaway. Fort Lauderdale is less than an hour away from its tropical sister city, Miami. It sits along the
South Atlantic Coast
and connects to the Atlantic Ocean.
Things To Do

Known for its tropical weather and scenery, Ft. Lauderdale is also a metropolis for tons of outdoor activities. Florida is filled with many lakes and Ft. Lauderdale is certainly no exception. River cruising is a popular pastime among tourists and residents. Many people enjoy the simplicity of sunbathing on the beaches. The lifestyle in Fort Lauderdale is different from Miami because it is a lot more laid back. Fort Lauderdale is also a cruise hub and takes guests on various trips on ships.

Riverwalk

If you're a night owl and love immersing yourself in the arts, culture, and riveting entertainment of the city, hop on a water taxi and head over to the Riverwalk in
Greater Fort Lauderdale
. Since Fort Lauderdale is affectionately known as the "Venice of America," it only makes sense to have water transportation.  At any given time during the year, the Riverwalk hosts festivals, marathons, and concerts. There's an array of food kiosks with everything from Asian-Mexican fusion cuisine to sweet and savory crepes.

History and Science

Fort Lauderdale holds a rich history and shares it through different museums and historical landmarks such as the King-Cromartie House. Curated and founded by the Fort Lauderdale Historical Society, the King-Cromartie house gives a glimpse of what Florida living might've been like back in 1915. It also houses the Stranahan Collection which is comprised of photos of Fort Lauderdale's founder, Frank Stranahan.

Museum of Discovery and Science

The Museum of Discovery and Science houses a state-of-the-art IMAX theater, a range of exhibits with live animals and live presentations by experts within Fort Lauderdale. This is a great place to bring the children for a fun, educational, and inspirational day.

Parks and Beaches

If you're looking to enjoy something else other than the beach, try visiting Birch State Park or the Deerfield Beach fishing pier. Named after Attorney Hugh Taylor Birch, this state park was formerly his private estate. This is a peaceful place to experience tranquility within lots of greenery. Visitors can rent equipment and go kayaking or canoeing at their leisure along the park's Lake Helen. Deerfield Beach fishing pier is a tourist attraction with opportunities to get private fishing lessons and go on fishing excursions. Fort Lauderdale is home to more than 23 miles of sandy beaches. Visit Hillsboro, Pompano or Hollywood Beaches to enjoy tanning, sunbathing, and pure relaxation.

Weather

Fort Lauderdale is a city known for its humidity and balmy air. The weather doesn't go below 60 degrees in the winter time but generally stays within the 70s and 90s year round. Thankfully, the Atlantic Ocean is nearby for tourists to cool down in.

How to Get There

In order to get to Fort Lauderdale, there are multiple options to choose from. If you prefer flying, fly into one of four nearby airports including Fort Lauderdale/Hollywood  International Airport and Miami International Airport. Or you can opt for a cruise ship/boat, bus, train, or car. If you're flying in for vacation, it's wise to rent a private car or rental car for convenience and ease. Don't forget to rent a bike and go bike-riding along the beach. That's another form of fun transportation!


Attractions In and Around Fort Lauderdale
First time in Fort Lauderdale and looking for things to do? Don’t miss landmarks such as Bonnet House Museum and Gardens and Stranahan House and unique cultural highlights like Broward Center for the Performing Arts and International Swimming Hall of Fame. If some outdoor time is on the agenda, soak up some sun at Las Olas Beach and Canine Beach or experience the natural beauty of Hugh Taylor Birch State Park and Fort Lauderdale Beach Park.
You could easily spend a day shopping at Las Olas Riverfront, The Gallery at Beach Place and Galleria. Plan to attend a game or event? Get tickets for Fort Lauderdale Stadium or Hard Rock Stadium. Fun activities in the city include Port Everglades, Bahia Mar Marina and Jungle Queen Riverboat. You might also want to add other must-see places in the region like Aventura Mall, Deerfield Beach Pier or Sawgrass Mills Mall to your agenda.

















Explore HomeAway





List Your Property

How It Works

Find A Rental

Security Center

Get Help

Travel Ideas







Company

Media Center

Affiliates

Partner Platform

Investors

Careers

Blog

Product News







Get the HomeAway and VRBO Mobile App












Meet the HomeAway family
Insider guide provided by






























































































Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the HomeAway.com
Terms and Conditions
and
Privacy Policy
.

©2006-Present HomeAway.com, Inc. All rights reserved.






















