

New Braunfels, TX, USA Vacation rentals | HomeAway























United States






Back






United States




Argentina




Australia




Brasil




Canada




Chile




Colombia




Danmark




Deutschland




Ecuador




España




France




India




Indonesia




Italia




Malaysia




México




Nederland




New Zealand




Norge




Perú




Philippines




Polska




Portugal




Singapore




Sri Lanka




Suomi




Sverige




United Kingdom




Uruguay




Việt Nam




Österreich




Ελλάδα




Россия




الإمارات




ประเทศไทย




中国




台灣




日本




香港




대한민국






Scratchpad




Help





Back





Visit Help Center




Travelers


How it Works



Security Center




Homeowners


How it Works



List Your Property



Community



Discovery Hub




Property Managers


List Your Properties





List Your Property



List Your Property














Our
Family of
Brands





HomeAway is the world leader in vacation rentals with over 1 million listings. We offer the largest selection of properties for any travel occasion and every budget. We're committed to helping families and friends find a perfect vacation rental to create unforgettable travel experiences together.

Learn More










New Braunfels, TX, USA
We found 826 vacation rentals — enter your dates for availability
New Braunfels, TX, USA
Search
Where
Magnifier
circle
x
Check In
Check Out
Guests
You are here:
Home
United States
Texas
Comal County
New Braunfels
Discover your favorite property type
Houses
Enjoy comfort for the whole family.
View 433 houses
Condos
Take a hip retreat to the heart of it all.
View 210 condos
Cabins
Escape to nature's peace and quiet.
View 67 cabins
Cottages
Unwind in unforgettable charm.
View 38 cottages
Find the best place to stay — New Braunfels
2 BR
•
2 BA
•
Sleeps 6
$155 avg/night
5 BR
•
3 BA
•
Sleeps 14
$357 avg/night
4 BR
•
3 BA
•
Sleeps 11
$460 avg/night
6 BR
•
3 BA
•
Sleeps 18
$921 avg/night
1 BR
•
1 BA
•
Sleeps 4
$145 avg/night
4 BR
•
3 BA
•
Sleeps 12
$350 avg/night
Search 826 vacation rentals
Explore
Find the perfect place from the worlds best selection of vacation rentals on HomeAway.
Book
Safer and more secure when you pay and book online through HomeAway.
Enjoy
Enjoy more space and more privacy of an entire vacation home.
Riverfront Rental Houses in New Braunfels

Just west of San Antonio and Austin lies the section of central Texas where New Braunfels is located. It's known as
Texas Hill Country
, and it was settled by German immigrants in the mid-19th century. Today, visitors flock to the region to enjoy its natural beauty, to take advantage of its plentiful opportunities for water recreation, and to explore small Texas towns where residents remain proud of the German culture of their forefathers. Many houses and condos in New Braunfels are located close to or directly on one of two rivers that flow through town, so it's common for rentals to include a view of the water along with cable television service, internet access, a fireplace, a washing machine, and a deck equipped with a grill.

Family Attractions

Schlitterbahn Water Park

With water attractions and rides suitable for all ages, Schlitterbahn offers 70 acres of pools, slides, tube chutes and rivers of every kind, from pulse-pounding to gentle and relaxing.

Natural Bridge Wildlife Ranch

The ranch is home to many non-indigenous and endangered species including zebras, giraffes and ostriches. Animals can be seen and fed in the petting areas or while on a safari ride through the property.

Outdoor Activities

Natural Bridge Caverns

Several options are available for exploring this system of underground caverns including tours focusing on spelunking or on exploration of hidden passages. The facility also offers zip-lining and a large outdoor maze challenge.

Rivers and Canyon Lake

The Guadalupe River flows through
Canyon Lake
on its way to New Braunfels where the Comal River joins it as a tributary. It's no surprise, then, that water activities are a big draw; the lake offers fishing, boating and swimming, and there is tubing, paddle-boarding, canoeing, kayaking and rafting on both rivers.

Historic Landmarks

Although
Gruene
started out as a separate town in the 1870s, the Gruene Historic District is now within New Braunfels city limits. Part of the National Register of Historic Places, the district is home to a collection of carefully restored 19th century buildings which include Gruene Hall, an old-fashioned Texas dance hall featuring live country music, and Gruene Mansion, now a bed and breakfast inn. Antique-hunting and wine tasting are popular pastimes here.

Golf

Landa Park in New Braunfels has a recently renovated 18 hole public course situated along the Comal River bank. Golfers enjoy scenic views and often spot wildlife such as deer.

Best Season to Go

Wintertime highs in Texas Hill Country are usually in the 50s, and it does occasionally dip below freezing. Summer highs can reach up in to the 100s. There is precipitation all year, with the largest amount of rainfall taking place in May and June. However, the hot weather offers a great excuse to cool off with a dip in the river, and the cold weather perfectly suits the holiday decorations that go up on downtown streets. Spring is very attractive, as it is wildflower season, and fall is when the ever popular New Braunfels Wurstfest is held. This is a 10 day celebration that includes plenty of German sausage and beer as well as carnival rides, dancing, music and games.

Getting There

New Braunfels lies along Interstate 35 between Austin and San Antonio and can be reached by flying into either city's airport. San Antonio International Airport is closer; it has both rental car agencies and shared shuttle service. Taxi cabs pick up fares outside the baggage claim area. Private limousines and town cars can also be booked, and ride share drivers from Uber and Lyft are permitted to travel onto airport property to pick up passengers.


Attractions In and Around New Braunfels (and vicinity)
Have time to spare and looking for things to do around New Braunfels (and vicinity)? Local attractions include Schlitterbahn New Braunfels Waterpark and Resort, Animal World and Snake Farm Zoo and Texas Ski Ranch. Don’t miss landmarks such as Brauntex Theatre and New Braunfels Conservation Society and unique cultural highlights like McKenna Children's Museum and Museum Of Texas Handmade Furniture. If some outdoor time is on the agenda, experience the natural beauty of Prince Solms Park, Landa Park and Comal Park.
You could easily spend a day shopping at San Marcos Premium Outlets and New Braunfels MarketPlace. Other things to do while in town include a visit to Gruene Hall, Canyon Lake and Central Texas Oil Patch Museum.
New Braunfels
vacation rentals
Gruene
Gruene Hall
Comal River
Landa Park
Mountain Breeze Campground
New Braunfels MarketPlace
Faust Street Bridge
Museum Of Texas Handmade Furniture
Schlitterbahn Waterpark
Canyon Lake Event Center
Brauntex Theatre
Animal World and Snake Farm Zoo
Prince Solms Park
Christus Santa Rosa Hospital New Braunfels
New Braunfels Conservation Society
Texas Ski Ranch
Austin
San Antonio

















Explore HomeAway





List Your Property

How It Works

Find A Rental

Security Center

Get Help

Travel Ideas







Company

Media Center

Affiliates

Partner Platform

Investors

Careers

Blog

Product News







Get the HomeAway and VRBO Mobile App












Meet the HomeAway family
Insider guide provided by






























































































Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the HomeAway.com
Terms and Conditions
and
Privacy Policy
.

©2006-Present HomeAway.com, Inc. All rights reserved.






















