

Hilton Head Island, SC, USA Vacation rentals | HomeAway























United States






Back






United States




Argentina




Australia




Brasil




Canada




Chile




Colombia




Danmark




Deutschland




Ecuador




España




France




India




Indonesia




Italia




Malaysia




México




Nederland




New Zealand




Norge




Perú




Philippines




Polska




Portugal




Singapore




Sri Lanka




Suomi




Sverige




United Kingdom




Uruguay




Việt Nam




Österreich




Ελλάδα




Россия




الإمارات




ประเทศไทย




中国




台灣




日本




香港




대한민국






Scratchpad




Help





Back





Visit Help Center




Travelers


How it Works



Security Center




Homeowners


How it Works



List Your Property



Community



Discovery Hub




Property Managers


List Your Properties





List Your Property



List Your Property














Our
Family of
Brands





HomeAway is the world leader in vacation rentals with over 1 million listings. We offer the largest selection of properties for any travel occasion and every budget. We're committed to helping families and friends find a perfect vacation rental to create unforgettable travel experiences together.

Learn More










Hilton Head Island, SC, USA
We found 6,831 vacation rentals — enter your dates for availability
Hilton Head Island, SC, USA
Search
Where
Magnifier
circle
x
Check In
Check Out
Guests
You are here:
Home
United States
South Carolina
Beaufort County
Hilton Head Island
Discover your favorite property type
Houses
Enjoy comfort for the whole family.
View 2,228 houses
Condos
Take a hip retreat to the heart of it all.
View 1,922 condos
Villas
Experience luxurious and inspiring places.
View 1,899 villas
Townhomes
Live like a local near areas you love.
View 356 townhomes
Cottages
Unwind in unforgettable charm.
View 199 cottages
Apartments
Get the local proximity and privacy you need.
View 67 apartments
Resorts
Kick back and relax with the perfect amenities.
View 44 resorts
Find the best place to stay — Hilton Head Island
6 BR
•
6 BA
•
Sleeps 14
$571 avg/night
1 BR
•
1 BA
•
Sleeps 2
$200 avg/night
Studio
•
1 BA
•
Sleeps 2
$93 avg/night
4 BR
•
4 BA
•
Sleeps 10
$282 avg/night
4 BR
•
3 BA
•
Sleeps 8
$257 avg/night
2 BR
•
2 BA
•
Sleeps 6
$131 avg/night
Search 6,831 vacation rentals
Explore
Find the perfect place from the worlds best selection of vacation rentals on HomeAway.
Book
Safer and more secure when you pay and book online through HomeAway.
Enjoy
Enjoy more space and more privacy of an entire vacation home.
Enjoy a Relaxing Villa in Hilton Head, SC

Sunny and warm Hilton Head, SC, is a popular destination for many families seeking a weekend or weeklong vacation on the shores of the Atlantic Ocean. Common Hilton Head accommodations include villas, condos and town homes. These properties feature amenities such as outdoor swimming pools, full-size kitchens, laundry rooms and patios. Most of these properties also have central air conditioning, ceiling fans and soaking bathtubs for your comfort.

Beaches

Many of the vacation properties in Hilton Head are located on the beach or have direct access onto the city's gated beaches. Popular public beaches that are family-friendly include Alder Lane, Burkes Beach and Daufuskie Island Beach. Some visitors use them to enjoy a game of beach volleyball or Frisbee while families with younger kids enjoy building sandcastles. The beaches are wide, and many have lifeguards on duty.

Daufuskie Island Beach

Roomy Hilton Head vacation villasallow you to bring the whole family and enjoy the spacious accommodations. Your travel party will enjoy the extra space after a busy day exploring the natural beaches of Daufuskie Island. At Daufuskie Island, you can check out the former working plantations and explore some of South Carolina's cultural history. The secluded beaches of this island are extensive and offer clean, glistening sand studded with beautiful seashells.

Golf

Hilton Head is known around the globe for its world-class golf courses, such as the exclusive George Fazio Golf Course, Golf Club at Indigo Run and Harbor Town Golf Links. These public golf courses do not require a membership. Visitors staying at rentals in the area are welcome to schedule a tee time for a party of one or more.

George Fazio Golf Course

Featuring a large central lagoon, this golf course is surrounded by private villa rentals with spectacular views of the greens. The George Fazio Golf Course allows you to play a full game of 18 holes and then relax in the clubhouse for a refreshing lunch and cool beverage. Carts are required on the golf course, and reservations are recommended so that you can get the tee-off time you desire.

Parks and Outdoor Activities

Hilton Head is home to many expansive public parks with amenities such as restrooms, basketball courts and fire pits. Most parks have picnic tables as well. Some of the city's most popular parks include Islanders Beach Park, Shelter Cove Community Park and Jarvis Creek Park.

Jarvis Creek Park

At Jarvis Creek Park, your whole family can spend an entire day enjoying outdoor activities such as hiking, fishing and swimming. The park features a freshwater pond for catch and release fishing as well as a boat dock so you can take a canoe out onto the water. The park has picnicking facilities for enjoying a packed lunch. A large playground and natural grass meadow give young children plenty of space to play in. Teenagers and adults may use the expansive green space for a game of disc golf or catch. A paved trail encircles the park and is ideal for walking, running and biking.

Weather

Hilton Head enjoys mild weather, with summertime highs in the upper 80s and water temperatures in the mid-80s. Wintertime high temperatures are in the mid-60s. May and June are the best times to visit for mild weather and warm water.

How to Get There

To get to Hilton Head, SC, you can use a private car or get a rental car. Savannah/Hilton Head International Airport (SAV) offers commercial airline service from multiple destinations. For those that live a little closer, Greyhound has bus service from numerous nearby cities.

Attractions In and Around Hilton Head (and vicinity)
Have time to spare and looking for things to do around Hilton Head (and vicinity)? If some outdoor time is on the agenda, soak up some sun at Singleton Beach and Coligny Beach or experience the natural beauty of Driessen Beach Park and Newhall Audubon Preserve.
Fun activities in the city include Melrose Golf Course, Golden Bear Golf Club and Country Club of Hilton Head. Other places to visit in town include Palmetto Hall Plantation Club, Oyster Bay Golf Club and The Golf Courses of Palmetto Dunes.
Hilton Head Island
vacation rentals
Sea Pines
Palmetto Dunes
North Forest Beach
Shipyard Plantation
South Forest Beach
Hilton Head Beach & Tennis Resort
Forest Beach
Hilton Head Resort
Seaside Villas
Villamare
Hilton Head Beach Villas
Folly Field
Harbour Town
Huntington Villas
Coligny Beach
Fiddler's Cove
Monarch at Sea Pines
The Breakers

















Explore HomeAway





List Your Property

How It Works

Find A Rental

Security Center

Get Help

Travel Ideas







Company

Media Center

Affiliates

Partner Platform

Investors

Careers

Blog

Product News







Get the HomeAway and VRBO Mobile App












Meet the HomeAway family
Insider guide provided by






























































































Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the HomeAway.com
Terms and Conditions
and
Privacy Policy
.

©2006-Present HomeAway.com, Inc. All rights reserved.






















