

Fredericksburg, TX, USA Vacation rentals | HomeAway























United States






Back






United States




Argentina




Australia




Brasil




Canada




Chile




Colombia




Danmark




Deutschland




Ecuador




España




France




India




Indonesia




Italia




Malaysia




México




Nederland




New Zealand




Norge




Perú




Philippines




Polska




Portugal




Singapore




Sri Lanka




Suomi




Sverige




United Kingdom




Uruguay




Việt Nam




Österreich




Ελλάδα




Россия




الإمارات




ประเทศไทย




中国




台灣




日本




香港




대한민국






Scratchpad




Help





Back





Visit Help Center




Travelers


How it Works



Security Center




Homeowners


How it Works



List Your Property



Community



Discovery Hub




Property Managers


List Your Properties





List Your Property



List Your Property














Our
Family of
Brands





HomeAway is the world leader in vacation rentals with over 1 million listings. We offer the largest selection of properties for any travel occasion and every budget. We're committed to helping families and friends find a perfect vacation rental to create unforgettable travel experiences together.

Learn More










Fredericksburg, TX, USA
We found 665 vacation rentals — enter your dates for availability
Fredericksburg, TX, USA
Search
Where
Magnifier
circle
x
Check In
Check Out
Guests
You are here:
Home
United States
Texas
Gillespie County
Fredericksburg
Discover your favorite property type
Houses
Enjoy comfort for the whole family.
View 247 houses
Cabins
Escape to nature's peace and quiet.
View 144 cabins
Cottages
Unwind in unforgettable charm.
View 94 cottages
Apartments
Get the local proximity and privacy you need.
View 62 apartments
Find the best place to stay — Fredericksburg
3 BR
•
3 BA
•
Sleeps 8
$301 avg/night
4 BR
•
2 BA
•
Sleeps 10
$440 avg/night
1 BR
•
1 BA
•
Sleeps 3
$175 avg/night
1 BR
•
1 BA
•
Sleeps 2
$177 avg/night
2 BR
•
2 BA
•
Sleeps 5
$144 avg/night
1 BR
•
1 BA
•
Sleeps 4
$207 avg/night
Search 665 vacation rentals
Explore
Find the perfect place from the worlds best selection of vacation rentals on HomeAway.
Book
Safer and more secure when you pay and book online through HomeAway.
Enjoy
Enjoy more space and more privacy of an entire vacation home.
Fredericksburg: A Little Bit of Germany in Texas

Discover the charming German settlement of Fredericksburg. Known for its outstanding peaches, Fredericksburg is nestled in the heart of the
Texas Hill Country
. This lively village offers a host of activities to appeal to all ages. Whether you are looking for a romantic get-away, a girls’ weekend or a large family reunion, Fredericksburg has a variety of homes and cottages to choose from. With a myriad of things to do and see in an idyllic setting, Fredericksburg is perfect for a family vacation or weekend getaway.

Shopping

Stroll down Main Street in Fredericksburg for a shopping experience like no other.  Lined with over 150 unique shops and boutiques, whatever your heart desires, you can find it on Main Street. Fashion, jewelry, home décor, specialty foods, antiques, western wear, you can find it all in Fredericksburg. If bargain hunting is more your style, Fredericksburg Trade Days occurs on the third weekend of each month from March through December. Homes and cottages are available with easy access to all the action in Fredericksburg.

Art

Named one of the “Top Five Art Towns” by Southwest Art Magazine in 2004, Fredericksburg features a number of eclectic and sophisticated art galleries ranging from traditional to modern.  The galleries offer a First Friday Art Walk on the first Friday of each month, where the galleries stay open late for art viewing and appreciation.

Nature

The Enchanted Rock Nature Area features a pink granite dome estimated to be one billion years old. Climb the 400 feet to the top to enjoy a spectacular view of the hill country area. The area includes a series of hiking, from an easy stroll to challenging.

The Butterfly Haus is located in a historic house on Main Street and features hundreds of species of native butterflies amongst native Texas plants.

Wildseed Farms is a real working wildflower farm with over 200 acres of wildflowers. Along with the wildflower seeds, they offer an assortment of locally made jams, jellies, salsas and marinades and even have a beer garden on the property.

Museums

Pioneer Museum depicts the history and heritage of the settlement of Fredericksburg and the Texas Hill Country by German immigrants.

The massive Natural Museum of the Pacific showcases World War II history, featuring memorabilia and war relics along with displays and interactive exhibits. The museum also features live re-enactments. The Nimitz Museum, named after Fredericksburg native, Admiral Chester Nimitz, is next to the larger museum.

Wine Tours

Visit the Texas wineries lining both sides of Highway 290 for a countryside rivaling the wine regions of Central Italy and French Rhone Valley. Each winery is unique and features tasting rooms and tours.

Major Events

The Hill Country Film Festival is held in late April each year.
The Fredericksburg Crawfish Festival happens annually over the Memorial Day Weekend
The Gillespie County Fair, the oldest continuous county fair in Texas, is held in August.
The Fredericksburg Food and Wine Fest happens in October every year.


Weather

Fredericksburg enjoys mild winters and hot summers. Temperatures range from 82 degrees in the summer to 49 degrees in the winter.  Fredericksburg’s mild climate makes it an ideal year round destination.

How to Get There

Fredericksburg is centrally located in the
Texas
Hill Country, 78 miles west of Austin and 70 miles northwest of San Antonio. Fly to San Antonio or Austin and drive into Fredericksburg. Car rentals are available at both airports and in Fredericksburg. Greyhound bus transportation is also available in Fredericksburg.


Attractions In and Around Fredericksburg (and vicinity)
Looking for things to do while you’re in Fredericksburg (and vicinity)? Don’t miss landmarks such as Holy Ghost Lutheran Church and St. Mary's Catholic Church and unique cultural highlights like Allman Art Gallery and National Museum of the Pacific War. If some outdoor time is on the agenda, experience the natural beauty of Cross Mountain Park, Vista Loop Trail and Live Oak Wilderness Trail.
Fun activities in the city include Fredericksburg Winery, Rancho Ponte Vineyard and Torre Di Pietra Vineyards. Other things to do while in town include a visit to Vereins Kirche Museum, Pioneer Museum and Fort Martin Scott Historic Site.
Fredericksburg
vacation rentals
Fredericksburg Winery
Hill Country Miniatures Museum
Live Oak Wilderness Trail
Vista Loop Trail
Chisholm Trail Winery
Lady Bird Johnson Municipal Park
National Museum of the Pacific War
Rancho Ponte Vineyard
Artisans At Rocky Hill
Lady Bird Johnson Golf Course
St. Mary's Catholic Church
Holy Ghost Lutheran Church
Old Tunnel Wildlife Management Area
Fort Martin Scott Historic Site
Whistle Pik Galleries
Cross Mountain Park
Becker Vineyards
Vereins Kirche Museum

















Explore HomeAway





List Your Property

How It Works

Find A Rental

Security Center

Get Help

Travel Ideas







Company

Media Center

Affiliates

Partner Platform

Investors

Careers

Blog

Product News







Get the HomeAway and VRBO Mobile App












Meet the HomeAway family
Insider guide provided by






























































































Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the HomeAway.com
Terms and Conditions
and
Privacy Policy
.

©2006-Present HomeAway.com, Inc. All rights reserved.






















