
Travel by Interest | Hotel Travel Tips






Home

Travel Interests

Travel Guides

Blog

Hotels Tips





Find the Best Hotels
according to your Travel Interest



Select your Travel Interest

Gay

Food

Luxury

Wellness






Search









gay




food




luxury




wellness






All Travel Guides

Gay Guides

Food Guides

Luxury Guides

Wellness Guides







Previous Slide
◀︎

Next Slide
▶︎






Senses Luxury Villas & Suites

The 1 Bedroom Maisonette with Sea View is ideal for gay couples spreading over 2 floors, featuring, among others a bathroom with a traditional built shower, a fully equipped kitchen, and a living room





Senses Luxury Villas & Suites


READ REVIEW






Sireeampan Boutique Resort & Spa

Chiang Mai’s well-known Gay Sauna ‘House of Male’, is a great place to meet local guys, and is located just 3km away from Sireeampan.





Sireeampan Boutique Resort & Spa


READ REVIEW






Zash Country Boutique Hotel

There is a swimming pool in the gardens of the hotel, completely surrounded by green, which has very beautiful views of the Italian countryside





Zash Country Boutique Hotel


READ REVIEW






Minos Beach Art Hotel

The treatments and therapies at “Ananea Spa” are named after other Greek island such as Rhodes, Kos, Paros, Anafi, Patmos, Kalymnos, Kea, etc





Minos Beach Art Hotel


READ REVIEW










Hotel Travel tips for Gay travellers, Foodies, Luxury enthusiasts and Wellness lovers

Hotel Travel tips for Gay travellers, Foodies, Luxury enthusiasts and Wellness lovers about the latest elegant boutique hotels, beach resorts, and city hotels around the world!



HOTELS WE LOVE







Palacio da Lousa  Boutique Hotel






Palacio da Lousa  Boutique Hotel



You can dine at the hotel's restaurant, A Viscondessa, serving Portuguese and International cuis...








The Brehon & Angsana Spa






The Brehon & Angsana Spa



The Spa features also a Gym, where you can keep up with your daily workout routine.








Alta Vista Suites






Alta Vista Suites



The Alta Vista Honeymoon suites are recommended for gay honeymooners and couples, featuring a cliff...








NJV Athens Plaza






NJV Athens Plaza



The hotel is located in the historic Syntagma Square, which means that you are literally within a wa...





FRESH TO READ


Loading Hotels






Diamond Resort Naxos-Taormina






Diamond Resort Naxos-Taormina



Diamond Resort Naxos is a luxury resort in Taormina, Sicily, located just a few hundred meters away...








Marbella Nido Suite Hotel & Villas






Marbella Nido Suite Hotel & Villas



Marbella Nido Suite Hotel & Villas is an adults-only suite hotel Corfu’s lush gardens and the da...








Resort Collina d' Oro






Resort Collina d' Oro



Overlooking the enchanting lake Lugano, the Resort Collina d'Oro is situated in a charming location...








THE NAI HARN






THE NAI HARN



Phuket’s first luxury resort, The Nai Harn, welcomes travellers from all over the world to a beachfr...








Hôtel de la Cigogne






Hôtel de la Cigogne



Hôtel de la Cigogne is a luxury and elegant hotel in Geneva situated between the lake Leman and the...








Badrutts Palace Hotel






Badrutts Palace Hotel



This historic luxury hotel is situated in St. Moritz - a beloved destination for winter and skiing h...








Torri E Merli






Torri E Merli



Meaning turrets and crenellations, Torri e Merli was built in 1750 and is one of the few remaining f...








Anantara Riverside Bangkok Resort






Anantara Riverside Bangkok Resort



With ten dining options, the resort’s restaurants is sure to satisfy even the most discerning palate...








Villa Dimi






Villa Dimi



Located in Kalathas, Chania, Villa Dimi is a spacious 300s.m. villa within a plot of 2000...







Previous

1

2

3


43

44

45

Next








SUBSCRIBE




Submit


















Home





THE TRAVEL INTERESTS


Gay Travel

Food Travel

Luxury Travel

Wellness Travel





THE TRAVEL GUIDES


All Guides

Gay Travel Guides

Food Travel Guides

Luxury Travel Guides

Wellness Travel Guides





THE TRAVEL ARTICLES


Blog





THE BUSINESS TOOLS


Hotelier Academy

Register Your Property













©
        2017. All rights reserved.
All content in this website (like texts, images, articles) belongs to Destsetters and/or its partners and can not be republished without a written permission.













