
Where to Stay in Boracay & Things to Do






Home

Travel Interests

Travel Guides

Blog

Hotels Tips





Find the Best Hotels
according to your Travel Interest



Select your Travel Interest

Gay

Food

Luxury

Wellness






Search









gay




food




luxury




wellness






All Travel Guides

Gay Guides

Food Guides

Luxury Guides

Wellness Guides





You are here
Asia
Philippines
Visayas
Panay Island
Aklan Province
Boracay

Boracay Luxury Guide

A guide to help you find the best hotels & places in Boracay for Luxury Travellers















Photos










Hotels on Map


Read More in our Blog












Boracay Island, Philippines Travel 2018


Where to Stay in Boracay:
Particularly popular for its beautiful beaches with blue waters & white sand, Boracay is among the best islands to spend your luxurious holidays in one of its spectacular boutique hotels by the beach and stunning resorts with spa and dining facilities!
Things to Do in Boracay:
Sandy beaches welcome you to enjoy sunbathing, swimming, and beach activities, while the island's rich marine life and amazing diving sites make snorkelling and scuba diving the most popular activities in Boracay!



Luxury Travel Tips



The peak season in Boracay is considered to be from November to May with temperatures ranging from 25 C degrees to 32 C degrees.




Boracay has two shopping malls, D'Mall and E Mall, which are both great to visit if you want to buy souvenirs and local handicrafts.




A good collection of restaurants in Boracay await to introduce you to the flavors and dishes of Philippine cuisine! Some popular fine-dining restaurants are Fridays Boracay Restaurant, Sea Gaia Sushi Bar Tsukiji, and Damiana's.






Reveal all Tips





Finding your Beach Hotel in Boracay!

Being a popular destination for beach holidays, staying in an oceanfront hotel in Boracay is essential! Boutique hotels by the beach and luxury resorts with advanced wellness facilities and excellent dining options await to host your dream holidays in Boracay!
Find your best hotel in Boracay below:


See All Hotels




Travel Info


IDEAL FOR


Snorkelling & Scuba Diving
Water Sports
Beach Holidays




GET THERE


By Boat
By Ferry
By Air




LOCATION


Exotic Island




PUBLIC TRANSPORT


Buses






Best Places to Have Fun in Boracay


Even though Boracay is a beach holiday destination, apart from water activities and beach bars, you will also find fine-dining restaurants, food markets, and shopping areas.  Find below the best places in Boracay to have fun and create memorable experiences!













Sights you should not miss in Boracay!


Boracay's most popular sights couldn't but be its spectacular beaches along with its incredible diving spots! All along White Beach you will find Dive Centers with almost same prices, so choose the one that you will feel most comfortable with.





























Get The Deal













Top {{tophotels.length}} Hotels in Boracay


Go to the Hotel List















×






















Home





THE TRAVEL INTERESTS


Gay Travel

Food Travel

Luxury Travel

Wellness Travel





THE TRAVEL GUIDES


All Guides

Gay Travel Guides

Food Travel Guides

Luxury Travel Guides

Wellness Travel Guides





THE TRAVEL ARTICLES


Blog





THE BUSINESS TOOLS


Hotelier Academy

Register Your Property













©
        2017. All rights reserved.
All content in this website (like texts, images, articles) belongs to Destsetters and/or its partners and can not be republished without a written permission.














