





Booking Terms
































Home

Find an Expert

Manage My Booking

Careers

Contact Us



Call 0800 810 8368
















Flight and Hotel

Hotel Only








Destination




Select a Destination



Ibiza

Majorca

Menorca



All Bulgaria

Bulgarian Riviera North Varna

Bulgarian Riviera South Burgas



Fuerteventura

Gran Canaria

Lanzarote

Tenerife



Dubrovnik



Cyprus Resorts

Cyprus Villas



Prague



Athens

Corfu

Crete

Halkidiki

Kefalonia

Kos

Mykonos

Peloponnese

Rhodes

Santorini

Skiathos

Thessaloniki City

Zakynthos



Cork

Dublin



Amalfi Coast

Capri

Florence

Gulf of Naples

Italian Lakes Upper & Lake Garda

Milan

Pisa

Rome

Sardinia Cagliari

Sardinia Olbia

Venice



Malta Resorts



Acapulco

Cancun

Hautulco

Ixtapa Zihuatanejo

Puerto Vallarta



Agadir

Fez

Marrakech



Algarve

Madeira



Barcelona

Costa Blanca / Benidorm

Costa Brava

Costa De Almeria

Costa Del Sol

Costa Dorada



Antigua

Bahamas

Barbados

Cayman Islands

Cuba

Cuba Cayo Coco

Cuba Holguin

Cuba Varadero

Dominican Republic Puerto Plata

Dominican Republic Punta Cana

Grenada

Jamaica

Martinique

St Lucia

St Vincent and the Grenadines

Tobago

Turks and Caicos Islands



* All Turkey

Antalya

Bodrum

Dalaman

Istanbul

Izmir



Abu Dhabi

Dubai



Channel Islands

England

Northern Ireland

Scotland

Wales



California Los Angeles

California Palm Springs

California San Diego

California San Francisco

Florida Miami

Florida Orlando

Florida Tampa

Illinois Chicago

Louisiana New Orleans

Nevada Las Vegas

New York








Resort



---select---







Depart From



Any London Airports

Any Midland Airport

Any Scotland Airport


Bournemouth (BOH)

Bristol (BRS)

East Midlands (EMA)

London Gatwick (LGW)

London Heathrow (LHR)

London Luton (LTN)

London Southend (SEN)

London Stansted (STN)

Manchester (MAN)







Depart Date








Nights



7 Nights

10 Nights

14 Nights

21 Nights

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

28

29

30

31







Rooms















Rooms:










Adults:




























Close



More Options




Board Basis







Rating







Flight Class



Economy

Premium Economy

Business

First class

Any Class





Flexibility



0 Days

+/- 1 Day

+/- 2 Days

+/- 3 Days





















Booking Terms and Conditions

Except where otherwise specified, we act only as an agent or sub-agent in respect of all bookings we take and/or make on your behalf. We are a member of The Midcounties 
Co-operative Limited Consortium, ABTA No. P6938. We act either as an agent for Midcounties where they are the supplier of your arrangements, or as sub-agent for Midcounties 
where Midcounties sells arrangements on behalf of other suppliers.

We accept no liability in relation to any contract you enter into or for any services or arrangements 
you purchase (“arrangements”) or for the acts or omissions of any supplier(s) or other person(s) or party(ies) connected with any arrangements. For all arrangements, 
your contract will be with the supplier of the arrangements in question (the ‘supplier(s)’).

When making your booking we will arrange for you to enter into a contract with 
the applicable supplier(s) of the arrangements. Your booking with us is subject to these Agency Terms and Conditions and the specific booking conditions of the relevant 
supplier(s) you contract with and you are advised to read both carefully prior to booking. The supplier’s terms and conditions may limit and/or exclude the supplier’s 
liability to you. Copies of applicable conditions are available on request from us.

You may decide to make one or more bookings with us at the same time. The price charged in total for more than one booking will always equal the prices charged separately 
for each individual booking. All arrangements are available to be purchased separately at the same price as they are when more than one booking is made. This means 
that any multiple bookings do not constitute a package as defined in the Package Travel, Package Holidays and Package Tours Regulations 1992 nor the Civil Aviation 
(Air Travel Organisers’ Licensing) Regulations 2012.

Booking and payment

When you make a booking you guarantee that you have the authority to accept and do accept on behalf of your party these booking conditions. In order to 
confirm your chosen arrangements, you must pay a deposit as required by the supplier of the arrangements in question (or full payment if requested at the time 
of booking).
You must also pay all applicable insurance premiums and booking fees. Your booking is confirmed and a contract between you and the supplier will 
exist when we send you confirmation on their behalf. If your confirmed arrangements include a flight, we (or the supplier) will also issue you with an ATOL Certificate. 
Please check your confirmation and ATOL Certificate carefully and report any incorrect or incomplete information to us immediately.

Please ensure that names are exactly 
as stated in the relevant passport. As we act only as booking agent, we have no responsibility for any errors in any documentation except where an error is made by us.

If you have paid a deposit, you must pay the full balance by the balance due date notified to you. If full payment is not received by the balance due date, we will 
notify the supplier who may cancel your booking and charge the cancellation fees set out in their booking conditions. Except where otherwise advised or stated in the 
booking conditions of the supplier concerned, all monies you pay to us for arrangements will be held on behalf of the supplier(s) concerned, with the exception of bookings 
covered by an ATOL. Any money paid to us in respect of a booking covered by an ATOL is held by us on behalf of and for the benefit of the Trustees of the Air Travel 
Trust at all times, but subject to our obligation to pay it to the ATOL Holder for so long as the ATOL Holder does not fail financially. If the ATOL Holder does fail 
financially, any money held at that time by us or subsequently accepted from the consumer by us, is and continues to be held by us on behalf of and for the benefit of 
the Trustees of the Air Travel Trust without any obligation to pay that money to the ATOL Holder.

Accuracy of Prices

We reserve the right to amend advertised prices at any time. We also reserve the right to correct errors in both advertised and confirmed prices. 
Special note: changes and errors sometimes occur. You must check the price of your chosen arrangements at the time of booking.

Insurance

You are strongly recommended to take out personal travel insurance for all members of your party. Some suppliers require that you do so. 
It is your responsibility to ensure that the insurance you purchase is adequate and appropriate for your particular needs. Please read your 
policy details on receipt and take them with you on holiday.

Special requests

If you have any special requests (for example dietary requirements, cots or room location), 
please let us know at the time of booking. We will pass on all such requests to the supplier, 
but we can’t guarantee that they will be met and we will have no liability to you if they are not.

Changes and Cancellations by you

Any cancellation or amendment request must be made by the lead name and sent to us in writing, by email or post, and will 
take effect on the day we receive it. Proof of posting is not proof of receipt, therefore you are advised to also confirm all 
changes by telephone. Please ensure that you have received written confirmation of any changes to your booking prior to travel.

Whilst we will try to assist, we cannot guarantee that such requests will be met. Amendments and cancellations can only be accepted 
in accordance with the terms and conditions of the supplier of your arrangements. The supplier may charge the cancellation or amendment 
charges shown in their booking conditions (which may be as much as100% of the cost of the travel arrangements and will normally increase 
closer to the date of departure).

In addition you must pay us an administration fee of £25 per person.
Most scheduled airlines do not allow changes, and therefore full cancellation charges will usually apply. Most ‘no frills’ 
airlines have cancellation charges of 100% from time of booking.

Changes and Cancellations by the Supplier

We will inform you as soon as reasonably possible if the supplier needs to make a significant change to your confirmed arrangements or to cancel them. 
We will also liaise between you and the supplier in relation to any alternative arrangements offered by the supplier but we will have no further liability to you.

Our responsibility for your booking

Your contract is with the supplier and its booking conditions apply. As agent, we accept no responsibility for the actual provision of the arrangements. 
Our responsibilities are limited to making the booking in accordance with your instructions. We accept no responsibility for any information about the arrangements 
that we pass on to you in good faith.

However, in the event that we are found liable to you on any basis whatsoever, our maximum liability to you is limited to twice 
the cost of your booking (or the appropriate proportion of this if not everyone on the booking is affected). We do not exclude or limit any liability for death or 
personal injury that arises as a result of our negligence or that of any of our employees whilst acting in the course of their employment.

Financial Protection

Many of the flights and flight-inclusive holidays in this brochure/on our website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme. 
But ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed in this brochure/on this website. Please ask us to confirm what 
protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected.

If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. 
Please see the supplier’s booking conditions for information or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to
www.atol.org.uk/ATOLCertificate
.

Visa, passport and health requirements

Unless you tell us otherwise, we are entitled to assume that all members of your party are British citizens who hold or will hold full 
British passports valid for the entire duration of the arrangements you chose to purchase. Information on visa, passport and health requirements, 
where given and applicable, is so given on this basis.

Requirements may change and you are therefore strongly recommended to check the up to date 
position with the supplier of the arrangements, Passport Office, appropriate embassy or consulate or your doctor as applicable in good time before departure.

Accommodation Ratings and Standards

All ratings are as provided by the relevant supplier. These are intended to give a guide to the services and facilities you should expect from your accommodation. 
Standards and ratings may vary between countries, as well as between suppliers. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of any ratings given.

Complaints

Because the contract for your arrangements is between you and the supplier, any queries or concerns should be addressed to them. If you have a problem whilst on holiday, 
this must be reported to the supplier or their agent immediately. If you fail to follow this procedure there will be less opportunity for the supplier to investigate 
and rectify your complaint.

The amount of compensation you may be entitled to may therefore be reduced or extinguished as a result. If you wish to complain when you return home, 
write to us. You will see our name and contact details in any confirmation documents we send you.

If the matter cannot be resolved and it involves us or another ABTA member then 
you have the option to use ABTA’s ADR scheme, approved by the Chartered Trading Standards Institute. See clause 15 and
www.abta.com

Law and Jurisdiction

These terms of business are governed by English law and the courts of England and Wales have jurisdiction,
(unless you live in Scotland or Northern Ireland, in which case you can bring proceedings in your local court under Scottish or Northern Irish law, as applicable.)

Documentation & Information

All descriptions and content on our website or otherwise issued by us is done so on behalf of the supplier(s) in question are intended 
to present a general idea of the services provided by the supplier(s) in question. Not all details of the relevant services can be included on our website.

All services shown are subject to availability. If you require any further details, in respect of any accommodation or any other services please contact us.

Operating Carrier Information

In accordance with EU directive (EC) no. 2111/2005, Article 9, we are required to bring to your attention the existence of a 
‘Community list’ which contains details of air carriers that are subject to an operating ban within the EU Community. The Community 
list is available for inspection at
http://ec.europa.eu/transport/modes/air/safety/air-ban/index_en.htm
.

In accordance with EU Regulations 
we are required to advise you of the operating carrier(s) (or, if the operating carrier(s) is not known, the likely carrier(s)) that will operate 
your flight(s) at the time of booking.

Where we are only able to inform you of the likely carrier(s) at the time of booking, we will inform you of 
the identity of the operating carrier(s) as soon as we become aware of this. Any change to the operating carrier(s) after your booking has been confirmed 
will be notified to you as soon as possible.

Any change in the identity of the airline, flight timings and/or aircraft type will not entitle you to cancel 
or change to other flight arrangements without paying our normal charges except where specified in the tour operators booking conditions.

ABTA

We are a member of The Midcounties Co-operative Limited, which is a member of ABTA. We are obliged to maintain a high standard of service to you by ABTA’s Code of Conduct. 
We can also offer you ABTA’s scheme for the resolution of disputes which is approved by the Chartered Trading Standards Institute. If we can’t resolve your complaint, 
go to
www.abta.com
to use ABTA’s simple procedure. Further information on the Code and ABTA’s assistance in resolving disputes can be found on
www.abta.com
.





© 2017 Your Holiday Booking.


About Us

Contact Us

Booking Terms

Website Disclaimer

Privacy Policy




Your Financial Protection

Many of the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme. But ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed on this website. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. Please see our booking conditions for information, or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to:
www.atol.org.uk/ATOLCertificate












