





Privacy Policy
































Home

Find an Expert

Manage My Booking

Careers

Contact Us



Call 0800 810 8368
















Flight and Hotel

Hotel Only








Destination




Select a Destination



Ibiza

Majorca

Menorca



All Bulgaria

Bulgarian Riviera North Varna

Bulgarian Riviera South Burgas



Fuerteventura

Gran Canaria

Lanzarote

Tenerife



Dubrovnik



Cyprus Resorts

Cyprus Villas



Prague



Athens

Corfu

Crete

Halkidiki

Kefalonia

Kos

Mykonos

Peloponnese

Rhodes

Santorini

Skiathos

Thessaloniki City

Zakynthos



Cork

Dublin



Amalfi Coast

Capri

Florence

Gulf of Naples

Italian Lakes Upper & Lake Garda

Milan

Pisa

Rome

Sardinia Cagliari

Sardinia Olbia

Venice



Malta Resorts



Acapulco

Cancun

Hautulco

Ixtapa Zihuatanejo

Puerto Vallarta



Agadir

Fez

Marrakech



Algarve

Madeira



Barcelona

Costa Blanca / Benidorm

Costa Brava

Costa De Almeria

Costa Del Sol

Costa Dorada



Antigua

Bahamas

Barbados

Cayman Islands

Cuba

Cuba Cayo Coco

Cuba Holguin

Cuba Varadero

Dominican Republic Puerto Plata

Dominican Republic Punta Cana

Grenada

Jamaica

Martinique

St Lucia

St Vincent and the Grenadines

Tobago

Turks and Caicos Islands



* All Turkey

Antalya

Bodrum

Dalaman

Istanbul

Izmir



Abu Dhabi

Dubai



Channel Islands

England

Northern Ireland

Scotland

Wales



California Los Angeles

California Palm Springs

California San Diego

California San Francisco

Florida Miami

Florida Orlando

Florida Tampa

Illinois Chicago

Louisiana New Orleans

Nevada Las Vegas

New York








Resort



---select---







Depart From



Any London Airports

Any Midland Airport

Any Scotland Airport


Bournemouth (BOH)

Bristol (BRS)

East Midlands (EMA)

London Gatwick (LGW)

London Heathrow (LHR)

London Luton (LTN)

London Southend (SEN)

London Stansted (STN)

Manchester (MAN)







Depart Date








Nights



7 Nights

10 Nights

14 Nights

21 Nights

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

28

29

30

31







Rooms















Rooms:










Adults:




























Close



More Options




Board Basis







Rating







Flight Class



Economy

Premium Economy

Business

First class

Any Class





Flexibility



0 Days

+/- 1 Day

+/- 2 Days

+/- 3 Days





















Privacy Policy and Information on Cookies

We understand and respect the importance of your privacy. This Privacy Policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or you provide to us, 
will be processed by us. Please read the following information carefully.

For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act), we, instantholidays, are the Data Controller for this website (the “Site”).

Cookies

This Site uses cookies to distinguish you from other users. Some of these cookies are essential to make this Site work properly, to allow you to make your travel booking 
or other purchases, and to enable us to fulfil your purchase requests. Other types of cookie help us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our Site, allow 
us to improve our Site or the way we provide our service to customers, or are used to provide you with information or offers from us, or third parties that may be of interest to you.
You can accept or decline cookies at any time by accessing the preference panels from your browser’s main menu (usually found under ‘Edit’, ‘Tools’ or ‘Options’). However, 
if you choose to remove cookies parts of the Site may not work properly or your use of the Site may be impaired.

PLEASE NOTE
: if you choose to use this Site without declining any non-essential cookies, then your use will constitute implied consent to the non-essential cookies that are set.

Data Protection and Privacy

Information we may collect from you.

We may collect and process the following data about you:


Information that you provide in order to make a travel booking or purchase any other services via this Site

Information you provide in order to enter a competition or promotion via this Site, complete a survey, or if you report a problem with this Site

If we ask you for your contact details for future marketing use, although you have the option to opt-out of such use

Details of transactions you carry out through this Site and of the fulfilment of your bookings

Details of your visits to this Site (including, but not limited to, traffic data and location data) whether this is required for our own purposes or otherwise, 
and the resources that you access

If you contact us, we may keep a record of your email or other correspondence


We use information held about you in the following ways:


To carry out our obligations arising in connection with any contracts entered into between you and us, 
or between you and a third party supplier. The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, 
a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside 
the EEA that work for us or for any of our suppliers (e.g. Airlines, hoteliers, etc.). By submitting your personal 
data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure 
that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy

To ensure that content from our Site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer

To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so

To notify you about changes to our service

To provide you with information and offers that we or selected third parties feel may interest you


If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail or SMS) with information about goods and services similar 
to those which were the subject of a previous sale to you. If you are a new customer, and where we permit selected third parties to use your data, we 
(or they) will contact you by electronic means only if you have consented to this.

If you do not want us to use your data for marketing purposes, or to pass your details on to third parties for marketing purposes, please tick 
the relevant box situated on the form on which we collect your data.

Disclosure of your information

We may disclose your personal information to any member of the Freedom Travel Group, which means the Group’s subsidiaries, the ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, 
as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006, to relevant third parties who will supply the travel arrangements or other services you request, 
to Government bodies and other authorities to whom we are legally obliged to pass your data (e.g. border agencies of countries you intend to visit) 
and to relevant third parties for the purpose of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.

Your rights & Access to your personal data

You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use 
your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. 
You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by ticking/unticking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. 
You can also exercise the right at any time by writing to:

Instant Holidays, 16 Crofts Bank Road, Urmston, Manchester, M41 0TS.

The Data Protection Act 1998 gives you the right to check that your personal data is being processed lawfully (“subject access right”). 
Your subject access right can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any subject access request must be made in writing to the above address, 
and may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of any personal data we hold about you.

Our site contains links to and from the websites of our principals, suppliers, advertisers and other third parties. If you follow a link 
to any of these other websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or 
liability for these policies or for these 3rd party websites. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.

Changes to our privacy policy

We reserve the right to update or alter this Privacy Policy from time to time without notice to you.





© 2017 Your Holiday Booking.


About Us

Contact Us

Booking Terms

Website Disclaimer

Privacy Policy




Your Financial Protection

Many of the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme. But ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed on this website. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. Please see our booking conditions for information, or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to:
www.atol.org.uk/ATOLCertificate












