Cheap Hotel Deals & Discount Hotel Rates at MoreHotels4Less











Book online or call

877-607-2788






menu

Book Online or Call

877-607-2788


Sign Up for Exclusive Deals

Home
Last Minute Hotel Deals
Packages
Flights
Cars
Customer Service
FAQs



Cheap Hotel Deals & Discount Hotel Rates




Going to





Check In


Check Out


Rooms


1 Room
2 Rooms
3 Rooms
4 Rooms
5 Rooms
6 Rooms
7 Rooms
8 Rooms












Find over 350,000
cheap hotels
worldwide!

Save up to 20% on
last minute hotel deals
!

Find
cheap hotel rates
at thousands of hotels!







Las Vegas Hotels




San Francisco Hotels




Chicago Hotels




Atlanta Hotels




New York Hotels




London Hotels




Honolulu Hotels




Orlando Hotels




Denver Hotels




Los Angeles Hotels




Washington DC Hotels




Miami Hotels

Welcome to MoreHotels4Less
Find cheap hotel deals
Looking for cheap hotels for a night? We provide the best hotel deals and make it easy to book hotel room reservations. We offer last minute hotel deals and hotel discounts up to 20% off published hotel rates*. Our simple design and search tools produce fast, relevant hotel information so you can compare hotel prices, rooms, find a free breakfast, parking and wifi.
Whether you're looking for discount hotels in the city, or the luxury of a five-star resort on the beach, MoreHotels4Less can save you money regardless of your budget. So booking extremely cheap hotels, at the lowest rates, has never been easier!
Cheap hotel discounts in the U.S.
MoreHotels4Less makes it easy to find cheap hotel rooms in the United States. Whether you're traveling to the mountains, the city, or a coastline destination, we make it easy to book hotel reservations fast. We offer popular brands such as Best Western, Hyatt, Hilton, Marriott, Sheraton and many others.
No trip is complete until you visit “Sin City”, or the  “The Entertainment Capital of the World”! After you find
cheap hotel rates in Las Vegas
, you may want to venture out and see a Vegas show, try your luck at one of the many casinos, or visit one of the many excellent restaurants. You won’t be disappointed with the glitter and excitement this city has to offer.
As the song implies, you just might want to leave your heart in San Francisco. This beautiful city offers magnificent landmarks and gorgeous views of the Pacific Ocean. Book one of our great
San Francisco hotels
and then take a drive over the Golden Gate Bridge. Take the time to visit Fisherman’s Wharf and try some Dungeness crab, or clam chowder in a bread bowl.
The Windy City of Chicago offers some of the best food around. Known for Chicago-style hot dogs, Chicago-style (deep dish) pizza and Polish Sausage. So find
cheap Chicago hotel deals
and visit Navy Pier, take in a ballgame, or listen to some smooth jazz.
Take a bite out of the Big Apple. When on the east coast of the U.S., New York City is the place to be. Take in a Broadway show, or visit several of the many museums in the city. So check in to one of our many
New York hotels
and explore the city that never sleeps.
Deals on International Hotels
We provide a great selection of bargain hotel rooms at the most popular destinations worldwide. Book the best hotels in Europe, Canada, Asia, Mexico, Latin America, Middle East, South America and Australia. When you have the opportunity to travel internationally…GO! It’s a great way to learn a different culture, mingle with the locals and experience different cuisines.
There are too many international destinations to mention here. After all, we provide over 25,000 cities worldwide, but London is certainly one of them. Visit the Tower of London, walk by Buckingham Palace or visit the shops and entertainment areas near Piccadilly Circus. So if you need to find
hotels in London
, we’ll find the lowest rates.
Last Minute Hotel Deals and Vacation Packages
Looking for last minute getaways? MoreHotels4Less offers great deals on cheap last minute hotels. If you’re traveling on a budget, and you can book your room last minute, we can find super cheap hotel deals that will save you money.
If you’re looking for a packaged deal, our vacation packages offer over 40,000 discount hotels, operating in over 8,000 cities. So book a vacation package with MoreHotels4Less and save hundreds by combining your hotel, flights and rental car!
Want a different type of accommodation?
So what’s your accommodation taste? Are you looking for more than a hotel room? Maybe a bed and breakfast is more your style.
Want to visit Europe and don’t want to pay full-price on accommodations? Then a hostel is a great way to save money so you can do and see more on your trip. Most hostels offer a small number of private rooms if you don’t want to be in a dorm setting.
Don’t want to spend an arm and a leg always dining out? Then book a condo, make a wonderful meal and watch the sunset.
Even if you’re wanting something a bit more rustic, booking a cabin can bring you closer to the great outdoors. Regardless of your taste, MoreHotels4Less will find the lowest rates that fit your budget.
Get going on your mobile device
If you're on the go, take advantage of our mobile platform when booking your hotel reservation. You'll have access to the best deals and everyday low prices. You can also customize your hotel search by amenities, star rating, currency, hotel brand and name.
Need information on your destination?
Find fun things to do at your destination. Get some
great travel guide tips
such as finding the best dining and shopping at your destination. You can also check out some great travel ideas for the best beach vacation, romantic getaways and trips with the family.
Call an agent if you need assistance
If you need assistance booking a hotel reservation, give us a call toll free at 877-607-2788. Agents are available 24/7 and will help you find cheap hotel rates.
Best hotel website for hotel deals
MoreHotels4Less has been recognized by TopTenReviews.com as one of the
best hotel booking services of 2017
.
We provide thousands of TripAdvisor® Traveler Ratings
Choosing the right hotel room can sometimes be overwhelming and stressful. You’re going on vacation to relax and have fun and the last thing you want is to book a hotel that doesn’t meet your expectations.
To help make this decision easier, we provide TripAdvisor Traveler Ratings on all hotels. Finding cheap hotels is important and reading guest reviews can also verify if you’re getting true value for your money. Read what guests say about the hotel, the location, the service, food and amenities. Reviews can provide peace of mind when booking your hotel.
Free cancellation on hotel reservations
We understand that plans can change. MoreHotels4Less doesn't charge a cancellation fee on hotel rooms, but the hotel may charge one. Before you cancel your booking, check the hotel's change and cancellation policy so you don't have any surprises.
Book your hotel with MoreHotels4Less
Looking for
cheap hotels near me under $50
, or last minute hotel deals? If so, you found the hotel site with discount hotel rates.
We make booking hotel reservations fast and easy. Save money when you book your next hotel stay with MoreHotels4Less.
* Up to 20% off published rates
Valid at participating hotels only and are subject to availability. Offers vary by property. Minimum night stay may be required and varies by property. Rules, restrictions and black out dates may apply.
MoreHotels4Less offers Special Hotel Deals
What are Special Hotel Deals? Choose from thousands of top hotels with savings up to 20% off published rates.  Also look for the “Deal of the Day” at some of your favorite destinations. The deal of the days are only available for 24 hours and highlight discounted rates for a specific hotel. So check back often to find great deals.

Read More




Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Review or Cancel Reservation
Hotels in Boston
Hotels in Dallas
Hotels in Houston
Hotels in Phoenix
Hotels in San Antonio
Hotels in San Diego
Hotels in Santa Fe
Hotels in Seattle
Cheap Flights
Cheap Hotels Near Me
Cheap Rental Cars
Last Minute Hotel Deals
Vacation Packages

MoreHotels4Less offers discount hotels. Hotel prices are per room based on two adults sharing a room. Price excludes taxes and fees.
© 2008-2017 MoreHotels4Less, LLC. All rights reserved. TripAdvisor is a registered service mark of TripAdvisor, LLC.



