Find Cheap Hotels in San Francisco, CA at MoreHotels4Less









Book online or call

877-607-2788






menu

Book Online or Call

877-607-2788


Sign Up for Exclusive Deals

Home
Last Minute Hotel Deals
Packages
Flights
Cars
Customer Service
FAQs


Home
>
Cheap San Francisco Hotels

Find Cheap Hotels in San Francisco, CA




Going to





Check In


Check Out


Rooms


1 Room
2 Rooms
3 Rooms
4 Rooms
5 Rooms
6 Rooms
7 Rooms
8 Rooms












Find over 350,000
cheap hotels
worldwide!

Save up to 20% on
last minute hotel deals
!

Find
cheap hotel rates
at thousands of hotels!



Popular San Francisco Hotels




Intercontinental




W San Francisco




Hyatt Regency




Omni San Francisco




Sir Francis Drake




Westin St. Francis




JW Marriott Union Square




Hotel Union Square




Hilton Union Square




Parc 55 San Francisco




Hotel Nikko San Francisco




Courtyard Fisherman's Wharf
Top Attractions & Landmarks
Find cheap San Francisco hotels near many attractions and landmarks!


Alcatraz



Fisherman’s Wharf



Coit Tower



Ghirardelli Square



Golden Gate Bridge



Chinatown



Marina District



Nob Hill



Union Square



Golden Gate Park



Pier 39



Haight-Ashbury



Welcome to MoreHotels4Less
Find cheap hotels in San Francisco, CA with MoreHotels4Less
MoreHotels4Less makes it easy to find cheap hotel rates in San Francisco. We offer over 560 hotels in San Francisco and you can find hotel discounts over 20% off. Whether you're looking for San Francisco hotel deals near Fisherman's Wharf, or AT&T; Park, MoreHotels4Less will find accommodations at the lowest price.
Find a great selection of San Francisco, CA hotels
You'll find no shortage of great San Francisco hotel deals. Book a week at the
JW Marriott San Francisco Union Square
, or a few nights at
The Westin St Francis
. In addition to all the major hotel brands, we offer independent and boutique hotels. You'll also find many Bed & Breakfast and condos.
Recognized as one of the best websites for hotel rates
MoreHotels4Less has been recognized for having some of the
best hotel rates
by TopTenReviews. With many discount hotels in our inventory, MoreHotels4Less will find cheap hotels in San Francisco for you.
About the city of San Francisco
San Francisco is a beautiful city that is rich in history and MoreHotels4Less has an excellent variety of cheap San Francisco hotels. Known for the historic San Francisco Fisherman's Wharf, the Golden Gate Bridge, and Alcatraz. San Francisco offers a variety of culture and cuisine for everyone. You’ll have plenty of time to enjoy the outdoor activities that makes the city of San Francisco such a great place to visit.
Getting around San Francisco, CA
The easiest way to get to San Francisco is to fly into San Francisco International Airport. A rental car is one of the best ways to get around San Francisco, but be aware that parking in the city can be expensive. If you stay near downtown, you can walk to many restaurants, or simply take a cable car or taxi wherever you need to go.
Things to do in San Francisco, CA
You’ll have no shortage of things to do in the city.  If you’re a sports enthusiast, take in a San Francisco Giants game during baseball season. Visit Fisherman's Wharf for great seafood, drive over the Golden Gate Bridge, or take a short boat ride to Alcatraz Island.
Find a great selection of San Francisco accommodations
MoreHotels4Less will find cheap hotels in San Francisco, CA to help you save money. Find hotels in San Francisco near many landmarks and attractions. Check MoreHotels4Less for the cheapest hotel rates in San Francisco and book now.
MoreHotels4Less offers Special Hotel Deals
What are Special Hotel Deals? Choose from thousands of top hotels with savings up to 20% off published rates.  Also look for the “Deal of the Day” at some of your favorite destinations. The deal of the days are only available for 24 hours and highlight discounted rates for a specific hotel. So check back often to find great deals.

Read More


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Review or Cancel Reservation
Hotels in Boston
Hotels in Dallas
Hotels in Houston
Hotels in Phoenix
Hotels in San Antonio
Hotels in San Diego
Hotels in Santa Fe
Hotels in Seattle
Cheap Flights
Cheap Hotels Near Me
Cheap Rental Cars
Last Minute Hotel Deals
Vacation Packages

MoreHotels4Less offers discount hotels. Hotel prices are per room based on two adults sharing a room. Price excludes taxes and fees.
© 2008-2017 MoreHotels4Less, LLC. All rights reserved. TripAdvisor is a registered service mark of TripAdvisor, LLC.
