Find Cheap Hotels in Seattle, Washington | MoreHotels4Less









Book online or call

877-607-2788






menu

Book Online or Call

877-607-2788


Sign Up for Exclusive Deals

Home
Last Minute Hotel Deals
Packages
Flights
Cars
Customer Service
FAQs


Home
>
Cheap Hotels in Seattle

Hotels in Seattle, Washington




Going to





Check In


Check Out


Rooms


1 Room
2 Rooms
3 Rooms
4 Rooms
5 Rooms
6 Rooms
7 Rooms
8 Rooms












Find over 350,000
cheap hotels
worldwide!

Save up to 20% on
last minute hotel deals
!

Find
cheap hotel rates
at thousands of hotels!



Popular Seattle Hotels




Crowne Plaza Seattle




Grand Hyatt Seattle




Hilton Seattle




Holiday Inn Seattle




Seattle Marriott Waterfront




Renaissance Seattle Hotel




Staypineapple at University Inn




Pan Pacific Seattle




Watertown Hotel




The Roosevelt, A Provenance Hotel




Mediterranean Inn




Hotel Andra
Top Attractions & Landmarks
Find cheap Seattle hotels near many attractions and landmarks!


Pike Place Market



Safeco Field



CenturyLink Field



Space Needle



University of Washington



Washington State Convention Center



Woodland Park Zoo



Key Arena



Museum Of Flight



Downtown Seattle



Pioneer Square



Experience Music Project Museum



Welcome to MoreHotels4Less
Find cheap hotels in Seattle, Washington
MoreHotels4Less offers over 380 hotels in Seattle and you can find hotel discounts over 20% off. Whether you're looking for Seattle hotel deals near the University of Washington, or downtown, MoreHotels4Less will find accommodations at the lowest price.
Find a great selection of Seattle, WA hotels
You'll find no shortage of great Seattle, WA hotels. Book a week at the
Pan Pacific Seattle
, or a few nights at the
Hyatt At Olive 8
. In addition to all the major hotel brands, we offer independent and boutique hotels. You'll also find many Bed & Breakfast and condos.
About the city of Seattle
Seattle is the largest city in the state of Washington. Located in the Pacific Northwest, Seattle is a known as both a technology center and a major aircraft manufacturer. One of the most visited cities in the U.S., Seattle offers a variety of culture, cuisine and landmarks. With beautiful parks, hiking trails and boating, you’ll have time to enjoy the outdoor activities that make Seattle such a great place to visit.
Getting around Seattle
The easiest way to get to Seattle is to fly into Seattle Tacoma International Airport. The best way to get around Seattle is by car. There are many great rental car options to choose from.
Things to do in Seattle
Visit Seattle’s numerous art and music festivals, restaurants and nightclubs. Seattle is also known for its famous landmarks such as the Space Needle, the Pike Place Market and The Museum of Flight.
Book your Seattle hotels with MoreHotels4Less
MoreHotels4Less will find cheap hotels in Seattle to help you save money. Find Seattle hotels near many landmarks and attractions.
MoreHotels4Less offers Special Hotel Deals
What are Special Hotel Deals? Choose from thousands of top hotels with savings up to 20% off published rates.  Also look for the “Deal of the Day” at some of your favorite destinations. The deal of the days are only available for 24 hours and highlight discounted rates for a specific hotel. So check back often to find great deals.

Read More


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Review or Cancel Reservation
Hotels in Boston
Hotels in Dallas
Hotels in Houston
Hotels in Phoenix
Hotels in San Antonio
Hotels in San Diego
Hotels in Santa Fe
Hotels in Seattle
Cheap Flights
Cheap Hotels Near Me
Cheap Rental Cars
Last Minute Hotel Deals
Vacation Packages

MoreHotels4Less offers discount hotels. Hotel prices are per room based on two adults sharing a room. Price excludes taxes and fees.
© 2008-2017 MoreHotels4Less, LLC. All rights reserved. TripAdvisor is a registered service mark of TripAdvisor, LLC.
