Cheap Hotel Rates in Houston, TX at MoreHotels4Less









Book online or call

877-607-2788






menu

Book Online or Call

877-607-2788


Sign Up for Exclusive Deals

Home
Last Minute Hotel Deals
Packages
Flights
Cars
Customer Service
FAQs


Home
>
Cheap Hotels in Houston

Cheap Hotel Rates in Houston, TX




Going to





Check In


Check Out


Rooms


1 Room
2 Rooms
3 Rooms
4 Rooms
5 Rooms
6 Rooms
7 Rooms
8 Rooms












Find over 350,000
cheap hotels
worldwide!

Save up to 20% on
last minute hotel deals
!

Find
cheap hotel rates
at thousands of hotels!



Popular Houston Hotels




DoubleTree Suites Galleria




Hyatt Place Bush Airport




Omni Westside




JW Marriott Downtown




Hilton Americas




Sheraton North
Top Attractions & Landmarks
Find cheap Houston hotels near many attractions and landmarks!


Space Center Houston



City Center



Houston Museum of Fine Arts



Minute Maid Park



Houston Zoo



The Galleria



Rice University



NRG Park



Toyota Center



Buffalo Bayou Park



Hobby Airport



Bush Intercontinental Airport Houston



Welcome to MoreHotels4Less
Find cheap hotel rates in Houston!
Looking for Houston hotels downtown, or hotels in Houston Galleria? We provide the best deals on Houston hotels and make it easy to book hotel room reservations. We offer cheap hotel deals and hotel discounts up to 20% off published hotel rates*.
Our simple design and search tools produce fast, relevant Houston hotel information so you can compare hotel rates, rooms, find a free breakfast, parking and wifi. So booking cheap hotels in Houston, has never been easier!
Find a great selection of Houston hotels
You'll find no shortage of great Houston, TX hotels. Book a week at the
Hilton Houston North
, or a few nights at the
St. Regis Houston
. In addition to all the major hotel brands, we offer cheap motels in Houston as well. You'll also find many Bed & Breakfast, condos and even cabins.
About the city of Houston
Houston is the largest city in the state of Texas. Located on the Texas Gulf coast, Houston is known for the Johnson Space Center, the art district and wonderful shopping. One of the most visited cities in the state, Houston offers a variety of culture, cuisine and landmarks. You’ll have plenty of time to enjoy the outdoor activities that make Houston such a great place to visit.
Getting around Houston
The easiest way to get to Houston is to fly into either Houston’s Hobby Airport on the south side of town, or Bush Intercontinental Airport which is north of downtown. It is recommended that you rent a car while in Houston but be aware that Houston is known for its heavy traffic. Both airports provide a great selection of major car rental companies.
Things to do in Houston
Take a drive to Space Center Houston, or to the famed San Jacinto Battleground where Texas won its independence from Mexico. Depending on the time of year, take in a Houston Astro’s baseball game, or Houston Texans football game.
Book your Houston hotels with MoreHotels4Less
MoreHotels4Less will help you find the best rates on cheap hotels in Houston. Find Houston hotels near many landmarks and attractions. Save money when you book your next hotel stay with MoreHotels4Less.
MoreHotels4Less offers Special Hotel Deals
What are Special Hotel Deals? Choose from thousands of top hotels with savings up to 20% off published rates.  Also look for the “Deal of the Day” at some of your favorite destinations. The deal of the days are only available for 24 hours and highlight discounted rates for a specific hotel. So check back often to find great deals.

Read More


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Review or Cancel Reservation
Hotels in Boston
Hotels in Dallas
Hotels in Houston
Hotels in Phoenix
Hotels in San Antonio
Hotels in San Diego
Hotels in Santa Fe
Hotels in Seattle
Cheap Flights
Cheap Hotels Near Me
Cheap Rental Cars
Last Minute Hotel Deals
Vacation Packages

MoreHotels4Less offers discount hotels. Hotel prices are per room based on two adults sharing a room. Price excludes taxes and fees.
© 2008-2017 MoreHotels4Less, LLC. All rights reserved. TripAdvisor is a registered service mark of TripAdvisor, LLC.
