Find Cheap Hotels in London, United Kingdom | MoreHotels4Less









Book online or call

877-607-2788






menu

Book Online or Call

877-607-2788


Sign Up for Exclusive Deals

Home
Last Minute Hotel Deals
Packages
Flights
Cars
Customer Service
FAQs


Home
>
Cheap Hotels in London

Hotels in London, United Kingdom




Going to





Check In


Check Out


Rooms


1 Room
2 Rooms
3 Rooms
4 Rooms
5 Rooms
6 Rooms
7 Rooms
8 Rooms












Find over 350,000
cheap hotels
worldwide!

Save up to 20% on
last minute hotel deals
!

Find
cheap hotel rates
at thousands of hotels!



Popular London Hotels




Hilton Green Park




Chelsea Harbour Hotel




Millennium Mayfair




Holiday Inn Commercial




Park Plaza Victoria




Park Plaza Riverbank




Best Western The Cromwell




DoubleTree Tower of London




Hilton London Kensington




The Royal Horseguards




The Trafalgar Hotel




The Waldorf Hilton London
Top Attractions & Landmarks
Find cheap London hotels near many attractions and landmarks!


Wembley Stadium



Tower Bridge



Piccadilly Circus



Big Ben



Hyde Park



Oxford Street



Heathrow Airport



London Paddington Station



The London Eye



Trafalgar Square



Royal Albert Hall



Gatwick Airport



Welcome to MoreHotels4Less
Find cheap hotels in London, United Kingdom
MoreHotels4Less offers over 1,925 hotels in London and you can find hotel discounts over 20% off. Whether you're looking for London hotel deals near Piccadilly Circus, or Trafalgar Square, MoreHotels4Less will find accommodations at the lowest price.
Find a great selection of London, UK hotels
You'll find no shortage of great London, UK hotels. Book a week at
Hilton London Tower Bridge
, or a few nights at the
Sheraton Grand London Park Lane
. In addition to all the major hotel brands, we offer independent and boutique hotels. You'll also find Bed & Breakfast, resorts, and condos.
About the city of London
London is the largest city in the United Kingdom. Located in Southern England, London is known for Buckingham Palace, the House of Parliament, and Westminster Abbey. One of the most visited cities in the world, London offers a variety of culture, cuisine and landmarks. With dozens of beautiful parks, you’ll have plenty of time to enjoy the outdoor activities that make London such a great place to visit.
Getting around London
The easiest way to get to London is to fly into either London Heathrow, or Gatwick airports. London offers a selection of mass transit options. From London Heathrow, you can ride the Heathrow Express, which will take you from the airport to Paddington Station in about 15 minutes. London’s Underground is also an efficient way to get around the city.
Things to do in London
Visit London’s numerous art galleries, museums and beautiful gardens. London is also known for its famous landmarks such as Big Ben, St. Paul’s Cathedral and Buckingham Palace. Take a ride on the London Eye, one of the largest Ferris wheels located on the south bank of the River Thames. You’ll get a wonderful view of the city.
Book your London hotels with MoreHotels4Less
MoreHotels4Less will find cheap hotels in London to help you save money. Find London hotels near many landmarks and attractions.
MoreHotels4Less offers Special Hotel Deals
What are Special Hotel Deals? Choose from thousands of top hotels with savings up to 20% off published rates.  Also look for the “Deal of the Day” at some of your favorite destinations. The deal of the days are only available for 24 hours and highlight discounted rates for a specific hotel. So check back often to find great deals.

Read More


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Review or Cancel Reservation
Hotels in Boston
Hotels in Dallas
Hotels in Houston
Hotels in Phoenix
Hotels in San Antonio
Hotels in San Diego
Hotels in Santa Fe
Hotels in Seattle
Cheap Flights
Cheap Hotels Near Me
Cheap Rental Cars
Last Minute Hotel Deals
Vacation Packages

MoreHotels4Less offers discount hotels. Hotel prices are per room based on two adults sharing a room. Price excludes taxes and fees.
© 2008-2017 MoreHotels4Less, LLC. All rights reserved. TripAdvisor is a registered service mark of TripAdvisor, LLC.
