Find Cheap Hotels in Washington, DC | MoreHotels4Less









Book online or call

877-607-2788






menu

Book Online or Call

877-607-2788


Sign Up for Exclusive Deals

Home
Last Minute Hotel Deals
Packages
Flights
Cars
Customer Service
FAQs


Home
>
Cheap Hotels in Washington DC

Hotels in Washington, DC




Going to





Check In


Check Out


Rooms


1 Room
2 Rooms
3 Rooms
4 Rooms
5 Rooms
6 Rooms
7 Rooms
8 Rooms












Find over 350,000
cheap hotels
worldwide!

Save up to 20% on
last minute hotel deals
!

Find
cheap hotel rates
at thousands of hotels!



Popular Washington DC Hotels




Capitol Hilton




Loews Madison




Hotel Palomar




Grand Hyatt




Holiday Inn Capitol




JW Marriott
Top Attractions & Landmarks
Find cheap Washington DC hotels near many attractions and landmarks!


Dupont Circle



Vietnam Memorial



Smithsonian Museum



The White House



U.S. Capitol



FedEx Field



Ronald Reagan National Airport (DCA)



Washington Union Station



Verizon Center



Smithsonian's National Zoo



Old Town Alexandria



National Mall (The Mall)



Welcome to MoreHotels4Less
Find cheap hotels in Washington, DC
MoreHotels4Less makes it easy to find cheap hotel rates in Washington DC. We offer over 645 hotels in Washington DC and you can find hotel discounts over 20% off. Whether you're looking for Washington DC hotel deals near the National Mall, or many memorials and museums, MoreHotels4Less will find accommodations at the lowest price.
Find a great selection of Washington DC hotels
You'll find no shortage of great Washington DC hotels. Book a week at the
Marriott Marquis Washington, DC
, or a few nights at the
Grand Hyatt Washington
. In addition to all the major hotel brands, we offer independent and boutique hotels. You'll also find many Bed & Breakfast and condos.
About the city of Washington DC
Washington DC is the capitol of the United States and MoreHotels4Less provides an excellent variety of cheap Washington DC hotels. Washington DC, is known for its famous landmarks such as the White House, Washington and Lincoln Memorials and it’s large selection of museums and memorials. One of the most visited areas in the U.S., Washington DC offers a variety of culture, cuisine and landmarks. You’ll have plenty of time to enjoy the outdoor activities that make Washington DC such a great place to visit.
Getting around Washington DC
The easiest way to get to Washington DC is to fly into the Washington Reagan National Airport, which is just a few miles from Washington DC. It is recommended that you take advantage of the Metro rail system. You can get to just about any area of Washington DC on the Metro. If you’re only staying in the DC area, renting a car is not recommended due to traffic congestion and the high cost of parking.
Things to do in Washington DC
Take a good pair of walking shoes because there are so many wonderful things to see in DC that are within walking distance of each other. The Smithsonian has a number of museums to visit such as the Air and Space Museum and the National Museum of American History. Also makes plans to visit Arlington National Cemetery where many of the nation’s heroes are laid to rest, including President John F. Kennedy.
Book your Washington DC hotels with MoreHotels4Less
MoreHotels4Less will find cheap hotels in Washington DC to help you save money. Find Washington DC hotels near many landmarks and attractions.
MoreHotels4Less offers Special Hotel Deals
What are Special Hotel Deals? Choose from thousands of top hotels with savings up to 20% off published rates.  Also look for the “Deal of the Day” at some of your favorite destinations. The deal of the days are only available for 24 hours and highlight discounted rates for a specific hotel. So check back often to find great deals.

Read More


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Review or Cancel Reservation
Hotels in Boston
Hotels in Dallas
Hotels in Houston
Hotels in Phoenix
Hotels in San Antonio
Hotels in San Diego
Hotels in Santa Fe
Hotels in Seattle
Cheap Flights
Cheap Hotels Near Me
Cheap Rental Cars
Last Minute Hotel Deals
Vacation Packages

MoreHotels4Less offers discount hotels. Hotel prices are per room based on two adults sharing a room. Price excludes taxes and fees.
© 2008-2017 MoreHotels4Less, LLC. All rights reserved. TripAdvisor is a registered service mark of TripAdvisor, LLC.
