Find Cheap Hotels in New York, New York | MoreHotels4Less









Book online or call

877-607-2788






menu

Book Online or Call

877-607-2788


Sign Up for Exclusive Deals

Home
Last Minute Hotel Deals
Packages
Flights
Cars
Customer Service
FAQs


Home
>
Cheap Hotels in New York

Hotels in New York, New York




Going to





Check In


Check Out


Rooms


1 Room
2 Rooms
3 Rooms
4 Rooms
5 Rooms
6 Rooms
7 Rooms
8 Rooms












Find over 350,000
cheap hotels
worldwide!

Save up to 20% on
last minute hotel deals
!

Find
cheap hotel rates
at thousands of hotels!



Popular New York Hotels




Grand Hyatt New York




Hilton Manhattan East




Hilton Times Square




Holiday Inn Midtown




Marriott Marquis




Wyndham New Yorker




Hotel Le Soleil




Four Points By Sheraton Downtown




Park Lane Hotel




Best Western Plus Seaport




JW Marriott Essex House




Hotel Pennsylvania
Top Attractions & Landmarks
Find cheap New York hotels near many attractions and landmarks!


Rockefeller Center



Macy’s



United Nations



Central Park



Broadway



Metropolitan Museum of Art



Radio City Music Hall



Empire State Building



Times Square



Madison Square Garden



Ground Zero Museum



Carnegie Hall



Welcome to MoreHotels4Less
Find cheap hotels in New York, New York
MoreHotels4Less offers over 1,180 hotels in New York and you can find hotel discounts over 20% off. Whether you're looking for New York hotel deals near Times Square, or Madison Square Garden, MoreHotels4Less will find accommodations at the lowest price.
Find a great selection of New York, NY hotels
You'll find no shortage of great New York, NY hotels. Book a week at the
New York Marriott Marquis
, or a few nights at the
Wyndham New Yorker
. In addition to all the major hotel brands, we offer independent and boutique hotels. You'll also find many Bed & Breakfast and condos.
About the city of New York
New York City, known as The Big Apple, is the largest city in the state of New York. Located in Southern New York State, New York City is known for Times Square, Central Park and Broadway Shows, excellent restaurants and the Statue of Liberty. One of the most visited cities in the United States, New York City offers a variety of culture, cuisine and landmarks. Stay as long as you can because there are so many things to see and do in this fabulous city!
Getting around New York, NY
There are three major airports in the New York City area; JFK, LaGuardia and Newark Liberty International Airport. LaGuardia is the closest airport to Manhattan. It is recommended that you take a taxi, or limo while in New York City. You’ll save yourself a lot of time trying to park and traffic in the city can be very heavy. If you stay in New York City, you can walk to many attractions, museums, and restaurants, or simply get a taxi to take you wherever you need to go. New York City also has an excellent subway system that easily get you to many of the surrounding New York boroughs such as The Bronx, Queens and Brooklyn.
Things to do in New York, New York
New York City is known as The City that Never Sleeps. You’ll have no shortage of things to do in the city. Take a stroll through Central Park, see a show on Broadway, or experience the lights of Times Square. If you’re a sports enthusiast, you’ll have access to great sporting events all year long such as going to a New York Yankees, or New York Mets baseball game; a New York Ranger hockey game; a New York Knicks, or Brooklyn Nets basketball game or take in a New York Giants, or New York Jets football game in nearby East Rutherford, New Jersey.
Book your New York hotels with MoreHotels4Less
MoreHotels4Less will find cheap hotels in New York to help you save money. Find New York hotels near many landmarks and attractions.
MoreHotels4Less offers Special Hotel Deals
What are Special Hotel Deals? Choose from thousands of top hotels with savings up to 20% off published rates.  Also look for the “Deal of the Day” at some of your favorite destinations. The deal of the days are only available for 24 hours and highlight discounted rates for a specific hotel. So check back often to find great deals.

Read More


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Review or Cancel Reservation
Hotels in Boston
Hotels in Dallas
Hotels in Houston
Hotels in Phoenix
Hotels in San Antonio
Hotels in San Diego
Hotels in Santa Fe
Hotels in Seattle
Cheap Flights
Cheap Hotels Near Me
Cheap Rental Cars
Last Minute Hotel Deals
Vacation Packages

MoreHotels4Less offers discount hotels. Hotel prices are per room based on two adults sharing a room. Price excludes taxes and fees.
© 2008-2017 MoreHotels4Less, LLC. All rights reserved. TripAdvisor is a registered service mark of TripAdvisor, LLC.
