


Terms and Conditions |  HostelCulture




























































Home

Terms and conditions






Terms and conditions




This agreement is between you, the user of HCI website(s), and HostelCulture International Limited (HCI).
'The accommodation provider' is the owner of the property which is offering accommodation for sale via the website(s). 'Accommodation' should be considered as inclusive of all services, facilities, added value and other offered by the accommodation provider displayed 'as is' on the website(s).
You confirm that you are of legal age to lawfully use HCI web-sites & services, to enter into a contract and that you are solely responsible for all uses performed on said sites / services by you, even if on the behalf of another.
You understand that HCI is an agent which facilitates your booking of accommodation with accommodation providers and that HCI does not own, operate or provide accommodation. Furthermore, you understand that you are entering into a contract with the accommodation provider and not HCI, our sites or services.  The accommodation provider is solely responsible and liable for fulfilling said contract on their part and providing you with accommodation as booked or with an alternative to your satisfaction where applicable. HCI is not responsible for the fulfilment of any booking made via our website(s).
It is the responsibility of the accommodation provider to ensure the accuracy, legitimacy and correctness of all content and information pertaining to their accommodation and services as displayed on HCI website(s). HCI are in no way responsible for the quality of any accommodation or services booked on the site(s).
All currency conversions displayed on HCI sites are calculated by using an exchange rate derived from a third party reputable currency conversion website in real time.
To make a booking you will be required to pay a non-refundable deposit, normally 10% of the total value of your non-discounted booking, which is retained by HCI. This deposit may also equate to less than 10% of the total value of your non-discounted booking on occasion and the monitory difference between the standard 10% and the lesser percentage charged at point of booking retained by you, the customer. This deposit is always non-refundable, including but not limited to instances of cancellation of the booking or your non-arrival. You are responsible for paying to the accommodation provider, the remaining balance due as per your booking confirmation (the remaining value of your booking after the deposit paid and any discounts applied) together with any applicable additional charges agreed with the accommodation provider, including any service charges and taxes pursuant to the terms & conditions of trade applied by or governing the accommodation provider. Please note, we never charge any booking fees on transactions.
The deposit paid when booking must be paid using a valid Credit Card or Debit Card. You confirm that all information submitted by you to HCI, including Credit card / Debit card details, are complete and accurate and that you have been granted the required permissions and authorisations to use said card. You will receive a booking confirmation via email shortly after completing the booking process provided that all information provided is correct and there is sufficient funds available to the credit / debit card used to complete the transaction.
Credit / Debit card details are entered on a secure page and transferred using SSL technology. Payment is processed by a trusted, secure & reputable payment portal.
In making a booking you agree to the accommodation providers policies including all relevant no-show, cancellation & check-in policies as displayed or set out in its terms & conditions. Accordingly, in the event of your failing to comply with said policies, including failure to arrive by your agreed check-in time or failure to cancel your booking within the permitted time-frame as set out by the accommodation provider, you authorise HCI to charge your credit / debit card, and retain on behalf of the accommodation provider, an amount not greater than the charge for one (the first) night's stay less the partial deposit paid applicable to that (the first) night's accommodation as booked.  HCI may inform you of the charge in such an event but this would be as a courtesy and not as an obligation on our part.
It is your responsibility to notify the accommodation provider directly to make any amendments to your booking or to inform them of any special requirements / facilities that you or a member of your party may require.
The listing of accommodation providers on HCI websites should not be considered as a specific recommendation by HCI or that the accommodation provider will be suitable for the user's purpose or of any particular quality.
All personal data provided to HCI is treated, controlled and processed in accordance with local laws (that of The Republic of Ireland). The security of your personal information and privacy is hugely important to us and we have taken sufficient measures to ensure this is controlled in a consistently secure manner.  We will never provide your details to any third party.
HCI may offer you the opportunity to review the accommodation provider post stay in relation to your experience at the property and your opinion. The ranking and rating attributed to properties on our sites are dictated entirely by this feedback. Your review and rating may be visible on our site(s).
In the unlikely event of a problem or issue arising with the accommodation provider relating to your booking and /or your experience at the accommodation provider's property you shall seek to resolve the issue directly with the accommodation provider and accept that HCI is not liable in any way relating to such cases. Furthermore, as an agent, HCI is not a party to the contract between you and the accommodation provider and has no responsibility or liability to you in respect of the terms of that contract. This includes, but is not limited to, any error or cancellation of a booking by the accommodation provider or any error or failure, by you or the accommodation provider, in the making or recording of a booking due to circumstances beyond our control (such as a power-cut for example).
HCI website(s) may contain hyperlinks to other websites operated by third parties. Such hyperlinks are intended for your reference only and HCI are in no way responsible for their contents nor does HCI imply endorsement or otherwise of such website's content or associated operators.
HCI website(s) and the materials within, in their entirety, are protected by the laws of copyright, trademarks, database rights and other intellectual property rights under International laws and treaties. HCI retains all rights and intellectual property rights in and to the Materials. Nothing in these Terms grants (by implication or otherwise) to you any licence or right in or to the Website Content and you are in no-way permitted to use any content, information, software or materials displayed on HCI websites for any commercial, competitive or other purpose.
You agree to indemnify and hold HCI, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents and other partners and employees, harmless from any loss, liability, claim or demand, including legal fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of HCI website(s) in contravention of these Terms and / or applicable laws.
NEITHER WE NOR ANY OF OUR DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AFFILIATES OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVES WILL BE LIABLE TO YOU (OR ANY MEMBER OF YOUR CORPORATE GROUP, YOUR AFFILIATES OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR PARTY WHO HAS AN INTEREST IN THE BOOKING) FOR: (i) INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSS OR DAMAGES, (ii) LOSS OF DATA, INCOME, PROFITS, BUSINESS OR OPPORTUNITY OR (iii) LOSS OF OR DAMAGE TO PROPERTY, IN EACH CASE ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF ANY INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, SERVICES, FACILITIES AND/OR THE MATERIALS OFFERED THROUGH THIS WEBSITE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE, OR SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGES WERE REASONABLY FORESEEABLE.
TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ALL REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE ARE HEREBY EXCLUDED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR UNDERTAKINGS ABOUT ANY OF THE SERVICES, FACILITIES, INFORMATION AND/OR MATERIALS ON THIS WEBSITE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, THEIR ACCURACY, THEIR COMPLETENESS OR THEIR MERCHANTABILITY, QUALITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THIS WEBSITE IS PROVIDED STRICTLY ON AN "AS IS" BASIS AND, IN PARTICULAR, WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE INFORMATION PUBLISHED ON THE WEBSITE WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR THAT THE WEBSITE WILL BE VIRUS OR BUG-FREE.
We make reasonable efforts to ensure that all credit card and debit card transactions carried out via this Website are secure. HOWEVER, if unauthorised charges appear on your credit card or debit card statement for any card used on this website at any time during or after you make your booking, conduct your transaction or disclose your card details on this website, hostelculture.com shall not be liable or responsible in any way in respect of any damage or loss of whatsoever nature suffered by you arising from or in any way connected with said use, transaction or disclosure, save where such unauthorised charges appear as a direct result of our negligence and subject to any statutory rights which you may have.
Your use of HCI website(s) and this agreement is governed, controlled and interpreted by the laws of The Republic of Ireland. Any disputes arising out of or relating to the use of said website(s) is subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Republic of Ireland courts. Use of this website is not authorised in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these terms and conditions including, without limitation, this paragraph.
HCI reserves the right to change / update these terms & conditions as well as the content and materials of HCI website(S) at its sole discretion without notification and without liability. Such changes will not affect the terms previously accepted upon making an existing legitimate booking. prior to changes being implemented. You should check these Terms each time you access HCI website(s).








Operators


Hostel Sign In

Hostel Sign Up




Company


About

Work with us

Privacy policy

Terms and conditions

Feedback

Contact




Ratings & Reviews


Ratings & Reviews powered by





Download the App



















© HostelCulture 2017











