


Privacy Policy | HostelCulture




























































Home

Privacy policy






Privacy policy





Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to HostelCulture International Limited, as is your trust in HCI products and services. We want you to know that the information you share with us will be treated with care. We never use your email for unsolicited emails and never provide them to any third parties without your consent. The information you share with us may be used by HCI and our affiliates. It may be used by our suppliers exclusively to provide services for HCI, and by our business partners to conduct joint marketing programs with HCI. It may also be shared in connection with the sale, transfer or financing of a significant part of a HCI business. We will not share your personal information with third parties other than these for their independent use without your permission.
Disclaimer
Information on this website is provided “AS IS” without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you. The data set forth herein is for informational purposes only, and no warranty is made that the information is error-free. Please note that once you leave this site, either via a link we may have provided for your convenience or by specifying your own destination, HostelCulture International Limited accepts no responsibility for the content, products and/or services provided at these non- HostelCulture International Limited locations. HostelCulture International Limited does not control, endorse, promote or have any affiliation with any other website, other than those belonging to HostelCulture International Limited or our business partners and affiliates, unless expressly stated herein. All information, including images, videos and designs , contained in and presented on this website is the property of HostelCulture International Limited and may not be used by any third party for the purpose of making business, profit, marketing, promotion or otherwise without the express written permission of HostelCulture International Limited. HostelCulture International Limited may from time to time post content to the blog section and / or news section (or similar) of our site(s). All such content is subject to the interpretations and discretion of site users and HostelCulture International Limited, while committed to responsible blogging and content posting, is not responsible for any offence caused by such content which intends no harm and is not intended to malign any religion, ethnic group, club, organization, company, individual or other. HostelCulture International Limited may also allow the posting of content from third party individuals, groups, organisations, companies or others to the blog section and / or news section (or similar) of our site(s) in order to facilitate dynamic interaction and HostelCulture International Limited in no way intends to act as moderator or to direct conversation in this instance . HostelCulture International Limited takes no responsibility for the accuracy or validity of content posted by third parties. All such content is subject to the conditions herein. HostelCulture International Limited does not encourage or condone the excessive or irresponsible consumption of alcohol. Alcohol consumption during any of our services is at the total discretion of the participant.
Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT WILL HOSTELCULTURE INTERNATIONAL LIMITED BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR OTHER CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF THIS WEBSITE, OR ANY OTHER HYPER-LINKED WEBSITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF PROGRAMS OR DATA ON YOUR EQUIPMENT OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF WE ARE EXPRESSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OR LIKELIHOOD OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Trademarks
The HostelCulture International Limited logo, and all other trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, domain names, URLs and icons (“Marks”) appearing on this website, registered or not, are the property of HostelCulture International Limited or their respective owners. Nothing on this website grants you any right or license to use any of the Marks on this site without the express written permission of HostelCulture International Limited or the third party owners of the Marks. Unauthorized use may violate trademark, copyright and other laws.
Changes to this site
Information may be changed or updated without notice. HostelCulture International Limited has no obligation to update information presented on this website, so information contained herein may be out of date at any given time. HostelCulture International Limited may also make improvements and/or changes in the products and/or programs described in this information at any time without notice.
Tours & activities
The Free walking tours, Paid / Theme tours & Nightlife Activities listed are operated by third-party, free-lance / self-employed tour guides. HCE provides these guides and tours with distinct marketing services including but not limited to listings on various websites, social media platforms and printed materials. HCE may also purchase tour guiding services from free-lance guides for certain tours/activities. In all cases the freelance tour guides are solely responsible for their own employment status, income declarations and taxes.
The free-lance tour guides are solely responsible for their own conduct and participant's safety while providing tour services. HCE nor HCI, our partners or affiliates as well as the accommodation providers which actively use our services or display our promotional materials shall not be held responsible or liable to any party for any direct, indirect, special or other consequential damage or loss arising out of participation on any HCE promoted tour, activity or event, without exception, howsoever caused.








Operators


Hostel Sign In

Hostel Sign Up




Company


About

Work with us

Privacy policy

Terms and conditions

Feedback

Contact




Ratings & Reviews


Ratings & Reviews powered by





Download the App



















© HostelCulture 2017











