
World Rainbow Hotels














A global brand of certified
gay and lesbian welcoming hotels
.

Find out more









Agent Logon






USD

EUR

GBP

INR

CAD

ZAR

NZD

JPY

DKK

BRL

CHF

CLP

CNY

HKD

ILS

ISK

NOK

PLN

RUB

SEK





Need help?

Manage booking




Call us today

+44 (0) 8000 124 464

Our help centre is open from Monday - Friday 8.30am - 5pm GMT


Try our live chat

Contact us





Gay Events

Explore Hotels



On a Map

Our Favourites

New Hotels




By Destination

Africa
Asia
Caribbean
Europe
Middle East
North America
Oceania
South America



By Style

Apart hotels
Art Deco
Boutique
Budget Chic
Classic
Design
Historic
Hot Deals
LGBT Iconic
Luxury
Modern
Resort
Romantic




Top Gay Cities




Amsterdam gay hotels

Gay accommodation Bangkok

Barcelona gay hotels

Berlin gay accommodation

Boston gay hotels

Gay hotels Buenos Aires

Gay hotel Chicago

Gay accommodation Istanbul

Gay hotels in Las Vegas

London gay accommodation

Los Angeles gay hotel

Gay hotels in Madrid

Gay hotels in Miami

Gay accommodation Montreal

Gay accommodation Mykonos

Gay hotel in New York

Paris gay accommodation

Hotels in Prague

Gay hotels in Rome

San Diego gay hotels

Gay San Francisco hotel

Seattle gay hotels

Stockholm gay hotels

Sydney gay accommodation

Gay hotels in Tel Aviv

Toronto gay accommodation

Gay hotels Washington DC







Gay Hotel Types




Gay boutique hotels

Gay beach hotels

Gay vacation resorts

Gay design hotels

Best gay island getaways

Gay spa hotels

Top gay luxury hotels

Gay city travel hotels







Gay Travel Tips











Book your hotel


Destination/Hotel





Travel Dates (optional)







Adults


--

1

2

3

4










Filter Results

Clear all filters


By Style





By Location





By Price





By Star Rating





By Amenity











Why Book With Us?



Exceptional & carefully chosen hotels

Popular gay & lesbian destinations

Authentic gay & lesbian welcoming

Free "Out & About" gay travel guides

Best rate available guaranteed

Secure and simple online booking

Don't pay until you stay*



View more details

























LGBT News









Terms & Conditions



This website is operated by World Rainbow Hotels.  World Rainbow Hotels is a trading name of HotelREZ Limited ("HotelREZ"), whose registered number is 05100663 and whose registered office is at Balderton Hall, Fernwood, Nottinghamshire, NG24 3JR, UK.



Website Terms of Use

Use of this website (the "Website") is subject to the following terms and conditions of use ("Terms of Use"). Please read these Terms of Use carefully before you start to use the Website. By using the Website, you indicate that you accept these Terms of Use and that you agree to abide by them. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, please do not use this Website.

1. OUR RELATIONSHIP WITH YOU

(a) HotelREZ trading as World Rainbow Hotels (”the company”) acts as booking agent for the hotels, hotel groups and other service providers featured on the Website (“Accommodation Provider(s)”). By booking using the Website, you will not be entering into a contract for the provision of accommodation and/or other services with the company.  Your contract for accommodation and/or other services will be directly with the applicable Accommodation Provider.  This applies regardless of whether or not you make a pre-payment for a booking in accordance with clause 3(d) below.

(b) The standard terms and conditions of the applicable Accommodation Provider will apply to accommodation and/or other services booked, whether online or by telephone, through the Website. You should ensure that you are familiar with, and agree to, the appropriate terms and conditions before completing your booking.

(c) All queries in relation to and issues arising from any accommodation and/or services you book online or by phone through the Website should be addressed to the applicable Accommodation Provider.

(d)  No warranties and/or representations of any kind, express or implied, are given as to the compliance of the information shown on this Website or the services we offer with any laws of any country other than the UK.

2. HOTEL INFORMATION
(a)  The prices shown on the Website are subject to availability and may be changed or withdrawn by the Accommodation Provider at any time.  The company has no control over pricing or availability of accommodation and/or services.

(b) Information advertised or set out on the Website (including but not limited to hotel details, room availability, room prices, gay/lesbian friendliness, hotel facilities and hotel star ratings (or their local equivalent)) (the "Hotel Information") is based on information provided by Accommodation Providers and other third parties.

(c) The accuracy of the Hotel Information is the sole responsibility of the Accommodation Provider. The company does not verify Hotel Information and therefore makes no representations or warranties (whether express or implied) as to the quality or suitability of any hotel, facility or service featured on the Website. Where it is stated that a hotel, accommodation or service meets the company’s selection criteria, is approved or similar, this is based on information provided to the company by the Accommodation Provider.  The company does not verify that this information is true, accurate or complete.  You should also be aware that cultures and social norms will vary between different destinations and you may not receive the same welcome in all resorts as you would in a metropolitan city, for example. The company recommends that you respect local law and cultural standards of behaviour.

(d) Hotel Information or other information featured on the Website does not constitute a recommendation by the company of any hotel, facility or service.

(e) The company recommends that you confirm all details relating to the hotel, accommodation and/or service directly with the Accommodation Provider before you complete your booking, particularly where this concerns the availability of a particular room type, late or early check-in, availability of particular services or facilities and any other special request.

3. BOOKING
(a) You can make a booking using either of the following methods:

(i) online, by clicking on the "Book" button on the Website and following the booking procedure, or

(ii) by telephone, using the number listed on the Website.

(b) once the company has received your booking and all necessary information from you, it will take all reasonable steps to arrange your booking with the Accommodation Provider, and if your chosen accommodation is available, will provide you with a booking confirmation via email.

(c) Except under paragraph (d) below, the company will not charge your credit card. The Accommodation Provider will take payment for accommodation and other services upon your departure from the hotel.

(d) Certain Accommodation Providers require pre-payment, and in this instance the company (as agent of the Accommodation Provider) will take payment in full from your credit card at the time of booking. You will be advised at the time of booking if pre-payment is required.

(e) When making a booking you will be required to submit such information as is necessary to enable the company to process your booking with the Accommodation Provider, including your name, address, email address, telephone number and credit card details ("Personal Information").

(f) All Personal Information collected by the company during the booking process will be processed in accordance with the company’s Privacy Policy, details of which are set out on the Website. Please ensure you have read and understood the Privacy Policy before making a booking.  The company will notify the Accommodation Provider that your booking is under the World Rainbow Hotels brand.  You should be aware that the Accommodation Provider may make assumptions as to your sexual preferences as a consequence.

(g) The company will pass your Personal Information to the Accommodation Provider for the purpose of securing your booking and the provision of accommodation and services.

(h) The company recommends that you consult the Foreign Office travel advice and information for the area you are visiting and act on any information and advice that they may give.

(j) The company will pass any special request you may make to the Accommodation Provider but cannot guarantee that it will be provided or observed.

(k)  Currency conversion on the Website is provided by a third party for which the company is not responsible.  The company therefore gives no warranty or representation as to the accuracy of currency conversion and you should treat it as an estimate only.
4. CANCELLATIONS AND CHANGES

Bookings may only be cancelled or your stay reduced by contacting the company directly, either by email reservations@worldrainbowhotels.com, telephone (for numbers see Contact Us page) or, where available, online.

(b) If you cancel your booking, the Accommodation Provider may apply a cancellation charge. Further details of the cancellation policy of the Accommodation Provider will be made available to you during the booking process. A fee may also be charged by the Accommodation Provider if you reduce the duration of your stay.

(c) Any sums reimbursed to you as a result of cancellation or reduction in the duration of your stay for which payment in advance has been made, will incur an additional administration fee of £25, which will be deducted from sum reimbursed to you.

(d)  Should you wish to extend your stay, you should notify the company by email at
reservations@worldrainbowhotels.com
.  The best rate available to the company at the time the booking amendment is made will apply to the period of extension.  Payment for any extension will be taken by the hotel upon your departure, unless pre-payment is required, in which case it will be taken at the time of booking of the extension.

(e) If you curtail your stay at a hotel where you have made pre-payment, you will not be entitled to a refund in respect of any unused accommodation or services.  If you curtail your stay at a hotel where you have not pre-paid, you may nevertheless be charged a cancellation fee.

5. LIABILITY OF THE COMPANY

(a) The company acts as agent of the Accommodation Provider in arranging the booking of hotel accommodation and/or other services, and shall not be responsible or liable for any acts or omissions of the Accommodation Provider or any third party, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), statute or otherwise.

(b) To the extent permitted by law, the company hereby expressly excludes:
(i)    all conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or equity;
(ii)    any liability for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage incurred by any user in connection with the Website or in connection with the use, inability to use, or results of the use of the Website, any websites linked to it and any materials posted on it, whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise.
(c) Without limiting paragraph (b) above, the company will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of the Website or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.

(d) Nothing in these Terms of Use shall exclude or limit the liability of the company for fraudulent misrepresentation, or for death or personal injury attributable to the negligence of the company.
6. LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Information on any sites linked to the Website may be outside the control of the company. If you decide to access any such information, you agree that you do so at your own risk. A link from the company website does not infer any recommendation by the company.

7. TELEPHONE POLICY
If you contact the company by telephone, or are contacted by the company by telephone for any purpose, the company may, from time to rime, record any calls for monitoring and staff training purposes.

8. COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARKS
All information contained on the Website is the property of the company, and, subject to the below, may not be reproduced in any format for any purposes without the prior written permission of the company. You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from the Website for your personal reference and you may draw the attention of others to material posted on the Website.  You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text. Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of material on the Website must always be acknowledged.  You must not use any part of the materials on the Website for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.

If you print off, copy or download any part of the Website in breach of these terms of use, your right to use the Website will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
9. DENIAL OF ACCESS AND CHANGES TO CONTENT

(a) The company reserves the right to change or update the content of the Website, including these Terms of Use, without prior notice to Website users.

(b) The company may deny or terminate access to the Website at any time without notice.

10. SEVERANCE
If any provision of these terms of use is found to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason, the remaining terms shall continue in full force and effect.

11. ENTIRE AGREEMENT

(a) These Terms of Use represent the entire agreement between you and the company relating to your use of the Website, and any bookings you make using the Website.

(b) You agree that these Terms of Use supersede all prior agreements and arrangements whatsoever between you and the company and you agree to waive any remedy in respect of any untrue representation made by or on behalf of the company (whether innocently or negligently) prior to accepting these Terms of Use, regardless of whether such representation was made orally or in writing.

12. GOVERNING LAW
These Terms of Use are governed by the laws of England and Wales, and you agree that the English courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction in regard in to any dispute arising from your use of the Website.












Newsletter Sign up













Hoteliers

Travel Agents

Affiliates

Sitemap







Terms

Privacy Policy

Contact






Out and About





















World Rainbow Hotels is a global collection of gay and lesbian welcoming hotels.  To be approved into World Rainbow Hotels, hotels must meet a strict  selection criteria which analyzes the hotels location, characteristics  and category, knowledge of the local gay scene, current involvement with  the LGBT community and the hotel's compliance with non-discrimination  policies and same sex benefits for their staff. Hotels range from city centre hotels to resorts as well as a collection of small luxury and boutique properties.











Copyright World Rainbow Hotels 2012. All Rights Reserved





Website powered by
Zolv.com
and hotelzon










