
Why Book With Us - World Rainbow Hotels














A global brand of certified
gay and lesbian welcoming hotels
.

Find out more









Agent Logon






USD

EUR

GBP

INR

CAD

ZAR

NZD

JPY

DKK

BRL

CHF

CLP

CNY

HKD

ILS

ISK

NOK

PLN

RUB

SEK





Need help?

Manage booking




Call us today

+44 (0) 8000 124 464

Our help centre is open from Monday - Friday 8.30am - 5pm GMT


Try our live chat

Contact us





Gay Events

Explore Hotels



On a Map

Our Favourites

New Hotels




By Destination

Africa
Asia
Caribbean
Europe
Middle East
North America
Oceania
South America



By Style

Apart hotels
Art Deco
Boutique
Budget Chic
Classic
Design
Historic
Hot Deals
LGBT Iconic
Luxury
Modern
Resort
Romantic




Top Gay Cities




Amsterdam gay hotels

Gay accommodation Bangkok

Barcelona gay hotels

Berlin gay accommodation

Boston gay hotels

Gay hotels Buenos Aires

Gay hotel Chicago

Gay accommodation Istanbul

Gay hotels in Las Vegas

London gay accommodation

Los Angeles gay hotel

Gay hotels in Madrid

Gay hotels in Miami

Gay accommodation Montreal

Gay accommodation Mykonos

Gay hotel in New York

Paris gay accommodation

Hotels in Prague

Gay hotels in Rome

San Diego gay hotels

Gay San Francisco hotel

Seattle gay hotels

Stockholm gay hotels

Sydney gay accommodation

Gay hotels in Tel Aviv

Toronto gay accommodation

Gay hotels Washington DC







Gay Hotel Types




Gay boutique hotels

Gay beach hotels

Gay vacation resorts

Gay design hotels

Best gay island getaways

Gay spa hotels

Top gay luxury hotels

Gay city travel hotels







Gay Travel Tips











Book your hotel


Destination/Hotel





Travel Dates (optional)







Adults


--

1

2

3

4










Filter Results

Clear all filters


By Style





By Location





By Price





By Star Rating





By Amenity

















Adina Apartment Hotel Berlin























LGBT News













World Rainbow Hotels offer an authentic welcome
to all of guests, regardless of sexual orientation





Best rate available guaranteed
on the World Rainbow Hotels website





Pay when you stay
we do not charge any fees for booking online
and for most hotels you just pay when you stay





Secure and simple online booking
It is quick and easy to make a reservation
with World Rainbow Hotels





Exceptional & carefully chosen hotels
All of our hotel members are carefully reviewed
before they are accepted in our collection





The best gay and lesbian hotels
in the world's greatest destinations
for gay and lesbian travel





Out & About Gay Travel Guides
offered to all World Rainbow Hotel guests
on arrival









Why Book With Us?



Exceptional & carefully chosen hotels

Popular gay & lesbian destinations

Authentic gay & lesbian welcoming

Free "Out & About" gay travel guides

Best rate available guaranteed

Secure and simple online booking

Don't pay until you stay


Exceptional & carefully chosen hotels

All of  our hotel  members are carefully reviewed before they are accepted into  the World  Rainbow Hotels collection. Our acceptance criteria analyzes:


Hotel’s location

Hotel’s characteristics and category

Hotel’s knowledge of the local gay-scene

Hotel’s current involvement with the LGBT community

Hotel’s compliance with non-discrimination policies and same sex benefits for their staff




Popular gay & lesbian destinations

World  Rainbow  Hotels aims to provide a collection of hotels in the most  important  countries and cities for gay and lesbian travel. If you have a   recommendation for our team of a suitable destination or hotel that we   do not feature on the website, please
contact us
.



Authentic gay & lesbian welcoming

World  Rainbow Hotels  carefully selects our hotel members to ensure that when  you visit one  of our hotels, you can be offered a warm welcome and that  the hotel’s  staffs understands your travel concerns and how to meet  them.



If you stay at a hotel in our collection, and do not feel that they   meet our strict selection criteria, please contact the World Rainbow   Hotels team, providing full details.



Free "Out & About" gay travel guides

Each  hotel in the  World Rainbow Hotel’s collection will be able to provide  you with an  “Out & About” gay travel guide. The “Out & About”  gay travel  guide will be available from the front desk or concierge at  the hotel.



“Out & About” gay travel guides are available to provide you with   useful information about the local gay and lesbian scene in or around   the hotel (including restaurants, bars etc). Some of the “Out &   About” gay travel guides will also be made available via the World   Rainbow Hotel’s website.



Best rate available guaranteed

Unlike many other  travel  sites, World Rainbow Hotels does not mark up the rates we receive  from  the hotels. All our hotel members have committed to provide us  with  their Best Available Rate, ensuring that at the time of booking,  you  should not find the same room and rate combination for sale on  another  website for less.



Secure and simple online booking

It is quick and  easy to  make a reservation with World Rainbow Hotels. We will instantly  confirm  your reservation and send you a copy of all the reservation  details by  email.



Any personal information you submit on the World Rainbow Hotels   website is securely transmitted and stored. We respect your privacy and   we will protect your data. For more details refer to our
privacy policy
.



You can call our
customer support centre
, or chat with us online if you have any questions about making your reservation. Details are listed at the top of the page.



Don't pay until you stay

World Rainbow Hotels  does not  charge any fees for booking online. We also do not ask you to  prepay  for your stay, so you don’t pay until you check out, unless  otherwise  stated. Please ensure you read individual rate guarantee and  cancellation  policies, as there may be exceptions, which will be clearly  stated on the payment details page, some hotels may take a deposit and some hotels may charge cancellation fees. World Rainbow Hotels does not charge your credit card, we simply securely pass the details onto the hotel who may charge a deposit or cancellation fee if applicable and as outlined by the policies on the payment page. Please read our full
Terms and Conditions.












Newsletter Sign up













Hoteliers

Travel Agents

Affiliates

Sitemap







Terms

Privacy Policy

Contact






Out and About





















World Rainbow Hotels is a global collection of gay and lesbian welcoming hotels.  To be approved into World Rainbow Hotels, hotels must meet a strict  selection criteria which analyzes the hotels location, characteristics  and category, knowledge of the local gay scene, current involvement with  the LGBT community and the hotel's compliance with non-discrimination  policies and same sex benefits for their staff. Hotels range from city centre hotels to resorts as well as a collection of small luxury and boutique properties.











Copyright World Rainbow Hotels 2012. All Rights Reserved





Website powered by
Zolv.com
and hotelzon










