
World Rainbow Hotels - Privacy Policy














A global brand of certified
gay and lesbian welcoming hotels
.

Find out more









Agent Logon






USD

EUR

GBP

INR

CAD

ZAR

NZD

JPY

DKK

BRL

CHF

CLP

CNY

HKD

ILS

ISK

NOK

PLN

RUB

SEK





Need help?

Manage booking




Call us today

+44 (0) 8000 124 464

Our help centre is open from Monday - Friday 8.30am - 5pm GMT


Try our live chat

Contact us





Gay Events

Explore Hotels



On a Map

Our Favourites

New Hotels




By Destination

Africa
Asia
Caribbean
Europe
Middle East
North America
Oceania
South America



By Style

Apart hotels
Art Deco
Boutique
Budget Chic
Classic
Design
Historic
Hot Deals
LGBT Iconic
Luxury
Modern
Resort
Romantic




Top Gay Cities




Amsterdam gay hotels

Gay accommodation Bangkok

Barcelona gay hotels

Berlin gay accommodation

Boston gay hotels

Gay hotels Buenos Aires

Gay hotel Chicago

Gay accommodation Istanbul

Gay hotels in Las Vegas

London gay accommodation

Los Angeles gay hotel

Gay hotels in Madrid

Gay hotels in Miami

Gay accommodation Montreal

Gay accommodation Mykonos

Gay hotel in New York

Paris gay accommodation

Hotels in Prague

Gay hotels in Rome

San Diego gay hotels

Gay San Francisco hotel

Seattle gay hotels

Stockholm gay hotels

Sydney gay accommodation

Gay hotels in Tel Aviv

Toronto gay accommodation

Gay hotels Washington DC







Gay Hotel Types




Gay boutique hotels

Gay beach hotels

Gay vacation resorts

Gay design hotels

Best gay island getaways

Gay spa hotels

Top gay luxury hotels

Gay city travel hotels







Gay Travel Tips











Book your hotel


Destination/Hotel





Travel Dates (optional)







Adults


--

1

2

3

4










Filter Results

Clear all filters


By Style





By Location





By Price





By Star Rating





By Amenity











Why Book With Us?



Exceptional & carefully chosen hotels

Popular gay & lesbian destinations

Authentic gay & lesbian welcoming

Free "Out & About" gay travel guides

Best rate available guaranteed

Secure and simple online booking

Don't pay until you stay*



View more details

























LGBT News









Privacy Policy



HotelREZ Limited, trading as World Rainbow Hotels (“We”) are committed to protecting the privacy of our users. The following, together with our Terms of Use, outline our privacy and data protection policy.



For the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the “Act”), the data controller is HotelREZ Limited whose registered office is at Balderton Hall, Fernwood , Nottinghamshire, NG24 3JR, UK.
Third party partners and other websites you may access via this site, or our member sites, have different privacy policies and are not subject to this privacy policy. We recommend that you read the privacy statement of each such website to find out how they protect your personal information.

Collection and Use of User Details


We will collect and process the following data about you:
(a)    personal information about you which we aske you for (e.g. your name, address, and email address) when you make a booking from our website or over the telephone; when you register to receive a newsletter; or when you use this site.

(b)    financial details in order to process your reservation where a hotel requires pre-payment.

(c)    data in any surveys which we have asked you to complete.

(d)    details of transactions you carry out through our site and of the fulfilment of your orders.

(e)    your use of the World Rainbow Hotels website.

You should also be aware that the hotel with whom you book will be made aware that you have made your booking via this website (that is, a website setting out gay and lesbian friendly hotels) and may make assumptions as to your sexual preferences as a consequence.

We may use this information to:
•        reserve rooms and/or other services for you at selected hotels and to provide any other service offered by us which you choose to use;
•        pass on financial details for the purpose of making a reservation (please note any credit card details will not be retained by us);
•        personalise the content and advertising you will see based on your personal characteristics or preferences (including the fact that you have used this website (being gay and lesbian friendly);
•        notify you of our promotions, relevant new products and services;
•        notify you of promotions from members of our group which may be of interest to you (if you opt in to receiving such information);
•        send you newsletters informing you about our offers on independent hotels (if you have registered to receive a newsletter);
•        personalise your access to the site (where you have registered on our site);
•        ensure, as far as is practical, that our site is compatible with the browsers and operating systems used by most of our visitors;
•        contact you from time to time to ask for your opinion and suggestions on the services we are offering.

We may also use the information for in-house research to: improve our understanding of customer needs in developing our services, build marketing profiles, aid strategic development, and manage our relationship with advertisers. The results of all such research and analysis will be presented as anonymous or aggregated information and will not reveal any personal facts about individual customers.

If you are registering to be a partner with us, for example if you are representing a hotel, we may collect personal information from you in order that you can access our services.
When you visit the site, we may also collect web site usage information and information about your computer and internet connection, including your computer's IP address, the type and version of browser and operating system you use, your internet domain and, if you arrived our site via a link from another website, the URL of the linking page.



Please note that we have the ability to retain any data that you provide on this website using VeCapture by Ve Interactive, even if you do not complete your purchase by clicking submit. Such contact details and data may be used to contact you to enquire why you did not complete your transaction. If you have any questions about this or you do not want us to contact you for this purpose, please contact us on info@worldrainbowhotels.com

Disclosure of information


We will disclose your information to hotels and/or other third parties providing rooms and/or other services which you ask us to book for you. We may employ the services of a third party to help us in certain areas such as website hosting and email delivery. In some cases the third parties may receive your information. However, at all times we will control and be responsible for the use of your information. We will also disclose your information if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use or to protect the rights, property, or safety of HotelREZ Limited, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.

Your Rights

You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at info@worldrainbowhotels.com.

Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.

Access to Information

The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.

User Choices

By filling in your personal details on our registration forms, you agree that we may use the information as set out in this policy, and as explained on the registration pages.
Cookies

A cookie is a small file which is placed on the user's hard drive during a visit. This file allows the user to move quickly and easily around our site. It is used to identify returning users and to identify subscribers and registrants (a registrant - and subscriber - will have the cookie linked to their e-mail address as a way of identifying them). This means that if you are a registrant or subscriber, you will not have to login each time you visit. We also use a cookie to track a user's sessions. We use this information to find out what site features are most popular so that we can develop in the light of our analysis of people's usage. We also use cookies and the information we collect to show you relevant content and advertising.
You can delete cookies from your hard drive at any time. Bear in mind, though, that if you delete these cookies, any settings such as your stored username and password will have to be reset when you log in again.
The website currently sets 2 first party cookies:
1.    The ASP.NET Session cookie:

This is a cookie that just has an identifier held within and it will only last as long as the user’s browser is open. It is part of the standard ASP.NET framework. It enables the company to identify a user as the same user as they browse around the site, for instance, to remember the last search criteria or which hotel roomrate the user clicked to book. Those details are not stored in the cookie themselves but are on the company’s server

2.      A localization cookie:
This cookie is set as a direct result of the requirement to remember what currency the user selected to view the site in the last time they visited. The cookie contains a three letter currency code (e.g. "GBP") and will last on the user’s computer for up to 1 year (unless manually cleared).
The website also uses Google analytics, which sets its own 1st party cookies, details of which can be found in the Google analytics documentation: http://code.google.com/apis/analytics/docs/concepts/gaConceptsCookies.html

E-mails

We use reputable third party systems to deliver the e-mails you will receive from our site if you subscribe to our e-mail newsletters or have chosen to receive information about products and offers. These third party systems use unique identifiers and invisible images (often called "pixel tags" or "clear GIFs") to perform message open sensing, message format sensing, and clickthrough sensing on our behalf in order to bring you more relevant information.

Security Policy

We have put reasonable technical and organisational measures in place to ensure that users' personal details are not misused, accidentally destroyed, lost or altered within our server environment. However the internet is an open system and we cannot guarantee that unauthorised third parties will never be able to defeat these measures or use your personal information for improper purposes.

Transfer of Personal Data Overseas

Given that the Internet is a global environment, using the Internet to collect and process personal data necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis. Therefore, by browsing our sites and communicating electronically with us, you acknowledge and agree to our processing of personal data in this way.

Changes to this statement

We may make changes to our privacy policy from time to time, and post these changes on this website. Regularly reviewing this page ensures that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we will share it with third parties.












Newsletter Sign up













Hoteliers

Travel Agents

Affiliates

Sitemap







Terms

Privacy Policy

Contact






Out and About





















World Rainbow Hotels is a global collection of gay and lesbian welcoming hotels.  To be approved into World Rainbow Hotels, hotels must meet a strict  selection criteria which analyzes the hotels location, characteristics  and category, knowledge of the local gay scene, current involvement with  the LGBT community and the hotel's compliance with non-discrimination  policies and same sex benefits for their staff. Hotels range from city centre hotels to resorts as well as a collection of small luxury and boutique properties.











Copyright World Rainbow Hotels 2012. All Rights Reserved





Website powered by
Zolv.com
and hotelzon










