
Lesbian and Gay Travel Tips














A global brand of certified
gay and lesbian welcoming hotels
.

Find out more









Agent Logon






USD

EUR

GBP

INR

CAD

ZAR

NZD

JPY

DKK

BRL

CHF

CLP

CNY

HKD

ILS

ISK

NOK

PLN

RUB

SEK





Need help?

Manage booking




Call us today

+44 (0) 8000 124 464

Our help centre is open from Monday - Friday 8.30am - 5pm GMT


Try our live chat

Contact us





Gay Events

Explore Hotels



On a Map

Our Favourites

New Hotels




By Destination

Africa
Asia
Caribbean
Europe
Middle East
North America
Oceania
South America



By Style

Apart hotels
Art Deco
Boutique
Budget Chic
Classic
Design
Historic
Hot Deals
LGBT Iconic
Luxury
Modern
Resort
Romantic




Top Gay Cities




Amsterdam gay hotels

Gay accommodation Bangkok

Barcelona gay hotels

Berlin gay accommodation

Boston gay hotels

Gay hotels Buenos Aires

Gay hotel Chicago

Gay accommodation Istanbul

Gay hotels in Las Vegas

London gay accommodation

Los Angeles gay hotel

Gay hotels in Madrid

Gay hotels in Miami

Gay accommodation Montreal

Gay accommodation Mykonos

Gay hotel in New York

Paris gay accommodation

Hotels in Prague

Gay hotels in Rome

San Diego gay hotels

Gay San Francisco hotel

Seattle gay hotels

Stockholm gay hotels

Sydney gay accommodation

Gay hotels in Tel Aviv

Toronto gay accommodation

Gay hotels Washington DC







Gay Hotel Types




Gay boutique hotels

Gay beach hotels

Gay vacation resorts

Gay design hotels

Best gay island getaways

Gay spa hotels

Top gay luxury hotels

Gay city travel hotels







Gay Travel Tips











Book your hotel


Destination/Hotel





Travel Dates (optional)







Adults


--

1

2

3

4










Filter Results

Clear all filters


By Style





By Location





By Price





By Star Rating





By Amenity











Why Book With Us?



Exceptional & carefully chosen hotels

Popular gay & lesbian destinations

Authentic gay & lesbian welcoming

Free "Out & About" gay travel guides

Best rate available guaranteed

Secure and simple online booking

Don't pay until you stay*



View more details

























LGBT News









Lesbian and Gay Travel Tips



In many countries around the world, attitudes towards gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender travellers can be very different from what you are used to in your home country.



Laws relating to the LGBT community can vary significantly by country; some countries recognise same-sex marriages and civil partnership and have anti-discrimination laws, where as many others still have laws in place which punish same-sex sexual activity with the death penalty.



Make sure that you research information about gay and lesbian travel for the destination you intend to visit to before you book your stay.



On the World Rainbow Hotels website we have only listed hotels in countries and cities where attitudes to LGBT travellers are for the most-part friendly, however not all our destinations listed have changed their laws in-line with what is “tolerated”. We have provided destination information about the top gay and lesbian friendly travel destinations, which can be found by clicking on the destination pages under the “Explore hotels” menu.




Gay and lesbian travel in Africa


LGBT friendly travel in Asia


Gay travel in Europe


Gay and lesbian travel in the Middle East


Gay and Lesbian Travel in Oceania


LGBT travel in North America



Hotels in the World Rainbow Hotels collection have also put together for you information about the local gay and lesbian scene close to their hotel. For example hotels have provided details on local gay and lesbian bars and clubs as well as places of interest to gay and lesbian travellers. Look out for the link at the top of a hotel’s page to “Download the “Out and About” pack. Some sample Out and About gay and lesbian travel guides can be found along with more information about the travel guides on the
Out and About page
.



A full list detailing country by country with information about laws and attitudes to same-sex sexual activity, recognition of same-sex relationships, same-sex marriage, same-sex adoption, anti-discrimination (Sexual orientation) and laws concerning gender identity/expression can be found on
Wikipedia



However please treat this list with caution as even if a country has laws that can be interpreted as legal, certain acts may not be legal and in some cases same-sex relationships may be lawful, but the local society can be intolerant of open same-sex relationships. Also remember that quite often a place where it is legal for lesbian relationships to exist, may at the same time outlaw relationships between men.



Wherever you decide to travel to, have a fun and safe journey and make sure you come back and tell us all about it! World Rainbow Hotels will be launching an interactive platform, where you can share your gay travel tips with other potential travellers. You will be able to provide us with travel information about the local destination or about the actual hotel’s gay and lesbian vibe.












Newsletter Sign up













Hoteliers

Travel Agents

Affiliates

Sitemap







Terms

Privacy Policy

Contact






Out and About





















World Rainbow Hotels is a global collection of gay and lesbian welcoming hotels.  To be approved into World Rainbow Hotels, hotels must meet a strict  selection criteria which analyzes the hotels location, characteristics  and category, knowledge of the local gay scene, current involvement with  the LGBT community and the hotel's compliance with non-discrimination  policies and same sex benefits for their staff. Hotels range from city centre hotels to resorts as well as a collection of small luxury and boutique properties.











Copyright World Rainbow Hotels 2012. All Rights Reserved





Website powered by
Zolv.com
and hotelzon










