
World Rainbow Hotels - Affiliate Program














A global brand of certified
gay and lesbian welcoming hotels
.

Find out more









Agent Logon






USD

EUR

GBP

INR

CAD

ZAR

NZD

JPY

DKK

BRL

CHF

CLP

CNY

HKD

ILS

ISK

NOK

PLN

RUB

SEK





Need help?

Manage booking




Call us today

+44 (0) 8000 124 464

Our help centre is open from Monday - Friday 8.30am - 5pm GMT


Try our live chat

Contact us





Gay Events

Explore Hotels



On a Map

Our Favourites

New Hotels




By Destination

Africa
Asia
Caribbean
Europe
Middle East
North America
Oceania
South America



By Style

Apart hotels
Art Deco
Boutique
Budget Chic
Classic
Design
Historic
Hot Deals
LGBT Iconic
Luxury
Modern
Resort
Romantic




Top Gay Cities




Amsterdam gay hotels

Gay accommodation Bangkok

Barcelona gay hotels

Berlin gay accommodation

Boston gay hotels

Gay hotels Buenos Aires

Gay hotel Chicago

Gay accommodation Istanbul

Gay hotels in Las Vegas

London gay accommodation

Los Angeles gay hotel

Gay hotels in Madrid

Gay hotels in Miami

Gay accommodation Montreal

Gay accommodation Mykonos

Gay hotel in New York

Paris gay accommodation

Hotels in Prague

Gay hotels in Rome

San Diego gay hotels

Gay San Francisco hotel

Seattle gay hotels

Stockholm gay hotels

Sydney gay accommodation

Gay hotels in Tel Aviv

Toronto gay accommodation

Gay hotels Washington DC







Gay Hotel Types




Gay boutique hotels

Gay beach hotels

Gay vacation resorts

Gay design hotels

Best gay island getaways

Gay spa hotels

Top gay luxury hotels

Gay city travel hotels







Gay Travel Tips











Book your hotel


Destination/Hotel





Travel Dates (optional)







Adults


--

1

2

3

4










Filter Results

Clear all filters


By Style





By Location





By Price





By Star Rating





By Amenity











Why Book With Us?



Exceptional & carefully chosen hotels

Popular gay & lesbian destinations

Authentic gay & lesbian welcoming

Free "Out & About" gay travel guides

Best rate available guaranteed

Secure and simple online booking

Don't pay until you stay*



View more details

























LGBT News









World Rainbow Hotels Affiliate Progam




Become a World Rainbow Hotels affiliate
make money when you start generating reservations






World Rainbow Hotels has recently launched a new website along with an extensive marketing campaign. We are in the process of setting up an affiliate programme and are looking for partners.

The World Rainbow Hotels affiliate program will offer commission to affiliate partners who generate reservations on the World Rainbow Hotels website. We will be using independent third party affiliate networks to track and pay commissions directly into your bank.

Join us and earn commissions from your website traffic!

Sign up to the World Rainbow Hotels affiliate program and quickly start making money from the lucrative LGBT market. We offer a competitive, minimum 4% commission for each and every valid booking generated and there are no set up or running costs. Commissions are promptly paid 30 days after the guest’s departure. High volumes of bookings earn higher commissions.



Why become a World Rainbow Hotel affiliate?


Don’t Pay until you Stay
. One of the major attractions for customers of World Rainbow Hotels is there is no online booking fee and for most types of bookings the customer doesn’t pay until check-out.

Best Available Rate
. World Rainbow Hotels has negotiated special rates with the hotels, so that bookers should not find the hotel cheaper on another channel; increasing the likelihood of visitors making a reservation.

Support from your World Rainbow Hotel affiliate program manager
. On hand affiliate advice, support and know-how to deal with queries, maximise your income and make affiliation even easier.

All bookings are fully tracked using independent, third party affiliate networks.


No coding knowledge required. All links will include your unique affiliate code, which is passed through to us with all bookings. A 30 day cookie generates a unique enquiry code and tracks online bookings.

A personal affiliate account with statistics and tracking reports to monitor your success. You can be reassured that you are optimising your campaign and are earning exactly what you should be.



Hotel bookings without worries
. World Rainbow Hotels does all the complicated part of the booking such as reservation processing, email confirmations and customer support. Affiliates can just focus on bringing in more bookings and earning more money.

Our comprehensive range of creative and integration resources
. Have the flexiblity to choose the type of campaign or integration that best suits your needs.

Simple text links to the home page.

Deep links to specific website sections. e.g. www.worldrainbowhotels.com/europe/uk/london

Multiple sizes of banners, creatives, button links and logos.

Booking/ Search widgets embeddable in web pages.

Special offers and promotional widgets injectable into web pages.

XML Feeds to provide real time data and pricing information.




Remember, the LGBT (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender) market is an important sector for the world travel industry with estimates of nearly $165 billion in leisure travel spending potential in 2012, according to the ongoing Out Now LGBT2020 survey.

If you would like to earn money from this profitable niche market through the World Rainbow Hotels Affiliate program,
please complete our short registration form
and we will promptly get in touch with you.












Newsletter Sign up













Hoteliers

Travel Agents

Affiliates

Sitemap







Terms

Privacy Policy

Contact






Out and About





















World Rainbow Hotels is a global collection of gay and lesbian welcoming hotels.  To be approved into World Rainbow Hotels, hotels must meet a strict  selection criteria which analyzes the hotels location, characteristics  and category, knowledge of the local gay scene, current involvement with  the LGBT community and the hotel's compliance with non-discrimination  policies and same sex benefits for their staff. Hotels range from city centre hotels to resorts as well as a collection of small luxury and boutique properties.











Copyright World Rainbow Hotels 2012. All Rights Reserved





Website powered by
Zolv.com
and hotelzon










