
Madrid, Spain - Unscene Travel























































My Account

Booking cart

Contact Us

Frequently asked questions












Gay adventure holidays








Our destinations


Berlin, Germany

Copenhagen, Denmark

Madrid, Spain

Prague, Czech Republic



Blog

About us

Contact us

Frequently asked questions










Madrid, Spain



Madrid, Spain












Madrid, Spain


Toggle navigation









Trip Information


Payment Schedule

Our travel concept




















Join us for a 4 day, 3 night trip to Madrid, Spain, where we’ll explore this fascinating city, see the sights and meet new friends.

Your trip includes:


Accommodation in a 3* hotel

Breakfast each morning

Dinner on all 3 nights sampling Madrid’s great food and drink options.

Activities detailed below


Your trip excludes:


Flights

Insurance


About the trip:

Madrid has gone through a period of regeneration and it’s now classed as one of the top destinations in Europe to visit. The Prado, Reina Sofia and Thyssen-Bornemisza museums have become world class, while the centre of the city has become a place that’s brimming full of new boutiques, delis, cafés and gastrobars. It’s perfect for a culture-rich long weekend or city break, with great food and a lively atmosphere at night.

We’ll spend time sampling Madrid’s exploding food scene whilst getting to know this new and exciting city. You’ll also have plenty of time to sample the local beers and the local gay scene (if you so wish!).

Unscene travel holidays are laid back and easy going and you can take part in the planned activities as much or as little as you want.

We recommend booking flights as soon as your place is confirmed,
as they do tend to go up the closer we get to the departure date. We’ve listed your trip leader’s flight below if you’d like to join us from Edinburgh.

Current flight options

Edinburgh to Madrid

Thu 16 June 2016
Dep 12:00 – Arr 15:55 Flight EZY6995

Sun 19 June 2016
Dep 21:10 – Arr 23:05 Flight EZY6996

Cost:
Around £120pp (Correct as of 15th February 2016)

Similar flights available from other regional UK airports.






Information

Read More






Payment Schedule

You don’t need to pay for your trip all at once. Our pay monthly option makes it really easy and cost effective to pay for your adventure. Long Weekend in Madrid: You can pay for this trip in two instalments. Your first payment is due when you book and your second payment is due 30 days later. Should the departure date be …

Read more


Madrid, Spain








Our travel concept

Travelling with Unscene travel is different from every other package holiday or self booked trip. We know the destinations like the back of our hand and we know where the best bars and clubs are. We’ve also managed to secure a great deal at some really great restaurants so that you really get a chance to sample the local flavours. We …

Read more


Madrid, Spain









Book your place




Long weekend in Madrid: 16 – 19 June 2016

£448.00

Select options















Copyright 2017 Unscene Travel All rights reserved
Terms and conditions
|
About us
|
Contact us
|
Privacy Policy