
About Unscene Travel - Unscene Travel



















































My Account

Booking cart

Contact Us

Frequently asked questions












Gay adventure holidays








Our destinations


Berlin, Germany

Copenhagen, Denmark

Madrid, Spain

Prague, Czech Republic



Blog

About us

Contact us

Frequently asked questions











About Unscene Travel



We are Conrad, Gerry and Kent and we love travel!

Specifically, we love traveling with our friends, and to be frank, that’s how all of this started. Being a little bored with what most ‘scenes’ have to offer, in 2013 Conrad started
Unscene Edinburgh
, a meetup group for gay and bi guys away from the scene.

The idea was simple; loads of events focused around outdoor activities like walking, hiking, canoeing, climbing, cinema, dinners, city exploring, countryside exploring, weekend trips away – the list is endless!

Within six months there were over 250 members. A year in there were over 600 members. Now, three years on, there are over 1000 members and we’ve run over 300 different events.

As time has gone by, more and more members requested trips further afield and for longer durations. We looked at a number of existing providers of organised travel, and tried some too, with varying degrees of satisfaction.

Most of the gay holiday companies that we had previously encountered just weren’t offering the diversity of travel experiences we wanted.

They all tended to focus on the same boring old ‘scene resorts’. Sure, we wanted to pop into the local gay scenes but we didn’t want our trips to revolve around them.

So, we got out our maps, decided where we waned to go and began planning our own trips. As time went on more friends joined us or took advice from us. Now, we’re a company!

Kent, having over thirty years experience in the travel industry, ensured that we had great connections in the industry meaning we could put tremendously exciting packages together and pass on savings to our customers.

Gerry, with interests in a number of businesses, as well as being a travel lover, brings customer experience and business operations to the party.

So we have a very experienced, tightly managed and customer focussed team at the helm making sure you get the most out of your Unscene Travel holiday.

We organise hosted group travel for single or coupled gay & bi guys. Groups will range in size from 10 – 15 people per trip.
See where we’re heading next.

And we want you to join us!

Because we are a new company we are starting out with group travel trips in Europe throughout 2016 and in 2017 & 2018 we’ll be adventuring further afield – we’re looking at adding locations as diverse as Thailand and South Africa!

Exploring the world with
Unscene Travel
is like being on holiday with old friends and you can feel reassured and relaxed knowing that our trip leaders are experienced, outgoing people you can rely on.

Flexible itineraries ensure that you get the most enjoyment out of your
Unscene Travel holiday
– you can do as much or as little as you like!

So, what are you waiting for? Let’s go explore the world together!

Contact us
today and ask us anything you like about Unscene Travel or register for our Unscene Travel Newsletter & keep up to date with our planned trips and itineraries.














Hear first about our next events
Join our mailing list to receive the latest news and updates abour our trips.














SUBSCRIBE!






You have Successfully Subscribed!


Your details are safe with us and we'll never send you SPAM, ever.

















Copyright 2017 Unscene Travel All rights reserved
Terms and conditions
|
About us
|
Contact us
|
Privacy Policy
