
Terms and Conditions - Unscene Travel






















































My Account

Booking cart

Contact Us

Frequently asked questions












Gay adventure holidays








Our destinations


Berlin, Germany

Copenhagen, Denmark

Madrid, Spain

Prague, Czech Republic



Blog

About us

Contact us

Frequently asked questions











Terms and Conditions



YOUR CONTRACT IS WITH SELECT WORLDCHOICE LTD trading as and hereinafter referred to as SELECT WORLD TRAVEL, a Member of ABTA.

1. Your holiday contract
When you make a booking you undertake that you have the authority to accept and do accept on behalf of your entire party the terms of these booking conditions which (subject to the exclusion set out below) apply to all bookings and contracts. You also agree that you are responsible for all payments due from other members of such party including yourself. A contract will exist as soon as a deposit payment has been made against a confirmation invoice and a receipt has been issued by us. All contracts between you and Select World Travel are made exclusively on the terms of these booking conditions, which are governed by English Law, and the jurisdiction of the English Courts.

In certain circumstances, your contract will be with the supplier concerned (eg the airline or tour/cruise operator) whose terms and conditions (including their ABTA and ATOL protections) will apply and are available on request. We recommend that you ask for them and read them before you make any final booking so that you are aware of how they may affect your booking. You will be advised if this applies at the time of booking. In circumstances where Select World Travel acts only as a booking agent Select World Travel has no liability whatsoever to you or any of your party for any of the arrangements.

2. Your Financial Protection
When you buy an ATOL protected flight or flight inclusive holiday from us you will receive an ATOL Certificate. This lists what is financially protected, where you can get information on what this means for you and who to contact if things go wrong.

We, or the suppliers identified on your ATOL Certificate, will provide you with the services listed on the ATOL Certificate (or a suitable alternative). In some cases, where neither we nor the supplier are able to do so for reasons of insolvency, an alternative ATOL holder may provide you with the services you have bought or a suitable alternative (at no extra cost to you). You agree to accept that in those circumstances the alternative ATOL holder will perform those obligations and you agree to pay any money outstanding to be paid by you under your contract to that alternative ATOL holder. However, you also agree that in some cases it will not be possible to appoint an alternative ATOL holder, in which case you will be entitled to make a claim under the ATOL scheme (or your credit card issuer where applicable).

If we, or the suppliers identified on your ATOL certificate, are unable to provide the services listed (or a suitable alternative, through an alternative ATOL holder or otherwise) for reasons of insolvency, the Trustees of the Air Travel Trust may make a payment to (or confer a benefit on) you under the ATOL scheme. You agree that in return for such a payment or benefit you assign absolutely to those Trustees any claims which you have or may have arising out of or relating to the non-provision of the services, including any claim against us, the travel agent (or your credit card issuer where applicable). You also agree that any such claims may be re-assigned to another body, if that other body has paid sums you have claimed under the ATOL scheme.

Many of the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website – are financially protected by the ATOL scheme. But ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed on this website. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. Please see our booking conditions for information, or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to: www.atol.org.uk/ATOLCertificate

3. ABTA
We are a Member of ABTA, membership number 89917. We are obliged to maintain a high standard of service to you by ABTAs Code of Conduct. We can also offer you an arbitration scheme for the resolution of disputes arising out of, or in connection with this contract. Further information on the Code and arbitration can be found on ABTAs website www.abta.com The arbitration scheme (the Scheme) is arranged by ABTA and administered independently by IDRS, part of the Chartered Institute of Arbitrators. It provides for a simple and inexpensive method of arbitration on documents alone with restricted liability on you in respect of costs. Full details will be provided on request or can be obtained from the ABTA website. The Scheme does not apply to claims for an amount greater than £5,000 per person. There is also a limit of £25,000 per booking. Neither does it apply to claims which are solely in respect of physical injury or illness or their consequences. The Scheme can however deal with compensation claims which include an element of minor injury or illness subject to a limit of £1,000 on the amount the arbitrator can award per person in respect of this element. The application for arbitration and Statement of Claim must be received by IDRS within nine months of the date of return from the holiday. Outside this time limit arbitration under the Scheme may still be available if Select World Travel agrees, but the ABTA Code does not require such agreement. For injury and illness claims, you may like to use the ABTA/Chartered Institute of Arbitrators Mediation Procedure. This is a voluntary scheme and requires us to agree for mediation to go ahead. The aim is to help you resolve your dispute in a quick and cost effective way. Details on request or from www.abta.com.

4. Your Holiday Price
1) We reserve the right to alter the prices of any of the holidays shown on our Website, quoted in our office, shown in any brochures or sales materials and/or over the telephone. You will be advised of the current price of the holiday that you wish to book before your contract is confirmed.

2) When you make your booking you must pay a deposit the amount of which will be shown on the confirmation invoice. The balance of the price of your travel arrangements must be paid at least 10 weeks before your departure date. If the deposit and/or balance is not paid on time, we shall reserve the right to cancel your booking and travel arrangements. If the balance is not paid on time and we exercise our right to cancel your booking and travel arrangements we shall retain your deposit.

Changes in transportation costs, including the cost of fuel dues, taxes or fees chargeable for services such as landing taxes or embarkation or disembarkation fees at ports and airports and exchange rates mean that the price of your travel arrangements may change after you have booked. However there will be no change within 30 days of your departure. We will absorb and you will not be charged for any increase equivalent to 2% of the total price of your travel arrangements, which excludes insurance premiums and any amendment charges. You will be charged for the amount over and above that, plus an administration charge of £1.00 per person. If this means that you have to pay an increase of more than 10% of the total price of your travel arrangements, you will have the option of accepting a change to another holiday if we are able to offer one (if this is of equivalent or higher quality you will not have to pay more but if it is of lower quality you will be refunded the difference in our price) for each respective holiday, or cancelling and receiving a full refund of all monies paid, except for any amendment charges. Other tour operators conditions may differ.

Should you decide to cancel for this reason, you must exercise your right to do so within 14 days from the issue date printed on your final invoice.

Tickets and other travel documents will only be released when we have received full payment (in cleared funds) from you for your total invoiced price.

5. If You Change Your Booking
If, after our confirmation invoice has been issued, you wish to change your travel arrangements in any way, for example your chosen departure date or accommodation, we will tryto make these changes but it may not always be possible. Any request for changes to be made must be in writing from the person who made the booking. You will be asked to pay an administration charge of £25, and any further cost we incur in making this alteration. You should be aware that these costs could increase the closer to the departure date that changes are made and you should contact us as soon as possible.

Note: Certain travel arrangements may not be changeable after a reservation has been made and any alteration request could incur a cancellation charge of up to 100% of that part of the arrangements.

6. If You Cancel Your Holiday
You, or any member of your party, may cancel your travel arrangements at any time. Written notification from the person who made the booking on your behalf must be received at our offices. Since we incur costs in cancelling your travel arrangements, you will have to pay the applicable cancellation charges up to the maximum shown in clause 7. For some bookings a full non-refundable payment may be required at the time of booking. You will be advised if this applies.

Note: If the reason for your cancellation is covered under the terms of your insurance policy, you may be able to reclaim these charges separately from your insurers. We strongly recommend that you take out travel insurance.

7. If We Change or Cancel Your Holiday
It is unlikely that we will have to make any changes to your travel arrangements, but we do plan the arrangements many months in advance. Occasionally, we may have to make changes and we reserve the right to do so at any time. Most of these changes will be minor and we will advise you of them at the earliest possible date. We also reserve the right in any circumstances to cancel your travel arrangements. For example, if the minimum number of clients required for a particular travel arrangement is not reached, we may have to cancel it. However, we will not cancel your travel arrangements less than 8 weeks before your departure date, except for reasons of force majeure or failure by you to pay the final balance. If we are unable to provide the booked travel arrangements, you can either have a refund of all monies paid (less any insurance premium and amendment fees) or accept an offer of alternative travel arrangements of comparable standard from us, if available (we will refund any price difference of ours if the alternative we offer is of a lower value). If it is necessary to cancel your travel arrangements, we will pay to you compensation as set out in this clause. In accordance with EU Regulation 2111/2005 we are required to advise you of the actual carrier operating your flight/connecting flight/transfer.

Any changes to the actual airline after you have received your tickets will be notified to you as soon as possible and in all cases at check-in or at the boarding gate.

Such a change is deemed to be a minor change. Other examples of minor changes include alteration of your outward/return flights by less than 12 hours, changes to aircraft type, change of accommodation to another of the same standard. If we make a major change to your holiday, we will inform you as soon as reasonably possible if there is time before your departure. You will have the choice of either accepting the change of arrangements, accepting an offer of alternative travel arrangements of comparable standard from us if available (we will refund any price difference of ours if the alternative is of a lower value), or cancelling your booked holiday and receiving a full refund of all monies paid. In all cases, except where the major change arises due to reasons of force majeure, we will pay compensation as detailed below:


Force Majeure: This means that we will not pay you compensation if we have to cancel or change your travel arrangements in any way because of unusual, unforeseeable or avoidable circumstances beyond our control. These can include, for example, war, riot, industrial dispute, terrorist activity and its consequences, natural or nuclear disaster, fire, volcanic ash or adverse weather conditions.

8. If You Have A Complaint
If you have a problem during your holiday, please inform the relevant supplier (e.g. your hotelier) immediately who will endeavour to put things right. Please do not hesitate to contact us to see if we can help if the local supplier fails to rectify your problem. If your complaint is not resolved locally, please follow this up within 28 days of your return home by writing to our Customer Services Department at 16 Haven Road, Poole, Dorset BH13 7LP giving your booking reference and all other relevant information. Please keep your letter concise and to the point. This will assist us to quickly identify your concerns and speed up our response to you. It is strongly recommended that you communicate any complaint to the supplier of the services in question as well as to their representative without delay and complete a report form whilst in resort. If you fail to follow this simple procedure we will have been deprived of the opportunity to investigate and rectify your complaint whilst you were in resort and this may affect your rights under this contract.

9. Our Liability to You
Subject to 1 above, if the contract we have with you is not performed or is improperly performed by us or our suppliers we will pay you appropriate compensation if this has affected the enjoyment of your travel arrangements. However we will not be liable where any failure in the performance of the contract is due to: you; or a third party unconnected with the provision of the travel arrangements and where the failure is unforeseeable or unavoidable; or unusual and unforeseeable circumstances beyond our control, the consequences of which could not have been avoided even if all due care had been exercised; or an event which we or our suppliers, even with all due care, could not foresee or forestall. Our maximum aggregate liability, except in cases involving death, injury or illness caused by our negligence, shall be limited to a maximum of 3 times the total cost shown on your travel confirmation invoice in respect of the relevant travel arrangements. Subject to any liability of ours not exceeding our maximum aggregate liability stated above, our liability will also be limited in accordance with and/or in an identical manner to:-

(a) The contractual terms of the companies that provide the transportation for your travel arrangements. These terms are incorporated into this contract; and

(b) Any relevant international convention, for example the Montreal Convention in respect of travel by air, the Athens Convention in respect of travel by sea, the Berne Convention in respect of travel by rail and the Paris Convention in respect of the provision of accommodation, which limit the amount of compensation that you can claim for death, injury, delay to passengers and loss, damage and delay to luggage. We are to be regarded as having all benefit of any limitation of compensation contained in these or any conventions.

You can ask for copies of the transport companies’ contractual terms, or the international conventions, from our offices 16 Haven Road, Poole Dorset, BH13 7LP, telephone 01202 709881. Under EU law (Regulation 261/2004) you have rights in some circumstances to refunds and/or compensation from your airline in cases of denied boarding, cancellation or delay to flights. Full details of these rights will be publicised at EU airports and will also be available from airlines. However reimbursement in such cases will not automatically entitle you to a refund of your holiday cost from us. Your right to a refund and/or compensation from us is set out in clause 7. If any payments to you are due from us, any payment made to you by the airline and/or any other third parties from whom you recover monies or other compensation will be deducted from this amount. If your airline does not comply with these rules you should complain to the Air Transport Users’ Council on 020 7240 6061 www.auc.org.uk

10. Prompt assistance in resort
If the contract we have with you is not performed or is improperly performed as a result of failures attributable to a third party unconnected with the provision of the services, or as a result of failures due to unusual and unforeseeable circumstances beyond our control, the consequences of which could not have been avoided even if all due care had been exercised, or an event which we or our suppliers, even with all due care, could not foresee or forestall, and you suffer an injury or other material loss, we will offer you such prompt assistance as is reasonable in the circumstances.

11. Passport, Visa and Immigration and Health Requirements
Your specific passport and visa requirements, and other immigration requirements are your responsibility and you should confirm these with the relevant Embassies and/or Consulates. We do not accept any responsibility if you cannot travel because you have not complied with any passport, visa or immigration requirements. You must ensure that each member of your party is medically fit to travel. The cancellation charges set out in 7 above will continue to apply in circumstances where you or any of your party has to cancel a booking for medical reasons. You are strongly advised therefore to take out separate medical insurance at the time of booking.

12. Excursions
Excursions or other tours that you may choose to book or pay for whilst you are on holiday are not part of your package holiday provided by us. For any excursion or other tour that you book, your contract will be with the operator of the excursion or tour and not with us and you will be subject to their standard terms and conditions. We are not responsible for the provision of the excursion or tour or for anything that happens during the course of its provision by the operator.














Hear first about our next events
Join our mailing list to receive the latest news and updates abour our trips.














SUBSCRIBE!






You have Successfully Subscribed!


Your details are safe with us and we'll never send you SPAM, ever.

















Copyright 2017 Unscene Travel All rights reserved
Terms and conditions
|
About us
|
Contact us
|
Privacy Policy
