
Best Spa Hotels in Yorkshire | UK Spa Breaks & Holidays























EN


IT


FR


ES


DE




Welcome! Already registered?

Access your profile


Are you a new user?

Register







About us

|

Contact Us

|

Privacy

|

F.A.Q.

|

Add your hotel







Home



Flash Deals



Flights



Car Hire



Apartments



Attractions



Transfers



Ferries



Ski



Hostels















Error








close









Top 7 Spa Hotels in Yorkshire for Exclusive Spa Breaks in UK



BEST SPA HOTELS IN YORKSHIRE

Enjoy our selection of hotels with spa facilities






You need to take a break in a beautiful and relaxing place? Family, work and other tasks increased your stress to a worrying level? The only way out is to take some time for yourself with a wellness holiday in the
most beautiful spa hotels in Yorkshire
!






The Majestic from 150 CHF







Middlethorpe Hall & Spa from 239 CHF









Rudding Park from 246 CHF







Hilton City from 88 CHF







The Bridge from 175 CHF









Aldwark Manor from 177 CHF







Mercure from 163 CHF







TREAT YOURSELF TO A SPA HOLIDAY IN YORKSHIRE
If you want to spend your holidays at a spa, a weekend of well-being,
combine wellness with the pleasure of discovering
new places, then Yorkshire is the right choice. Let the benefit of spa waters conquer you and allow yourself a special break in this region.
We carefully selected our
best hotels in Yorkshire
, in order to facilitate your search and make your stay in Yorkshire a very special one. All our chosen hotels have spas, where all those wellness treatments, hamam and relax in the pools will surely spoil you.
Candle massage, shiatsu, ayurvedic massage, hydromassage, heated swimming pools and jacuzzi and much more. In your Yorkshire spa hotel you will surely find what you are looking for.
In a couple, with your friends, your family and, why not, even by yourself, there are a lot of possibilities to spend an unforgettable
holiday full of relax and well-being in Yorkshire
.
Look at our best offers in a Yorkshire spa hotel and spend your well deserved holidays in a great way.
Yorkshire is one of the oldest counties in the United Kingdom and one of the most
enchanting
ones, where you can find some of the most
renowned spa destinations
of the entire country. Romans already knew the benefits of such spa waters and Yorkshire has a lot of curative springs.
Discover the most beautiful spas in Yorkshire and
choose your spa hotel
that best fits your budget and taste!

Exclusive Spa Hotels in Harrogate
Harrogate is one of the most
famous spa destinations
in the entire UK. Its elegant spas are more than 400 years old. Their impact on people is absolutely amazing.
The Majestic Hotel
is the ideal place for a
regenerative spa break in Yorkshire
. Situated in a green area, this elegant spa hotel in Harrogate offers internal pools, saunas and comfortable rooms for your relax and your beauty treatments.
Among the best hotels in Harrogate you can choose
Hotel Rudding Park
and its
luxury wellness centre
. Aromatherapy, massages and hamam, it's an embarrassment of riches. Come and plunge into the sulfurous waters of Harrogate and enjoy the wonders of the city as well.
Harrogate is not only famous for its Turkish baths, like the world famous Victorian Turkish Baths full of Arabic mosaics and vaulted ceilings, but also for the Harlow Carr botanical gardens and the fourteenth century still totally preserved Ripley Castle. Discover all our
hotels in Harrogate
and enjoy your spa holidays in Yorkshire.


The best Spa Hotels in York
What is better than a spa break in the English countryside, if you want to recover from your daily fatigues? We propose two enchanting
spa hotels for your breaks in York
.
The Middlethorpe Hall & Spa
and the
Adwark Manor Golf & Spa
. If you are looking for pure relax in Yorkshire, look no further. Here you will spend pleasant moments by the pool, in the
hydromassage
or in the
steam baths
.
York is a
historical town
. Its walls date back to the fourteenth century and the whole city is
one of the best preserved
ones in the whole UK. The cathedral, one of the most important Gothic buildings in Europe, The Shambles, an old medieval road with its elegant shops, restaurants and tea rooms, the Roman walls and the Castle Museum are only a few examples of its glorious past. Have a look at our
best hotels in york
and discover this medieval city for your next holidays in Yorkshire.

Hotels with Spas in Leeds for your Wellness Holidays
If you're looking for a special spa break in UK, you cannot miss one of the best spa Hotels in Leeds.
Amongst the most requested hotels with spas in Leeds we suggest the
Hilton Leeds City
, with its well-equipped wellness center with Turkish bath and sauna, and a staff that will take good care of you with facial and body treatments, Swedish massages and much more. It will feel like heaven!
Besides the spas,
Leeds has a lot to offer
. On the banks of the Aire River, this Yorkshire city is in a very strategic position if you want to visit the entire region, full of villages and moorlands.

Hotels with Spas in Sheffield
The
Mercure Sheffield St Paul's Hotel and Spa
with its
Spa Naturelle
is the ideal place to recharge your body and your mind. Staying in this hotels you will benefit from a spa where you will be able to choose among
different treatments
for your body and your face as well as a sauna and a Turkish bath. What to say about the
indoor swimming pool
? Simply fantastic!
Besides the well-being treatments, do not miss the chance to see Sheffield. Tourist attractions like Sheffield cathedral, the nineteenth-century Town Hall, the Millennium Gallery are waiting for you. Find your hotel and
discover Sheffield
.

Top Spa Hotels in Wetherby
If you are looking for a
spa hotel in Wetherby
,
The Bridge Hotel & Spa
is for you!
What is better than an infusion after taking a sauna or spend the entire day relaxing and being spoiled by the staff? Enjoy this elegant spa in this charming four star hotel where you can find several rooms for treatments and massages, sauna and much more for your well-being.
On the banks of the Wharfe, Wetherby is a very
good starting point
to visit the whole Yorkshire region. Enjoy the most beautiful attractions this city can offer. Take advantage of
a stay in Wetherby
!










































Affiliate program
|
Sitemap
|
Contact Us

|
Blog





CALL CENTRE:




+1.201.7438951




+44.20.35297877




+39.041.8876916




+33.1.74180358




+34.91.1436908




+41.315.280172




+39.041.8876916



E-mail:
info@hotelsclick.com



Opening times:
Monday - Friday: 9.00 - 19.00 CET (GMT+1) / Saturday: 9.00 - 13.00 CET (GMT+1)














Copyright © 2005/17 Hotels Click srl. All rights reserved | P.Iva IT-08850561005 | Licence: 2390/2013 on 07/31/2013 issued by the province of Venice.







