
Terms and Conditions




Hotels

Transfers

Activities

Destinations











All languages


Català

Danish

Deutsch

English

English (US)

Español

Español (LATAM)

Français

Indonesian

Italiano

Nederlands

Norsk

Polski

Português

Portugues-Brasil

Suomi

Swedish

Ελληνικά

русский

简体中文




Top currencies


Euro (EUR)

Pounds Sterling (GBP)

US Dollar (USD)


All currencies


Argentine Peso (ARS)

Australian dollar (AUD)

Bulgarian Lev (BGN)

Chinese Yuan (CNY)

Danske Kroner (DKK)

DINAR (BAD)

Dollar Canada (CAD)

Emirati Dirham (AED)

Hong Kong Dollar (HKD)

Indian Rupee (INR)

Indonesian rupiah (IDR)

Israeli Shekel (ILS)

Koruna Ceská (CZK)

KUNA (HRK)

Kuwaiti Dinar (KWD)

Leu Românesc (RON)

Magyar Forint (HUF)

Malaysian Ringgit (MYR)

Moroccan Dirham (MAD)

New Zealand Dollar (NZD)

Norsk Krone (NOK)

Peso Mexicano (MXN)

Philippine peso (PHP)

Polski Złoty (PLN)

Russian Ruble (RUB)

Saudi Arabian Riyal (SAR)

Schweizer Franken (CHF)

Singapore Dollar (SGD)

South African Rand (ZAR)

South Korean Won (KRW)

Svenska Kronor (SEK)

Thai Baht (THB)

Turkish Lira (TRY)





Call us!
343 803 3228
Ref.
: HOTCA

More phone numbers



Homepage
>




General Terms and Conditions




Tecnical Organization

This website offers two distinct products:
Online Booking and Payment
for accommodation, marketed
                     by HOTELOPIA, S.L.U., (hereinafter
Hotelopia
), a legally constituted Spanish company registered in Palma
                     de Mallorca, Complex Mirall Balear, Camí de Son Fangos, 100; Torre A, 5na planta, C.P. 07007, which operates as a wholesale-retail
                     travel agency, with tax identification number (C.I.F.) B-57218356, with licence number BAL- 481 M/D granted by the Department
                     of Tourism of the Regional Government of Balearic Islands (Spain), inscribed in the Commercial Registry office of Palma de
                     Mallorca (page PM-44857, volume 2007, folio 148) and
Online Booking and Direct Payment
at the accommodation
                     establishment, as promoted by LIBERATE, S.L.U., a legally constituted Spanish company registered at Complex Mirall Balear,
                     Camí de Son Fangos, 100; Torre A, 5na planta, C.P. 07007, Palma de Mallorca, with tax identification number (C.I.F.) B-07067465
                     (hereinafter
Liberate
).
Hotelopia and Liberate are part of Hotelbeds Group.
This website is
                     property of Hotelopia, on whose website,
www.hotelopia.com
(hereinafter, the website), Liberate has licensed non-exclusive
                     use of its name for the promotion of its Hotel direct payment method.
Both products, offered on
www.hotelopia.com
,
                     will be made available exclusively to end users (hereinafter, you). Said products are subject to the following General Terms
                     and Conditions:


General Terms and Conditions of booking

This website belongs to HOTELOPIA, S.L.U. (hereinafter referred to as “Hotelopia”), a legally constituted Spanish
                  company, which operates as a wholesale-retail travel agency. Hotelopia is based in Palma de Mallorca 07007 (Spain), Complex
                  Mirall Balears, Camí de Son Fangos, 100; Torre A, 5na planta, with licence number BAL-481 M/D, tax identification code (C.I.F.)
                  B-57218356 and registered in the Mercantile Register of Palma de Majorca (page PM-44857, volume 2007, folio 148).
The
                  content of the Hotelopia website is directed solely at consumers who book the product through Hotelopia (hereinafter referred
                  as “you” or “your”). Access to the Hotelopia website is strictly controlled by Hotelopia.
You are given the ability
                  to obtain information on transfers, ticket and excursion services, hotels, apartments, and other accommodations and make reservations,
                  subject to the acceptance of the General Terms and Conditions displayed on the website, in accordance to the prices, rates
                  and conditions of cancellation displayed at the moment of booking. The website will guide you through the booking procedure.
Any
                  booking that you make through this website is conditional on you accepting these General Terms and Conditions, as well as
                  the Legal Notice,Cookies policy and Privacy Policy from Hotelopia. The Legal Notice, Cookies policy and the Privacy Policy
                  form an integral part of our website and cannot be separated from the general contracting conditions. By visiting, using or
                  ordering from the Hotelopia website, you expressly consent and agree to be bound by the Terms and all applicable laws and
                  regulations that govern this website and your booking.
If you do not agree to be bound by the Terms, you must not proceed
                  with your booking.
Hotelopia acts as an independent agent only in respect of all
bookings
that we make
                  or
other services
provided. Hotelopia accepts no liability in relation to any contract you enter into or
                  for any accommodation that you book at a certain price, up to when the booking has been confirmed and payment is received
                  by Hotelopia (see the section 'Payments details').
If you have an urgent query, please contact our
Customer
                  Services Centre
.
You can also contact Hotelopia by calling the following phone number 1 877 246 6313 and /
                  or by fax 971469228, and / or by sending an email to Headoffice@hotelopia.com.
The telephone numbers are given on the
                  website and in your booking confirmation voucher. You can also use the contact form provided on the website.
Back
                  to top
1. Modification of Website and General Terms and Conditions
1.1 Website Modification and
                  General Terms and Conditions
Hotelopia may make improvements or changes to the information, elements,
                  data, services, and other materials on this website, or terminate this website, at any time without notice.
Likewise,
                  Hotelopia may change the General Terms and Conditions at any time and said change shall be effective from the moment it is
                  published on the website. As a consequence, any subsequent access to and use of this website implies your approval of the
                  new General Terms and Conditions.
Nevertheless, the General Terms and Conditions will apply to you as of the date of
                  the booking confirmation.
Hotelopia may suspend access to this website, due to maintenance works, net security
                  reasons or Act of God, with no obligation to reimburse or compensate you for the period in which access was suspended.
1.2. Access and browsing of our Website
On this website you can control the size of the text,
                  colours and design of the page, depending on the features your browser has.
To browse this website once you've left
                  the home page, use the menu at the top of each page.
You can change the font size of this document through your browser,
                  according to your preferences, as follows:
(a) In Internet Explorer, select View, and then text size, and then your
                  preferred size; or
(b) If you are using an alternative browser, check the browser's specific instructions.
You
                  can import your own page design on this website by following these steps:
(a) In Internet Explorer, select Tools, then
                  Internet Options and then accessibility. Then click on any or all of the three verification boxes to ignore colours, font
                  styles or font sizes. In the same window you can change the page design by marking the box that says, "format document using
                  my page design", then simply go to your page design and click Accept;
Or
(b) If you're using an alternative browser,
                  check the browser's specific instructions.
We've analysed this website thoroughly and we are always prepared to improve
                  our accessibility tools. We would like to know if you've found this website accessible or if you've had any problems. Please
                  send an email to Headoffice@hotelopia.com with your question or comment, or call 0871 711 9494.
We will do everything
                  reasonably possible to ensure that our website is free of viruses, however, due to the very nature of the Internet and viruses
                  and other similar malicious codes, we cannot and do not guarantee that this will be the case. Please take care and remember
                  that it is your responsibility to protect your computer, tablet or mobile device against viruses. Make sure that you log out
                  on shared computers after using them. It is always advisable to run an antivirus scan on all content and materials downloaded
                  from the Internet in general and from the website in particular.
Back to top
2. How to Book and Contract Service via the Hotelopia Website
Contracting Procedure
The contracting
                  of services via this website shall be undertaken using the following procedure: Select your destination and dates, along with
                  the accommodation provider or transfer or ticket and excursion services of your choice. Check your destination and dates before
                  continuing with your booking.
You can make a booking in the following ways:
1. Contact our Customer Service Center
                  on the following telephone number 0871 711 9494 and / or fax number 971 469 228, or by email Headoffice@hotelopia.com.
2.
                  When you can, follow the booking procedure step by step. The steps to follow are:
During the booking process, Hotelopia
                  will request personal data such as your name, surname or credit card details. All of the data collected will be treated in
                  accordance with the Hotelopia Privacy Policy. Such data will be handled under the strict adherence to the Organic Law 15/1999,
                  13th December for the Protection of Personal Dataand / or any legislation that implements, adds, or replaces the "Regulation
                  for the Protection of Personal Data" (RPDP) and will be used to facilitate and enable the recruitment and booking of specific
                  services that your request entail. Please make sure that the details entered are correct.
In addition, you will be asked
                  to provide information necessary to carry out payment, which will have to be made by credit card through a payment gateway
                  specifically established for this purpose. Payment transactions on the Hotelopia website are encrypted by a secure payment
                  system endorsed by some of the world's leading banks and our site is verified by Thawte. For further information, please see
                  the 'Payment Details' section.
You give your consent by clicking on the 'Book' button at foot of the page on which you
                  are requested to provide payment details. Such confirmation will be sent electronically to Hotelopia, S.L.U., who shall be
                  in charge of storage and conservation to guarantee the process. Confirmation of the purchase by a service provider implies,
                  in any case, the binding of a contract and the undertaking by you to pay the established amounts. Once you have given your
                  consent, a page will open confirming the purchase and you will receive an e-mail containing information in this regard.
If you make any mistakes when entering your details during the booking process, you can identify and correct
                  them before you send the booking form, but if you have already sent the booking form, please send an email to Headoffice@hotelopia.com
                  or call 0871 711 9494. Please note: it is important that you check the information you have entered and correct any errors
                  before confirming your booking.
Back to top
No Handwritten Signatures
Given the nature of online transactions, you hereby acknowledge the impossibility of
                  signing the letter of payment, understood as the document by means of which consent is normally given to a transaction. For
                  this reason, you accept not to sign any electronic transaction generated as a result of booking via the Hotelopia website.
The
                  person who fills in the booking form on the website must be authorised to do so in the name of all the members of the group
                  travelling together and must confirm that all members accept the booking conditions. Furthermore, this person shall be responsible
                  for the total cost of the reservation, including cancellation or amendment charges, and shall inform the other members of
                  the group of the confirmation details and other pertinent details relating to the booking.
After proceeding to the product
                  reservation via the website, Hotelopia will then confirm it by email and provide a service voucher. You must print and present
                  this voucher when you arrive at the establishment where the service(s) is/are offered, or when it/they commence(s).
If Hotelopia has reasonable grounds to suspect that the booking is actually fraudulent, it may cancel it automatically and
                  send a notification email to the email address provided by the customer at the time of booking
Back
                  to top
3. Legal Age and Responsibility
You guarantee that you are of legal age and have full legal capacity
                  and sufficient authorisation to enter into this agreement and the capacity to enter into contracts. In order to confirm your
                  booking, you must have authorisation from all the people named on the booking, in addition to the corresponding parental authorisation
                  for under 18s included therein. When making the booking, confirm that all the people named in such accept these terms and
                  conditions, and that you will be responsible for informing all the people named on the booking of the details of the confirmation
                  and any other relevant information. Making the corresponding booking makes you responsible for any payment corresponding thereto.
You
                  hereby guarantee that all the personal information provided in the process of reservation and registering for the service
                  is correct. Likewise, you accept the financial responsibility for all transactions made in your name or via your bank account.
By
                  accepting the General Terms and Conditions, and pursuant to Directive 2000/31/EC on particular legal aspects of Information
                  Society services and Electronic Commerce, you consent and authorise Hotelopia to request from the contracted service providers
                  any personal information relating to you or your group. Such information shall be treated in compliance with European Directives
                  95/46 and 2002/58, as well as any other such legislation that substitutes, complements or elaborates the PDPR, and will be
                  used to process bookings and payments made at your request.
Thus, personal information shall be understood to include,
                  but not be limited to: any telephone numbers, fax numbers, e-mail addresses, addresses of residences, signatures, ID or passport
                  copies, credit card details, personal preferences, disabilities, or any special dietary or religious requirements or any other
                  personal information related to you or your group that may be relevant for the completion of your reservation.
Back
                  to top
4. Included in the reservation
The price of the basic accommodation that you will pay to Hotelopia when
                  you confirm your booking includes:
The total cost
of accommodation and meals,
including all
                  services specified on the booking confirmation voucher.
All taxes and mandatory accommodation service fees
                  that Hotelopia has to charge by law. They exclude the rates and applicable charges from the resorts, those that have been
                  established in their specific conditions and are sepearate from ours, and also, as well as any tax required to be paid on
                  arrival, by yourself, such as: tourist tax, environmental tax, etc, as detailed in Sections 5 and 21 of these Conditions.
VAT
                  on all holidays in EU countries.
The price of the transfer that you will pay to Hotelopia when you confirm your
                  booking includes:
Any services as stated on your services voucher.
All obligatory transfer service charges
                  and taxes.
VAT on all holidays in EU countries.
The price of the ticket and excursion you will pay to
                  confirm your reservation with Hotelopia includes:
All the services specified in the service voucher.
Value
                  Added Tax in EU countries.
The published prices on our website are in the local currency corresponding to
                  the market and language selected by you. Regarding the exchange rate, it will be as established in Section 18 of these conditions.
The published prices on our website include the total price of the contracted service, including the previously
                  mentioned items, which will be broken down in your booking voucher. The expenses or costs that are not included are shown
                  in the following section.
Back to top
5. Not Included in the reservation
The price of the basic accommodation does not include:
Additional
                  charges for rooms, meals or under-occupancy in apartments that are not stated to be included in your booking.
Charges
                  that hotels or apartments may charge for facilities such as, cribs, minibus services, sunbeds, sauna, tennis courts and equipment,
                  concierge, etc.
Deposits requested on arrival at the accommodation.
Current USA Resort Fees: Certain fees
                  that cannot be included by Hotelopia in the price of the booking apply in some USA Resorts. In case that you are staying in
                  a USA Resort, please refer to the 'Hotel Info' section in order to get further information concerning this question.
Certain
                  countries have a local tax, known as 'occupation tax' or 'tourist tax', which must be paid directly by the end user at the
                  accommodation provider or at the airport. The Russian tourist tax must be paid by the end user at the first hotel that they
                  stay at in the country.
The referred to costs, if any, should be paid by you to the corresponding third party
                  (the establishment, airport etc.).
Before confirming your booking and in the case that the associated costs accrue
                  any of these additional costs, you will be informed in advance of their existence and, if possible, the amount or how it can
                  be calculated, and the date of accrual and who should be paid, subject to the disclaimer provided below.
Most
                  accommodation suppliers may request you upon arrival a holding deposit on a credit or debit card for incidental charges incurred
                  during the stay, such as long distance telephone charges, room service, resort fees, in-room movies, damage or theft of hotel
                  property, mini bar usage and other such hotel amenities.
Disclaimer: Hotelopia will provide the referred to information
                  as published on the Website as of the date you make the reservation. Nevertheless, Hotelopia is not responsible for any errors,
                  inaccuracies or variations in the costs involved in the booking, which may occur during or after the booking is confirmed,
                  through no fault of Hotelopia, such as: legislative changes, change in the exchange rates, erroneous information provided
                  by the establishment, changes not notified to Hotelopia, etc, as well as any unforeseeable circumstances, shall be exempt
                  from liability, arising from such errors or inaccuracies in the information provided.
The transfer price does
                  not include:
Any service that is not specified in the booking confirmation.
Special equipment such as sporting
                  equipment (golf clubs, skis, windsurf boards, etc.) and electric wheelchairs, of which will be subject to a surcharge.
Before
                  confirming your reservation, provided that you have indicated in your booking application the presence of special baggage,
                  you will be informed of the charge and its amount, the date of accrual and whom to pay, subject to the disclaimer provided
                  below.
Disclaimer: Hotelopia will provide the referred to information as published on the Website as of the date
                  you make the reservation. Nevertheless, Hotelopia is not responsible for any errors, inaccuracies or variations in the costs
                  involved in the booking, which may occur during or after the booking is confirmed, through no fault of Hotelopia, such as:
                  legislative changes, change in the exchange rates, erroneous information provided by the establishment, changes not notified
                  to Hotelopia, etc, as well as any unforeseeable circumstances, shall be exempt from liability, arising from such errors or
                  inaccuracies.
The price of the ticket and excursion service does not include:
Any service not
                  specified on the reservation confirmation.
Children
Child prices and other conditions relating to children
                  are agreed upon with each accommodation provider and are not based on any one criterion; therefore, given that each accommodation
                  provider applies its own special conditions and prices, we ask that you inquire about this point when making your booking.
Regarding
                  Accommodation Services:
Special prices and discounts will always apply for children sharing a room with two paying
                  adults.
COTS: Due to the limited stock of cots that the establishments may have available, please advise us at the time
                  of booking if you require a cot. If an additional cost is applicable, this might be paid by you direct to the accommodation
                  provider.
Third Person:
The majority of establishments consider the booking of a third person as a reservation
                  for an extra bed in the two-person room. This extra bed is provided at an extra cost included in the final price.
Back to top
6. Transfers
The following conditions will apply to customers who buy transfer services through Hotelopia.
Hotelopia agrees to transport passengers and their luggage on the trip in accordance with the services booked through
                  Hotelopia. This service is subject to these special transport conditions and any other condition applicable to the reserved
                  services, whether they are of a special or general nature.
Hotelopia is not obliged to transport children under 14 years
                  of age unless the child is accompanied by a parent or legal guardian who is at least 18 years old. In some destinations a
                  fee may be applied for children under 2 years of age occupying a seat, whilst in other destinations they may travel free of
                  charge if accompanied by a full paying passenger of least 16 years of age. A reservation is required for each child over 2
                  years of age.
The service can only be used by the person(s) identified in the booking or by the person who made the
                  purchase, and are non-transferable to another person. To confirm a reservation, you should have the authorisation of all persons
                  named in the reservation and will be responsible for verifying that all of the travellers named accept the booking conditions,
                  furthermore making the reservation renders you responsible for any corresponding payments, including any possible cancellation
                  or modification fees. You will be also responsible for informing all of the persons named in the reservation on the details
                  of the confirmation and any other pertinent information.
Reservations.
The reservation of transfer services must be made with
                  a minimum of 48 hours prior to departure time, unless the service provider or destination requires a greater amount of time.
The booking is conditional upon your confirmation, as indicated below.
The booking confirmation shall be processed
                  through the Hotelopia website. Once the transfer booking is complete, the screen will display a voucher with a reference number.
                  This voucher must be printed and presented as proof of the booking.
Voucher:
The voucher will contain all the information needed
                  to locate the departure point of the transport. The voucher will also show a contact phone number to verify the reservation
                  and obtain information on possible contingencies.
Hotelopia advises users to request the confirmation of a transfer
                  service 24 hours prior to the time that the service is to be provided. Transfers are not guaranteed if a confirmation is not
                  previously requested or whether it is not available.
You must carry the voucher at all times during the transfer service
                  and are required to show it for inspection on request, furthermore you are to maintain the voucher in good condition.
Lost
                  vouchers.
HOTELOPIA is not obliged to replace a voucher
                  if it has been lost, forgotten or stolen; the user may be demanded to purchase a new voucher to obtain the service.
Ripped
                  or damaged vouchers.
If the voucher is ripped or damaged
                  it will be rendered invalid, and if you travel with it, it will be understood that you have travelled without a voucher. Passengers
                  can access their reservation at any time through the Hotelopia website, where they can send the voucher to their email address
                  or it could be directly printed off.
When using a transfer, you shall be responsible to make sure that you are using
                  the right service to reach your destination as it has been contracted.
Luggage.
Each passenger is allowed to carry one suitcase and
                  one unit of hand luggage. Any excess luggage must be declared during the booking process. Hotelopia reserves the right to
                  apply a charge for excess baggage, which will be indicated prior to the booking confirmation.
Hotelopia shall be informed
                  when objects such as sports equipment (golf clubs, skis, windsurf boards, etc.) or electric wheelchairs are carried, of which
                  will be subject to a surcharge. Hotelopia may impose a surcharge on a discretionary basis in function of the service provider
                  and destination requirements. This additional fee must be paid before departure. Otherwise, Hotelopia can refuse to transport
                  bulk items.
Both excess luggage as well as the transport of special items should be adequately reported in the "Comments
                  to the transportation provider" option that can be accessed during the booking process.
Luggage must be clearly labeled
                  with the names of the passengers and the destination address.
It is understood that you will carry all your luggage
                  and personal belongings, regardless of where they are deposited inside the vehicle, and that the luggage and personal belongings
                  are transported under your own responsibility. Hotelopia recommends that you are present during the handling, loading and
                  unloading of your luggage.
Hotelopia reserves the right (and delegates this right in the drivers and designated agents)
                  to refuse to transport anyone who they believe is under the influence of alcohol or illegal substances and/or whose conduct
                  is a threat to the driver, vehicle or other passengers. Under such circumstances, Hotelopia reserves the right to not provide
                  a refund and to not provide an alternative transfer service.
Passengers are not allowed to consume alcohol in any of
                  the means of transport. The only exception to this is in the case where it has been agreed in writing between Hotelopia and
                  passengers who contract a limousine. In these cases, the consumption of a reasonable amount of alcohol is permitted. No smoking
                  is allowed, unless the driver has given permission to do so.
You shall be liable for any damage caused in the course
                  of irregular offensive behavior or vandalism.
Hotelopia recommends you to arrive to the departure point of the transport
                  service with a minimum of 10 minutes before of the scheduled time of departure.
If you arrive after the scheduled time
                  of departure, Hotelopia is authorised to give the seat to another passenger, in which case you are deemed to have lost your
                  transfer. Hotelopia is not responsible for late arrivals to the departure point of the transport service, and will not be
                  obliged to delay the service, nor to provide an additional transfer service.
All transfers will be held on the date
                  specified on the voucher and sufficient time should be taken to make a successful connection with the airport service schedule
                  or other means of transport provided by each carrier.
Airline companies suggest that you are at the airport at least
                  2 hours prior to the scheduled departure time.
If you miss your flight or if it is delayed, and in the case that you
                  contracted travel insurance, Hotelopia can provide you with documentation that may be required to inform your insurance company
                  in order to cover the costs of a new transfer. Other costs will be at your own charge.
Despite what is stated in the
                  preceding paragraph, transfers from the airport can be automatically delayed if the flight is delayed.
You assume your
                  obligation to comply with the specific regulations established by the service provider during the course of the transfer.
Back to top
7. Ticket and excursion service
The following conditions will be applied to those clients who reserve
                  tickets and/or excursions through Hotelopia. Hotelopia agrees to offer the client the ticket and/or excursion according to
                  the services purchased through our website.
This service will be subject to these conditions and any other condition
                  applicable to the services reserved, whether they be particular or general. Hotelopia is not obliged to offer services to
                  children under 14 years of age, unless they are accompanied by a guardian who is 18 years of age or older. Some destinations
                  may apply a tariff for children under the age of 2, while others may enjoy the service at no cost if they are accompanied
                  by a full-paying passenger of 16 years of age or older. Reservations must be made for children over the age of 2.
The service purchased may only be enjoyed by the person(s) named on the reservation, or by the person for whom it has been
                  made, and may not be transferred to another person for use. The person who completes the reservation form on the website must
                  possess the authority granted to him or her by the other members of the party. He or she must confirm that the person(s) listed
                  on the aforementioned form accept the conditions of the reservation and assume responsibility for the full cost of the service,
                  which may include cancellation or modification charges. He/She will inform the other members of the party about the confirmation
                  details and any remaining pertinent information.
Reservations
.
                  Reservations for tickets must be made within the minimum notice period established by the supplier of the services purchased.
                  The confirmation of the reservation will be sent from the Hotelopia website. Once the reservation is completed, a voucher
                  with a reference number will appear on the screen. The voucher must be printed and presented as proof of the reservation.
Voucher:
The voucher will include all the details necessary to find the location of the establishment that provides the service, or
                  the meeting point where the excursion starts. The voucher will also display a contact telephone number to check the reservation
                  and obtain information about possible contingency. You must keep the voucher about your person at all times during the period
                  of the service purchased, keep it in good condition and have it available for inspection when required to do so.
Lost Vouchers
.
                  HOTELOPIA will not be required to replace the voucher if it is lost, forgotten or stolen. In this case, vouchers must be re-purchased
                  in order for the service to be enjoyed.
Damaged
                  or modified vouchers
. If the voucher is damaged
                  or modified it will be considered as void. The client can access his/her reservation at all times via the Hotelopia website
                  to resend the voucher to his/her email inbox or even print it on command.
Back to top
8. Payment Details
At the time of your booking, the full quoted amount will be deducted from your credit
                  or debit card. Payment transactions on the Hotelopia website are encrypted by a secure payment system endorsed by some of
                  the world's leading banks and our site is verified by Thawte.
This technically secure environment ensures that credit
                  card details cannot be intercepted and are not revealed to anyone other than to financial institutions required to process
                  payment instructions from the customer.
Our payment system currently accepts the following payment methods:
Visa
Visa
                  Electron
Master Card
Amex
Diners Club Card
PayPal (only verified accounts)
In
                  order to confirm the payment, a signed authorization from the cardholder may be needed, as stated in paragraph number two
                  of the General Conditions.
As regards invoicing, if you should request an invoice, you agree to receive an electronic
                  invoice, which you will receive via email in PDF format. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you can revoke this consent by contacting
                  the Customer Service Centre
For any queries that you may have, please contact our
Customer
                  Services Centre
.
The telephone numbers are given on the website and in your booking confirmation voucher.
                  You can also use the contact form provided.
Back to top
9. Modification or Cancellation of accommodation reservations
Modifications
You can contact
                  the Customer Services Centre regarding any modification.
Any changes, including, by way of example but not limited
                  to, partial cancellations, rectifications or a reduction in the number of nights, shall be subject to an administration fee
                  of 11.00 USD per change made. In some cases, the change may imply cancellation fees on the part of our provider, of which
                  you will be informed prior to confirming your booking. In these cases the applicable cancellation fee will be charged instead
                  of the administration fee.
All urgent modifications (bookings within 72 hours prior to arrival) should be processed
                  by telephone through our Customer Services Centre.
For non-urgent modification (more than 72 hours before arrival),
                  please contact our Customer Services Centre.
The telephone numbers are given on the website and in your booking confirmation
                  voucher. You can also use the contact form provided.
Cancellations
You may cancel your reservation at any time on the website. During the booking process, you will
                  be notified of the cancellation fees that apply to your reservation, as well as the period for them to be applicable.
In
                  the case of confirming a booking, you thereby accept the applicable costs regarding the aforementioned concepts.
If
                  a booking of services through Hotelopia is withdrawn, you will be entitled to a refund of the amount of what was paid, deducting
                  from this any amounts accrued from the expenses of cancellation. The sum of cancellation fees varies according to destination,
                  date, provider, and the cancellation period.
Upon confirming the booking, you will be informed of the various costs,
                  in accordance with the required notification date for cancellations. Please note that cancellation deadlines are based on
                  the time and date of the destination where your hotel stay is booked, and not on the time and date of the country where the
                  reservation was made. Cancellation is not permitted through the website on the day of arrival, and therefore any such cancellation
                  should be done by contacting Hotelopia. Cancellation charges are dependent upon the policy of the hotel and can reach up to
                  100% of the total price.
If for exceptional reasons the cancellation cannot be made via the Hotelopia website, your
                  letter of cancellation must be sent in writing to Hotelopia detailing the destination and reservation number. Hotelopia shall
                  send acknowledgement of receipt and inform of all the charges, if any, which may be applicable. You shall be responsible for
                  obtaining such confirmation and/or acknowledgment of the cancellation of the reservation.
You must cancel your booking
                  through Hotelopia in all cases; you are not allowed to cancel your booking directly through the accommodation provider.
If
                  you decide to leave the accommodation before the reserved departure date, then you should address any claim for a refund of
                  any unused nights to Hotelopia within twenty days following the effective date of departure, together with written confirmation
                  from the accommodation provider of the time and date of your departure.
During peak occupation periods, the accommodation
                  provider may charge the full amount of the original reservation.
Reservations made via Hotelopia may be cancelled by
                  either party with no penalty whatsoever in the event of Act of God, such as, without restriction, war, revolution, acts of
                  terrorism, closure of borders, epidemics, catastrophes or other causes that seriously affect the various destinations and
                  in particular the place where the accommodation provider is located.
In the event that Hotelopia, at its own discretion,
                  considers that a booking has been made fraudulently using a certain credit/debit card, the booking shall be cancelled by Hotelopia.
IMPORTANT
Throughout the year, some accommodation providers may change name or trading name, which shall not
                  be construed as a change of accommodation or modification/amendment of the reservation.
Any accommodation ratings
                  and/or categories have been provided by the accommodation providers and are in accordance with local regulations applicable
                  to each country. Therefore, accommodation in one country may not be similar in terms of services and quality to accommodation
                  in another, despite stating that it is of the same category or rating.
The information provided by HOTELOPIA
                  by any means, has been inserted in good faith but HOTELOPIA cannot guarantee that it is completely free from inaccuracies
                  and typographical errors and does not accept liability for any error or omission that may exist in the information supplied
                  by HOTELOPIA. Obvious errors and mistakes (including misprints, typographical errors and errors in calculating currency conversion,
                  errors in pricing in general, etc.) are not binding. In the event of an error or mistake being made, HOTELOPIA or the supplier
                  reserves the right to cancel any booking and refund monies paid by the you to HOTELOPIA in relation to such booking (if applicable),
                  this will be without any liability to you.
Hotelopia will advise you of any information supplied by the accommodation
                  provider regarding the existence and duration of any refurbishment or renovation works within the accommodation. Hotelopia
                  will not accept any claim from you regarding refurbishment or renovation work of which Hotelopia has not been advised or which
                  extends beyond the planned date of conclusion.
Inexistence of the legal right to withdraw: By applying the exceptions
                  referred to in Article 103 of the Revised Text of the General Law for the Defence of Consumers and Users, approved by Royal
                  Legislative Decree 1/2007, 16 November, you will not have the legal right to withdraw or cancel the services purchased on
                  this website, regardless of the cancellation policy included in these conditions.
Failure to Honour Booking (No
                  Show)
If you do not show up at the accommodation on the arrival date stated on your booking voucher and a cancellation
                  had not been previously made, you or any member of your party will not be entitled to any refund.
10. Modification and Cancellation of transfer services or the ticket and excursion service
Modifications
All
                  modifications are subject to availability and an increase in the price or administrative costs will affect the cardholder
                  who provided their details during the booking process.
For any modifications, you can directly contact the Customer
                  Services Centre.
No changes or alterations will be permitted less than 24 hours before the anticipated service
                  time, unless the service provider requires a longer notice period.
The departure and destination addresses indicated
                  on the voucher are where you will be collected and dropped off respectively. Hotelopia also reserves the right to not provide
                  a service if the requested transfer differs greatly from the service originally booked. No modification or alteration shall
                  be permitted with less than 24 hours before the scheduled departure time of the transfer, unless the service provider or destination
                  allow for a greater amount of time.
Cancellations
You will be allowed to cancel the (transfer) services contracted through the Hotelopia website. Cancellations
                  must be made at least 24 hours in advance of the scheduled time for the (transfer) contracted service, unless the service
                  provider or destination requires an earlier notice, in which case you will be informed prior to the booking confirmation.
If
                  you cancel your reservation prior to your arrival date, you will be charged the cancellation fees,
of which you will
                  be informed prior to the booking confirmation
. Hotelopia will refund the total amount paid, minus the cancellation
                  fee incurred with respect to the provider (transfer)
service within 5-20 working days of the cancellation notification
.
                  You will not recieve any kind of refund if the cancellation occurs with less than 24 hours until the scheduled transfer, or
                  less than the notice required by the service provider.
Failure to honour booking
Your absense / failure to show up, without prior notice, will be treated as a cancellation
                  made with less than 24 hours notice, as stated above. Therefore, we will not refund any amount for the absence in the above
                  terms. Hotelopia will inform you of the cancellation fee generated to pay, which can be up to 100% of the amount of the booking.
Important
Inexistence of the legal right to withdraw regarding tickets and tours: By applying the exceptions
                  referred to in Article 103 of the Revised Text of the General Law for the Defence of Consumers and Users, approved by Royal
                  Legislative Decree 1/2007, November 16, you don’t have the legal right to withdraw, as stated in this Law, when purchasing
                  from the tickets service, subject to the cancellation policy included in these conditions.
There is also no legal
                  right to withdraw regarding the transfers, by the nature of the service as a passenger transport contract, subject to the
                  cancellation policy contained in these conditions.
Back to top
11. Promotions and Discount Codes
Discount Code
A discount code is the right to a discount for
                  a specific period of time and under certain conditions established by Hotelopia.
How to use a Discount Code?
A
                  discount code may only be used on a Hotelopia web page. A promotional discount code may be used on the Hotelopia website,
                  upon request through the reservation process; the code will have to be entered when you make your booking.
A promotional
                  code may be used once only and for one booking only. Discount codes are not to be used together with other promotions.
A
                  discount code may not be used for bookings made at a previous stage.
A discount code can only be used for the
                  online payment method.
Any balance remaining following the use of a promotional code, may not be transferred or drawn.
What happens if I cancel or change a Discounted Booking?
If you cancel or choose not to use a discounted booking
                  then you are not entitled to a refund of the Discount or any reinstatement of the Promotion.
If you change a discounted
                  booking then you will not be entitled to a refund of the Discount or reinstatement of the Promotion but if the booking is
                  maintained and is changed only by adding product(s) then the value of the Discount is retained.
Can Hotelopia Cancel
                  or Refuse to Redeem a Discount Code?
Hotelopia may at any time cancel, withdraw or refuse to redeem a discount code
                  if Hotelopia reasonably believes that a code is being used unlawfully or illegally. You agree that you will have no claim
                  against us in respect of any such cancellation or rejection.
Should Hotelopia not apply the use of a promotional code
                  as part of a booking, for whatever reason, Hotelopia shall inform of the correct cost of the booking before charging the payment
                  to give you the opportunity to confirm the booking and accept the terms.
Limitation of Liability
In the event
                  that Hotelopia cancel, remove, do not apply or refuse the use of a promotion, in no case are Hotelopia liable for losses or
                  damages, whether direct or indirect of any kind, including lost profits and the like.
The rest of the conditions
                  stated above for discount codes also apply to promotions, when appropriate.
Promotion
A promotion is the right
                  to a discount or special rate for the booking of a reservation at a hotel during a specified period of time (the period in
                  which the promotion is valid), according to certain conditions. It may also be a reference to a promotional code or discount
                  code.
In the event that Hotelopia cancel, remove, do not apply or refuse the use of a promotion, in no case are Hotelopia
                  liable for losses or damages, whether direct or indirect of any kind, including lost profits and the like.
The
                  rest of the conditions stated above for discount codes also apply to promotions, when appropriate.
Back
                  to top
12. Before you travel
Hotelopia is not liable for damages or losses that may result from travel to
                  any particular destination. It is your responsibility to be conveniently informed about the conditions and risks involved
                  when travelling to certain destinations.
It is your responsibility to ensure you have the relevant travel and health
                  documents before departure for the country you are visiting, which shall include, but is not limited to, any inoculations
                  that may be required, ID documents, passport and visas. Hotelopia shall not be liable for any expense incurred resulting from
                  your missing, incomplete or incorrect documentation or any non-compliance with requirements.
Back to
                  top
13. Insurance
You are strongly advised to contract adequate travel insurance prior to arriving to your
                  destination, which should cover, amongst other things, personal losses and all medical and material costs in the event of
                  an accident or illness during the trip.
Back to top
14. Act of God
Hotelopia will not be liable for any changes or cancellations effected on your booking,
                  or for any loss or damage suffered by you arising from any failure by the accommodation providers and/or Hotelopia to properly
                  perform any of our respective obligations to you, if the non-performance is caused by events classified as Act of God. By
                  way of example, Act of God includes, but is not limited to, war, revolutions, acts of terrorism, closure of borders, epidemics,
                  natural catastrophes or other causes that seriously affect both parties, as well as other unforeseeable causes beyond Hotelopia's
                  control.
Back to top
15. Complaints related to the Accommodation
In the unlikely event that you have reason to complain or
                  experience any problems with your accommodation, please inform the accommodation reception staff or management immediately,
                  to enable them to take appropriate action.
Should you not be satisfied with the solutions offered, please contact Hotelopia
                  Customer Services Centre by calling the telephone number listed on the website, or by filling out the form therein, accessible
                  on the website menu.
Hotelopia is not held responsible for any damage or related matter to do with actions, omissions
                  or negligence on the part of any provider or third party.
Hotelopia complaints forms are available on request to all
                  clients. To request a complaints form please mail
headoffice@hotelopia.com
.
Back to top
16. Exemption of responsibility for transfer services and ticket and excursion service
HOTELOPIA will
                  take reasonable measures to ensure that vehicles arrive in time to complete the term for which they have been hired, and that
                  they reach their destination on time. The vehicles are fully insured with respect to both passenger and third party claims
                  according to the specific legislation in force.
If for any reason Hotelopia does not take you to the confirmed destination,
                  you will be provided with an appropriate means of transportation such as another coach, private car, taxi, etc. Any reimbursement
                  made by Hotelopia with respect to the costs of using alternative transportation incurred to arrive to the address indicated
                  on the voucher, in no case will exceed the cost of reaching the destination by the alternative means of transport.
HOTELOPIA
                  is exempt from liability for any failure or delay of the service purchased as well as a breach of contract when it is due
                  to circumstances beyond the reasonable control of Hotelopia. The following circumstances will be considered, without restrictions,
                  as circumstances beyond the reasonable control required: war or threat of war, accidents causing delays on the route of the
                  service, exceptionally severe weather, fire and/or damage to the station/terminal, compliance with the requirements of law
                  enforcement, customs or other official security services under the competent authority, deaths and accidents on the road,
                  vandalism and terrorism, unforeseen traffic jams, mass meetings and strikes, lockouts, riots or local tensions, problems caused
                  by other customers, bankruptcy, insolvency or business closure of the transport company used by Hotelopia and other circumstances
                  that affect your safety.
The maximum amount of Hotelopia’s liability to you and/or other passenger/s for any reasonable
                  and unforeseeable loss, injury or impairment that may be suffered or you may incur as a result of a failure on behalf of Hotelopia,
                  a breach of contract, or any act or omission or negligence of any employee of Hotelopia, is limited to the price paid of the
                  booked service.
Back to top
17. Complete Booking / Modification / Independent Booking
These General Conditions contain some exclusions
                  and limitations of liability. If any of these conditions is invalid or unenforceable, the remaining conditions will remain
                  valid. Any invalid or unenforceable condition will be deemed superseded by a valid and applicable condition that conveys the
                  same meaning. You agree that your use of this website will not imply any partnership, franchise, employment or agency relationship
                  between you and Hotelopia.
All legal notices, the Cookies Policy and the privacy policy are important parts that
                  cannot be separated from the General Terms and Conditions of contracting.
Back to top
18. Currency Conversion
Currency rates are based on various publicly available sources and are not updated
                  daily; as such, they cannot be guaranteed as completely accurate and should be used as guidelines only. Actual rates may vary
                  and you may wish to verify these with a qualified professional.
Back to top
19. Lowest Rate Guarantee in Hotelopia accommodation establishments
At Hotelopia, we are confident in
                  our offering of the best and most competitive rates, and to this end, should you find a better rate with the same accommodations
                  provider, on the same date and location, we guarantee a refund of the difference. To apply this guarantee, you should follow
                  the
Lowest Rate Guarantee
conditions
Back to top
20. Warning. USA Travel Restrictions to Cuba
Citizens and residents of the United States travelling
                  to Cuba are subject to the laws of the United States pertaining to the U.S. embargo of Cuba and require a license from the
                  United States Government. No refunds will be made or liability incurred with respect to any travel arrangements made by citizens
                  or residents of the United States without required licenses.
Back to top
21. Fees or Surcharges
Fees or surcharges applied by Resorts
Some Resorts require the payment
                  of fees or charges that Hotelopia is unable to include in the price. If you should choose a Resort, you can find information
                  in this respect in the "Particular terms and conditions of the establishment".
Other Fees
Some countries may
                  require other taxes to be paid by you on arrival at the accommodation establishment and/or airport. The Russian tourist fee
                  should be paid directly by the customer at the first hotel accommodation within the country.
Regarding this, we
                  refer to the provisions of Section 5 of this Conditions document, in which the costs not included in the booking price are
                  indicated.
Back to top
22. Assignment of Rights
Hotelopia reserves its rights to assign in total or in part the obligation
                  or rights of these Terms to any subsidiary, affiliate or holding company or any subsidiary of its holding company.
You
                  are not allowed to assign to any third party any obligation or right of these Terms, or any other agreement that completes
                  them, unless with the prior express written authorisation of Hotelopia.
Back to top
23. Legislation and Courts of Jurisdiction
The application and interpretation of these Terms and Conditions
                  shall be governed by current and applicable Spanish Legislation. In the event of any discrepancy which may arise from the
                  interpretation or execution of these terms and conditions, the parties, with express waiver of any other court of jurisdiction
                  which might apply, if any, shall abide by the Jurisdiction and Competence of the Courts of Palma de Mallorca, Spain.
Back to top



General terms and conditions


1. Technical Organization

This website belongs to
HOTELOPIA, S.L.U.
(hereinafter referred to as “
Hotelopia
”), a legally
                     constituted Spanish company registered in Palma de Mallorca, Camí de Son Fangos, 100; Torre A, 5na planta, C.P. 07007, which
                     operates as a wholesale-retail travel agency, with tax identification number (C.I.F.) B-57218356, under license number BAL-481
                     M/D, and inscribed in the Commercial Registry office of Palma de Mallorca (page PM-44857, volume 2007, folio 148).
LIBERATE,
                     S.L.U, with registered office at Complejo Mirall Balear Son Fangos, 100; Torre A, 5na planta, C.P. 07007, Palma de Mallorca,
                     with tax identification number (C.I.F.) B-07067465 (hereinafter,
LIBERATE
), inscribed in the Commercial Registry
                     office of Palma de Mallorca, Folio 188, Volume 346, Book 276 3rd Section on Enterprises, Page number PM- 6461, has licensed
                     its non-exclusive presence on the website www.hotelopia.com (hereinafter, the website), for the promotion of its LIBERATE
                     product.
You can contact LIBERATE by calling the following phone number 0871 711 9494 and / or fax number, 971469228,
                     and / or by sending an email to Headoffice@hotelopia.com.
LIBERATE product consists in the online accommodation and
                     direct payment at the accommodation establishments. LIBERATE acts as a reservation agency for accommodations publicised on
                     the website.
The LIBERATE product found on www.hotelopia.com is subject to General Terms and Conditions, will be made
                     available exclusively to end users (hereinafter, you).
HOTELOPIA is the sole proprietor of the aforementioned website,
                     which is not an acting party between you and LIBERATE, and as such, the acceptance of these Terms and Conditions is not related
                     to the same relationship.
HOTELOPIA is only the owner of the referred WEBSITE, so it is not a party of the contractual
                     relationship between you and LIBERATE as a result of accepting these Terms and Conditions nor bound by them. Access to the
                     website is free. However, you need an internet connection, HOTELOPIA nor LIBERATE assume this cost and therefore it must be
                     assumed by yourself.
Visiting and using the website implies an acceptance of the General Terms and Conditions, the Legal
                     Notice, Cookies Policy and the Privacy Policy, as with the use of the website. The user consents to the present terms and
                     conditions as well as all other pertinent laws regarding the use of the website and the process of making reservations on
                     it. The completion of this process of agreement through the website, www.hotelopia.com, is dependent upon the acceptance of
                     the General Terms and Conditions, Legal Notices, Cookies Policy and Privacy Policies required by LIBERATE. As such, the legal
                     notices and privacy policy are important requirements that cannot be separated from the agreement’s General Terms and Conditions.
The
                     expression “accommodation providers” is a reference to the proprietors and providers of the hotels, apartments, and other
                     establishments that are offered on the website. “Accommodation” includes all installations and services offered on the website
                     that we reserve on behalf of the user.

Back to top

2. Accommodation provider publicity, exemption clause

LIBERATE acts independently as a publicity agent of the accommodations providers, and as a reservation agent for the user,
                     as such it is not held responsible in the event of death, injury illness, harm, loss, accident, theft, lateness or any other
                     irregularity indirectly or directly derived from the lending of services on behalf of the hotel or other providers that offer
                     their accommodations, services and facilities, as a result of any action or omission on behalf of the accommodations or services
                     provider, their employees or representatives, or in the case of any complain regarding the quality of services given, you
                     may only file compensation claims from the aforementioned providers of such services, and not LIBERATE. LIBERATE is exempt
                     from any such contractual responsibility, extra contractual responsibility, or any other type of responsibility.
LIBERATE
                     will not be responsible for any loss, damage, or infringements of any kind, be they direct or indirect, as a result of access
                     to the website, of its use, or for the information provided therein, including interrupted business or similar issues. LIBERATE
                     will employ the measures deemed necessary to facilitate the acceptance of responsibility and compensation by the providers
                     regarding any claims filed by end users of their lending of services.
You accept that we have processed quality control
                     methods for the establishments offered on the website, and that we take responsibility for the deeming of quality of the accommodations
                     and services lent. The inclusion of accommodations on the website does not imply in any way the recommendation of LIBERATE.
                     We renounce any form of responsibility for any inaccuracy regarding the accommodations and services offered on the website.
You (whether the agreement has been accorded or not) will not hold LIBERATE liable at any moment for any actions, claims,
                     proceedings, losses, costs, expenses or claims (including costs and accrued expenses of defence) arising, directly or indirectly,
                     from any failure by or on behalf of you or any person who booked and your behalf anything regarding the clauses which are
                     reflected in the General Terms and Conditions, either by action or omission that violates legal or regulatory obligations
                     as well as any other cause that results in damage to the interests of LIBERATE. You will be held responsible for your conduct
                     and your group in the case of any abnormal behaviour or vandalism. In such a case, LIBERATE reserves the right to automatically
                     cancel your stay or reservation without payment of compensation. To that same end, assistance will be lent to any establishment
                     where you have been booked, or if the circumstances are as such, lend assistance to the provider of transportation and excursion
                     services, when deemed appropriate. You will pay any amount to LIBERATE for any conduct or action regarding the aforementioned
                     circumstances claimed by third parties. Likewise, you will be responsible for any damages done to LIBERATE, its associated
                     companies and/or those linked to the company Hotelbeds Group or third parties, resulting from any false information given,
                     inaccuracies, or information not kept up to date or that may be expired, as well as for any failure to comply with the aforementioned
                     conditions. The responsibility of LIBERATE, be it resulting from a breach of the General Conditions, breach of contract adherent
                     to the General Terms and Conditions, or for any action or omission that undermines the legal and regulatory obligations, or
                     any other cause, will under no circumstances exceed the total sum paid by you to LIBERATE for the services specified in the
                     agreement.

Back to top

3. Legal age and responsability

You hereby guarantee that you are of legal age and have the capacity to act and are fully authorised to enter into a binding
                     contract in your own name and in the name of the people in your group.
You hereby guarantee that all the personal information
                     provided in booking accommodation and the process of registering for the service is correct. Likewise, you accept the financial
                     responsibility for all transactions made in your name or via your account.
By accepting the General Terms & Conditions,
                     you consent and authorise Hotelopia to request from the accommodation provider any personal information relating to you or
                     your group. Thus, personal information shall be understood to include, but not be limited to: any telephone numbers, fax numbers,
                     email addresses, addresses of residences, signatures, ID or passport copies, credit card details, personal preferences, disabilities,
                     or any special dietary or religious requirements or any other information related to you or your group that may be relevant
                     for the completion of your reservation.
Such information shall be treated in compliance with the Organic Law 15/1999,
                     13th December for the Protection of Personal Data as well as any other such legislation that substitutes, complements and
                     develops the PDPR and will be used to process bookings and payments made in your request.

Back to top

4. How to book and make a reservation in the website

Select your destination and dates, along with the accommodation provider of your choice. Your booking details will appear
                     at the top and on the left of the bookings page. Check your destination and dates before confirming your booking.
Reservations
                     can be made by: a) calling our reservation centre and providing us with the reference code that appears on the page; or: b)
                     following the online reservation process whenever applicable.
To process your reservation, you will be asked to provide
                     personal information such as your name, e-mail address, telephone number and credit card number. Any time that personal information
                     is solicited, LIBERATE will treat and process it in accordance with the Confidentiality Policy detailed in our Legal Notice
                     and Privacy Policy available on the website. We recommend that you read these in their totality before providing LIBERATE
                     with any personal data.
CONFIRMATION OF THE RESERVATION
To confirm a reservation, you should rely on the authorisation
                     of all persons named in the reservation, as on the paternal authorisation of any corresponding minors under the age of 18
                     that are to be included in the reservation. Upon making the reservation, verify that all persons named have accepted the present
                     terms and conditions and that you will be responsible for informing all of the persons named of the confirmation and any other
                     pertinent information. Making the reservation renders you responsible for any corresponding payments. Your reservation’s confirmation
                     will be sent via e-mail once the accommodation establishment has verified the reservation.
During the booking process,
                     Liberate will check the validity of the credit card used in order to guarantee the booking, by charging 1 Euro to the card
                     during the checkout process. The 1 euro charge will automatically and immediately be returned to your card. The hotel or service
                     provider with which you have made a reservation will charge you for any debits upon arrival.Prior to the Customer checking
                     in, the HOTEL will be responsible, at the time of receiving the reservation notification, for verifying the validity of the
                     credit card supplied, as well as its (pre) authorisation for the amount of the cancellation fees. Furthermore, the HOTEL may
                     charge the applicable cancellation fees as a guarantee for the reservation. If no cancellation is made, these fees will be
                     discounted from the payment that the Customer eventually makes to the accommodation establishment or they will be refunded
                     to the Customer if he or she cancels the reservation and the cancellation fees do not apply. In the latter case, the HOTEL
                     shall refund the relevant amounts to the Customer within three (3) calendar days at the latest.
MODIFICATION OR CANCELLATION
                     OF RESERVATIONS
You may cancel your booking at any time prior to your arrival date on the Hotelopia website. If you
                     want to modify your booking, please contact us by phone or go to our Contact Us page.
If you cancel your booking prior
                     to your arrival date, you may be charged a cancellation charge,
which you will be advised about prior to confirming
                     your booking
.
In any case, if you cancel your reservation before the date specified by the hotel, there
                     will be no charge made for cancellation. Cancellation charges will vary according to the accommodation provider, the destination
                     and the dates selected. Please note that the cancellation charge and/or period quoted refer to the time and date in the booked
                     destination, detailed in the website and in the e-mail confirmation of your reservation.
If for whatever reason you
                     do not show up at the establishment on the date indicated in the reservation confirmation, without prior notice (“no show”),
                     you will be considered to have cancelled the reservation and the pertinent costs of this cancellation will be charged to you.
INCLUDED IN THE RESERVATION
The price included in your booking of basic accommodation includes:
Any
                     services as stated on your accommodation booking voucher.
All obligatory taxes and fees for accommodation services.
                     Fees applicable to Resorts in the United States of America are excluded together with any tax that must be paid by you at
                     the destination, namely: tourist tax, environmental tax, etc., as shall be indicated in the following section.
VAT
                     on all holidays in EU countries.
The published prices on our website are in the local currency corresponding to the
                     market and language selected by you. Exchange rate matters will be subject to the provisions of Section 10 of these General
                     Conditions.
The published prices on our website correspond to the total amount for the contracted services, which
                     includes the previously stated items that will be detailed in your booking voucher. Any additional costs or fees are explained
                     in the next section.
You are not paying any amount to LIBERATE but only make your booking via LIBERATE.
You
                     must pay the cost of the booking to the provider of the service you acquired via LIBERATE. The cost for the contracted service
                     will have to be payed explicitly to the provider of the service.
In the event that an invoice is requested, it will
                     be issued by the provider of the service at the time of payment of your booking (...)
The prices published on
                     our Website include the total price of the service contracted, including the concepts indicated previously, which shall be
                     broken down on the booking voucher. Any expenses or costs not included are detailed in the following section.
The
                     prices published on our Website include the total price of the service contracted, including the concepts indicated previously,
                     which shall be broken down on the booking voucher. Any expenses or costs not included are detailed in the following section.
You will not pay any amount to LIBERATE, you will only make your booking through this company.
You must
                     pay the price included in your booking to the service provider contracted through LIBERATE. The price of the service contracted
                     must be paid directly to the service provider.
If you should request an invoice, this shall be issued by the service
                     provider contracted when you pay for your booking.
In the event that you have any doubts, you can contact our
                     Customer Service Centre.
NOT INCLUDED IN THE RESERVATION
The basic accommodation cost does not include:
Additional charges for rooms, meals or under-occupancy in apartments that are not stated to be included in your
                     booking.
Charges that accommodation establishments or apartments may make for facilities such as cots, parking, minibus
                     services, sun beds, sauna, tennis courts and equipment, porters etc.
Deposits requested on arrival by some apartment/villa
                     owners.
USA Resort Fees where applicable. Please refer to the accommodation voucher under ´Observations` to see whether
                     there is an additional fee applied.
Certain countries have a local tax, known as 'occupation tax' or 'tourist tax',
                     which must be paid directly by the end user at the accommodation provider or at the airport. These taxes are not included
                     in the price either.
The referred costs, if any, should be paid by you to the corresponding third party (the establishment,
                     airport etc.).
Before confirming your booking and in the case that the associated costs accrue any of these costs,
                     you will be informed in advance of their existence and, if possible, the amount or how it can be calculated, and the date
                     of accrual and whom should be pais, subject to the disclaimer provided below.
Disclaimer: Liberate will provide
                     the referred to information as published on the Website as of the date the reservation was made. Nevertheless, Liberate is
                     not responsible for any errors, inaccuracies or variations in the costs involved in the booking, which may occur during or
                     after the booking is confirmed, through no fault of Liberate, such as: legislative changes, change in the exchange rates,
                     erroneous information provided by the establishment, changes not notified to Liberate, etc, as well as any unforeseeable circumstances,
                     shall be exempt from liability, arising from such errors or inaccuracies.
CHILDREN
Child prices and other
                     conditions relating to children are agreed upon with each accommodation provider and are not based on any one criterion; therefore,
                     given that each accommodation provider applies its own special conditions and prices, we ask that you inquire about this point
                     when making your booking. Accommodation services: Any child prices or special conditions will only apply when children share
                     a room with 2 paying adults.
COTS
Due to the limited stock of cots that the establishments may have available:
                     please advise any need for them when making the reservation. This request may only be available at an additional cost unless
                     otherwise expressly stated in the description of the accommodation provider, and if any additional cost is applicable this
                     should be paid by you direct to the accommodation provider. In any case, we cannot guarantee that such request will be fulfilled.
                     Such a request is subject to availability and neither LIBERATE nor the accommodation establishment are responsible for the
                     guarantee of this fulfilment.
THIRD PERSON
Some accommodation providers have twin or double bedded rooms that
                     will accommodate a third bed. This extra bed presupposes an added charge be included in the final price.
IMPORTANT
Throughout the year, some accommodation providers may change name or trading name, which shall not be construed as
                     a change of accommodation or modification/amendment of the reservation.
Any accommodation ratings and/or categories
                     have been provided by the accommodation providers and are in accordance with local regulations applicable to each country.
                     Therefore Accommodation in one country may not be similar in terms of services and quality to accommodation in another, despite
                     stating that it is of the same category or rating.
Information regarding the hotels relayed on LIBERATE is properly
                     modified wherever possible as indicated by the proper establishments. LIBERATE is not held responsible for any inaccuracy
                     or omission of information provided by the establishments. In the case of typographic errors in the terms or prices shown
                     on the website, LIBERATE will communicate this error and will allow, if you wish, to cancel the reservation without any charges,
                     considering all erroneous pricing as invalid.
LIBERATE will advise you of any information supplied by the accommodation
                     provider regarding the existence and duration of any refurbishment or renovation works within the accommodation. Since LIBERATE
                     is merely acting as an agent in passing on information supplied by the accommodation provider, LIBERATE will not accept any
                     claim from you regarding refurbishment or renovation work of which LIBERATE has not been advised or which extends beyond the
                     planned date of conclusion.
NO HANDWRITTEN SIGNATURES
Given the nature of online transactions, you hereby acknowledge
                     the impossibility of signing the letter of payment, understood as the document by means of which consent is normally given
                     to a transaction. For this reason, you accept not to sign any electronic transaction generated as a result of booking via
                     the website. The person who fills in the booking form on the site must be authorised to do so in the name of all the members
                     of the group travelling together and must confirm that all members accept the booking terms and conditions. Furthermore, this
                     person shall be responsible for the total cost of the accommodation, including cancellation or amendment charges. Likewise,
                     this person shall inform the other members of the group of the confirmation details and any other relevant information.

Back to top

5. Prior to traveling

LIBERATE accepts no liability and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from travelling to a determined destination.
                     The traveller is responsible for being informed of any risks or particular conditions involved in travelling to any particular
                     destination.
General travelling information is addressed by the European Union on their website http://europa.eu/abc/travel/index_es.htm
                     – please check the website for specific information about travelling to EU destinations. The traveller is responsible for
                     having their health records and any other documentation in place prior to travelling, including but not limited to immunisation
                     records, personal identification documents, passports, visas and possibly marriage certificates may be required for couples
                     sharing a room in certain Muslim countries. LIBERATE accepts no liability for expenses arising from documents being forgotten,
                     inaccurate or lost, or for any document not meeting the requirements

Back to top

6. Insurance

You are strongly advised to take out adequate travel insurance prior to arriving in your destination. It is your responsibility
                     to check you have adequate insurance cover. The insurance should cover, amongst other things, the cost of cancellation by
                     you, personal losses, all medical costs and the costs of assistance including return to the UK in the event of an accident
                     or illness.

Back to top

7. Act of god

LIBERATE will not be liable for any changes, cancellation, effect on your booking, loss or damage suffered by you or for any
                     failure by the accommodation providers and/or LIBERATE to perform or properly perform any of our respective obligations to
                     you which is due to any event(s) or circumstance(s) if the non performance is caused by force majeure. By way of example force
                     majeure includes, but is not limited to, war, revolution, terrorist act, closure of borders, epidemic, natural catastrophe
                     or other causes that seriously affect both parties and in particular the place where the accommodation provider is located
                     as well as the country of origin of LIBERATE and other unforeseeable causes beyond LIBERATE’s control.

Back to top

8. Complaints or issue related to the accommodation

If you have any complaint, please direct it to the reception staff or management of the accommodation immediately so that
                     they may take the appropriate steps to remedy the problem. Should the solution(s) provided not satisfy you, please contact
                     Customer Service at LIBERATE by phone or as indicated on the website, or by filling out the contact form accessible from the
                     menu. LIBERATE is not held responsible for any damage or related matter to do with omissions or negligence on the part of
                     any provider or third party.

Back to top

9. Warning: USA restriction on travel to Cuba

Travel to Cuba by citizens and a resident of the United States is subject to the laws of the United States pertaining to the
                     U.S. embargo of Cuba and requires a license from the United States Government. No refunds will be made or liability incurred
                     with respect to any travel arrangements made by citizens or residents of the United States without required licenses.

Back to top

10. Currency conversion

Currency rates are based on various publicly available sources and are not updated daily; as such they cannot be guaranteed
                     as completely accurate and should be used as guidelines only. Actual rates may vary and you may wish to verify these with
                     a qualified professional.
You should keep in mind that the payment made in a different currency may fluctuate according
                     to changed rates and might cause variations in the final price.

Back to top

11. General

These Terms and Conditions contain some exclusions and limitations of liability. If any part of the conditions proves to be
                     invalid or unenforceable, the rest of the conditions will remain valid. The invalid or unenforceable condition will be deemed
                     as supplanted by an enforceable and valid form conveying the same meaning. You agree that your use of this website does not
                     imply that any partnership, joint venture, employment or agency relationship exists between you and LIBERATE.
Legal
                     notices, Cookie policy and the Privacy policy are important parts, and they cannot be separated from the General Terms and
                     Conditions of Employment.

Back to top

12. Assignments of rights

LIBERATE reserves its rights to assign in total or in part the obligations or rights of these Terms to any subsidiary, affiliate
                     or holding company or any subsidiary of its holding company. You are not allowed to assign any obligation or right of these
                     Terms, or any other agreement which completes them to any third party, unless with the prior express written authorisation
                     of LIBERATE.

Back to top

13. Legislation and courts of jurisdiction

These General Conditions shall be governed by Spanish law in force. Shall a conflict be taken to court by the parties they
                     hereby submit and consent, expressly renouncing to any other jurisdiction, to the Courts of Law of the user's place of residence.
                     Also, by using the entitlement to CONFIANZA ONLINE (Trust Online) and under the terms of its Ethic Code, in the event of disputes
                     related to contracting and advertising online, data protection, child protection and accessibility, the user is entitled to
                     resolve the matter out of court through CONFIANZA ONLINE (www.confianzaonline.es), personified in the Advertising Jury and
                     the National Consumers' Chamber.

Back to top






Index









Hotelopia Advantages

The best prices

No additional charges, no card fees.
Best price guaranteed
.

We talk to you

Dedicated, multilingual customer services department.

Security and quality

We are part of Hotelbeds Group, with over 20 years experience and more than 30 million customers worldwide.

Real opinions

300,000+ opinions from our travellers on 70,000+ hotels and suites.



Fast access

About Hotelopia

About us
|
General Terms & Conditions
|
Privacy Policy
|
Affiliates
|
Use of cookies

Customer Service

Help
|
Contact Us
|
Customer Services Center

Services

Newsletter
|
Pay at hotel
|
Bank Transfer
|
Pay with PayPal

Hotelopia International

Germany
|
Canada
|
Spain
|
United States
|
France
|
Netherlands
|
Ireland
|
Italy
|
United Kingdom
|
Sweden
|
Denmark
|
Portugal
|
Poland
|
Norway
|
Greece
|
Russia
|
China
|
Finland




Customer's rating of Hotelopia





4.2
de
5
sobre un total de
1188
puntuaciones






Certified by a world-leading authority


Payment methods




Follow us!








