
Traveloka PressTraveloka Press - The newest and updated information about Traveloka
Traveloka Press - The newest and updated information about Traveloka






















































Press Releases

Awards & Achievements


Archive


2017

2016

2015

2014

2013

2012



History

Press Kit











About

Contact




Press Releases



November 23rd, 2017

Traveloka Cooperates with Chubb for Train Travel Insurance

JAKARTA, 23 November 2017
– Traveloka, a technology company that provides a travel booking platform for domestic and international destinations, is the first online travel agency (OTA) in Indonesia to introduce a train travel insurance service. Underwritten by PT Chubb General Insurance Indonesia (Chubb), a leading insurer, the train travel insurance is designed to ensure a safe and comfortable journey for train travelers. Available since 1 November 2017, the train travel insurance service can be accessed through the Traveloka website and the Traveloka App v2.18 or higher.

read more



November 4th, 2017

Traveloka Provides Support for Mount Agung Evacuees through Trauma-Healing Program

BALI, 3 November 2017
– Traveloka, a leading technology company that provides an online travel booking platform for domestic and international destinations, today dispatched aid efforts to Mount Agung evacuation camps in Bali, where local residents continue to bear the brunt of the mountain’s seismic activity. The donation is part of Traveloka’s continuous efforts to contribute to local communities in tourism areas, especially Bali, one of Indonesia’s most popular destinations.

read more



September 8th, 2017

Traveloka Backs Bandung as Technology-Based Tourism Destination with 2017 Bandung Great Sale Partnership

BANDUNG, 8 September 2017
– Traveloka, a leading travel booking app for domestic and international destinations in Southeast Asia, has officially announced its participation in the 2017 Bandung Great Sale, where it will offer exclusive deals for hotels, activities, and attractions throughout the event from 14 September – 8 October 2017. Traveloka’s participation in the program marks its continuous efforts to develop Indonesia’s tourism industry and to complement existing steps taken by the government of Bandung towards becoming a Smart City through technology-based tourism.

read more



August 23rd, 2017

Traveloka and Bank Mandiri to Support the Ministry of Tourism’s 10 Priority Destinations with Jelajahi Keindahan Indonesia Program

JAKARTA, 23 August 2017

–
Bank Mandiri has teamed up with travel technology company Traveloka in its “Jelajahi Keindahan Indonesia” program as part of efforts to promote and increase the number of tourist visits in 10 local priority destinations appointed by the Indonesian Ministry of Tourism. Through this partnership, Bank Mandiri and Traveloka is offering exclusive prices for Flight + Hotel packages and Attraction & Activities in Bali and the 10 priority destinations, namely Candi Borobudur, Kepulauan Seribu, Danau Toba, Pantai Tanjung Kelayang, Tanjung Lesung, Mandalika, Bromo Tengger Semeru, Labuan Bajo, Wakatobi and Morotai.

read more



August 15th, 2017

Traveloka Takes SEA Games to Greater Heights with Exclusive Flight and Hotel Deals

KUALA LUMPUR, 15 August 2017 –
Traveloka, a leading travel booking app for domestic and international destinations in Southeast Asia, has announced its participation in the upcoming 29th SEA Games and 9th ASEAN Para Games as a Gold Sponsor.

In support of its role as an official online travel partner, Traveloka is offering exclusive deals with savings up to 30 percent for selected flights, and up to 40 percent for hotel stays with its hotel partners in Malaysia.

read more



August 10th, 2017

Traveloka Becomes First Indonesian Tech Company to Receive Two BrandZ Awards

JAKARTA, 10 August 2017

–
Traveloka, Indonesia’s leading travel booking app for domestic and international destinations, was awarded as the
#1 Most Powerful Indonesian Technology Brand and #1 Most Innovative Brand
during the annual WPP BrandZ Indonesia awarding night on August 9, 2017, in Jakarta.

read more



August 7th, 2017

Fly Smart with Malaysia Airlines Flight Deals, Exclusively on Traveloka

KUALA LUMPUR, 7 August 2017 –
The months of August and September hold a special meaning in the hearts of Malaysians, as they unite to celebrate Malaysia’s independence and founding with Merdeka Day and Malaysia Day.

In the spirit of the season, Traveloka, a leading online travel company in Southeast Asia, has teamed up with national carrier Malaysia Airlines, offering exclusive discounts of up to 30 percent for flights between ASEAN countries and Malaysia to inspire Malaysians to spread their wings and explore.

read more



July 31st, 2017

Nearly US $500 Million Investment by Expedia, East Ventures, Hillhouse Capital Group, JD.com and Sequoia Capital Highlight Confidence in Traveloka and Potential of Southeast Asia Travel Market

JAKARTA, 31 July 2017
– Traveloka announced today that the company has raised approximately $500 million through investments from global online travel leader Expedia, Inc. (NASDAQ: EXPE), East Ventures, Hillhouse Capital Group, JD.com and Sequoia Capital within the last year. The investment by Expedia, Inc. will deepen the existing partnership in hotel supply, allowing Traveloka to provide even greater selection of international accommodations inventory to Southeast Asian travelers.

read more





1

2

3

…

7

Next →





© Traveloka 2017














