Jakarta Hotels - Cheap Promo Hotel in Jakarta
warning
This site needs Javascript. Please activate Javascript to continue.
Promos
Retrieve Booking
IDR
My Account
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data Packages
Attractions & Activities
One More Step!
Continue
Hotels
>
Indonesia
(18802 Hotels)
>
Jakarta
(1253 Hotels)
Hotels in Jakarta
Indonesia ·
1253 hotels available
Search and book cheap hotels in 3 easy steps here!
Provide name of hotel/city/region
Provide check-in date
Provide check-out date
Select no. of rooms
Destination/Hotel Name
Duration of Stay
Check-in:
Duration
1 night
2 nights
3 nights
4 nights
5 nights
6 nights
7 nights
8 nights
9 nights
10 nights
11 nights
12 nights
13 nights
14 nights
15 nights
Check-out:
How many rooms?
1 room
2 rooms
3 rooms
4 rooms
5 rooms
Search Hotels
No. of Guest(s) & Room(s)
Select the number of guest(s) & room(s)
×
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
Search Hotels
Subscribe to Traveloka Newsletter
Subscribe for up to 70% discount through exclusive flight & hotel deals delivered directly to your inbox.
Subscribe
Don't worry, be app-y!
Download FREE Traveloka Flight Ticket and Hotel Booking App Now!
Hotels in popular areas
Hotel at Central Jakarta
Hotel at South Jakarta
Hotel at West Jakarta
Hotel at East Jakarta
Hotel at North Jakarta
Hotel at Kepulauan Seribu Regency
Popular hotels in Jakarta
POP! Hotel Airport Jakarta
Jl. Raya Bandara no.106,Rawa Bokor, Benda - Tangerang, Jakarta Barat, Indonesia, 15125
7.8
/ 10
Good
Best Western Premier The Hive
Jl. DI Panjaitan Kav. 3 - 4, Jakarta Timur, Indonesia, 13340
8.5
/ 10
Very Good
Hotel Kaisar Jakarta
Jalan PLN No. 1 Duren Tiga, Jakarta Selatan, Indonesia, 12780
8.2
/ 10
Very Good
Hotel Maharani Jakarta
Jalan Mampang Prapatan No. 8, Jakarta Selatan, Jakarta Selatan, Indonesia, 12790
8.1
/ 10
Very Good
Big Hotel Jakarta
Jl. Kartini Raya 64 No.2, Jakarta Pusat, Indonesia, 10750
8.2
/ 10
Very Good
Maharadja Hotel
Jl. Kapt Piere Tendean No.1, Mampang, Jakarta Selatan, Jakarta Selatan, Indonesia, 12790
8.0
/ 10
Very Good
POP! Hotel Tebet
Jl. Prof. Dr. Soepomo SH No. 29		, Jakarta Selatan, Indonesia, 12810
8.1
/ 10
Very Good
POP! Hotel Kelapa Gading
Sentra Kelapa Gading,Jl. Bulevard Raya Blok M  Sentra Kelapa Gading, Jakarta Utara, Indonesia, 14240
8.3
/ 10
Very Good
Whiz Hotel Cikini - Menteng
Jalan Cikini Raya No. 6, Jakarta Pusat, Indonesia, 10330
8.1
/ 10
Very Good
YELLO Hotel Harmoni
Jalan Hayam Wuruk No. 6, Jakarta Pusat, Indonesia, 10120
9.1
/ 10
Excellent
Merlynn Park Hotel
Jl. K.H.Hasyim Ashari 29-31, Jakarta Pusat, Indonesia, 10130
8.5
/ 10
Very Good
MaxOneHotels at Kramat
Jalan Kramat Raya No. 91 , Jakarta Pusat, Indonesia, 10450
8.7
/ 10
Very Good
Hotel Borobudur Jakarta
Jl. Lapangan Banteng Selatan No. 01, Jakarta Pusat, Indonesia, 10710
8.7
/ 10
Very Good
The BnB Hotel Kelapa Gading
Boulevard Bukit Gading Raya Kelapa Gading Barat, Jakarta Utara, Indonesia, 14240
8.1
/ 10
Very Good
Diradja Hotel
JL. Kapt Tendean No.38, Jakarta Selatan, Jakarta Selatan, Indonesia, 12710
8.5
/ 10
Very Good
Le Grandeur Mangga Dua Jakarta
Jalan Mangga Dua Raya Jakarta ., Jakarta Pusat, Indonesia, 10730
You'll be centrally located in Jakarta with a stay at Le Grandeur Mangga Dua - Jakarta, steps from Mangga Dua Square and close to National Monument. This 4-star hotel is within close proximity of Plaza Glodok and Mangga Dua.
8.5
/ 10
Very Good
Zest Hotel Airport Jakarta
Jalan Husein Sastra Negara Kav. 1 Lingkar Benda, Jakarta Barat, Indonesia, 15125
8.5
/ 10
Very Good
Hotel Dafam Teraskita
Jalan MT. Haryono Kav. 10A, Cawang, Jakarta Timur, Indonesia, 13340
8.6
/ 10
Very Good
Whiz Prime Hotel Kelapa Gading
Jl. Boulevard Barat Raya Jakarta Utara, Jakarta Utara, Indonesia, 14240
8.3
/ 10
Very Good
Hotel ibis budget Jakarta Airport
Jl Raya Bandara Soekarno Hatta, Kp Rawa Bokor, Jakarta Barat, Indonesia, 15125
When you stay at Hotel ibis budget Jakarta Airport in Tangerang, you'll be near the airport and convenient to Cengkareng Golf Club and Soewarna Business Park. This hotel is within the vicinity of Damai Indah Golf and Country Club and Waterbom Jakarta.
8.2
/ 10
Very Good
others
Read about:


Jakarta Major areas


Central Jakarta

West Jakarta

South Jakarta

East Jakarta

North Jakarta



Jakarta History

How to get to Jakarta


By plane

By land and sea



Jakarta transportation

Jakarta climate

Jakarta local language

Jakarta tourist attractions


Ancol Dreamland

Taman Mini Indonesia Indah

Kota Tua (Old Town)

National Museum (Monas)

Mall in Jakarta

Museums in Jakarta



Nightlife in Jakarta

Jakarta recommended places to eat

Travel tips in Jakarta

Other cheap hotels
Cheap hotels in Indonesia
Cheap hotels in Jakarta
Other star hotels in Jakarta
5-star hotels in Jakarta
4-star hotels in Jakarta
3-star hotels in Jakarta
2-star hotels in Jakarta
Other hotels in Jakarta
Budget hotels in Jakarta
Luxury hotels in Jakarta
Best hotels in Jakarta
Hotels near popular landmarks
Hotels near Gambir Station
Hotels near Thamrin City
Hotels near Soekarno Hatta International Airport (CGK)
Hotels near Halim Perdanakusuma International Airport (HLP)
Hotels near Dr. Cipto Mangunkusumo Hospital
Hotels near Bundaran HI Monument
Hotels near Ragunan Zoo
Hotels near ITC Mangga Dua
Hotels near Plaza Senayan
Hotels near Mangga Dua Square
Hotels near Plaza Indonesia
Hotels near Cilandak Town Square
Hotels near Pasar Baru
Hotels near Taman Mini Indonesia Indah
Hotels near Jakarta Convention Center
Hotels near Pacific Place
Hotels near Plaza Semanggi
Hotels near Rawamangun Terminal
Hotels near Seasons City
Hotels near Kuningan City Mall
See more hotels
Hotels in other areas
Hotel at Bali
Hotel at Yogyakarta Province
Hotel at Lampung Province
Hotel at Jambi Province
Hotel at Bengkulu Province
Hotel at Gorontalo
Hotel at Aceh
Hotel at Banten
Hotel at Papua
Hotel at Riau
Hotel at East Java
Hotel at Central Java
Hotel at North Sumatra
Hotel at West Sumatra
Hotel at West Java
Hotel at Maluku
Hotel at North Sulawesi
Hotel at East Kalimantan
Hotel at South Kalimantan
Hotel at West Kalimantan
See more hotels
About
Apart from being the centre of politics and economy, DKI Jakarta (Daerah Khusus Ibukota Jakarta) is also the largest city in Indonesia. Most of its large areas are located in low areas.

Jakarta is known as “the land of opportunity and entertainment”. This city offers a wide range of opportunity to build careers and have fun. Out of 170 malls and entertainment sites, visitors are given different kinds of places to shop, find entertainment, and take in leisure time.

As the capital city of the Republic of Indonesia, Jakarta is one of the most populated cities in the world. Population keeps increasing due to the fact that many people from other cities in Indonesia migrate to Jakarta to find jobs or study. Gradually, these people began to spread across other regions around Jakarta such as Tangerang, Bekasi, Bogor and Depok. The most populated is currently East Jakarta.

For those who love traditional food, Jakarta’s culinary sights offer more than just
ketoprak and kerak telor. This city offers plentiful choices of traditional to international food spots spread around food stalls, cafe as well as cheap and fancy restaurants.

Jakarta Major areas

Jakarta area is divided into 5 municipalities:

Central Jakarta

Central Jakarta is the smallest municipality. Until now, it is also the centre of government. Several popular buildings in Central Jakarta are: Merdeka Palace, National Palace, National Library, National Monument (Monas), Istiqlal Mosque and Cathedral.

West Jakarta

West Jakarta is dominated by small and growing industries. This part of Jakarta also offers many Dutch legacies such as Kota Intan Bridge, Langgam China Building, National Archives of Indonesia and Red Store (Toko Merah).

South Jakarta

Initially planned as a satellite city, South Jakarta has several modern malls and exclusive settlements. Once known as the greenest area in Jakarta, today’s South Jakarta is covered by many modern buildings. Several well-known destinations in South Jakarta are ABRI Satriamandala Museum and Al-Azhar Mosque.

East Jakarta

East Jakarta is the most populated part of Jakarta with a number of rice fields still existing in some parts of its areas. Two historical destinations in East Jakarta are Lubang Buaya and Prince Jayakarta’s Grave.

North Jakarta

North Jakarta is the only area in Jakarta with access to the sea, precisely located in Tanjung Priok Harbour. Some parts of Kota Tua (Old Town) in West Jakarta are also located in North Jakarta. Historical buildings in North Jakarta are Tugu Church, Bahari Museum, and Si Pitung Village.

Jakarta History

The name Jakarta has changed several times from Sunda Kelapa, Jayakarta, Batavia, Djakarta and now Jakarta. Prior to the 16th century, it was a harbour city under the rule of the Tarumanagara Empire. Kalapa was the first harbour under the Sunda Empire.

In the 16th century, Sunda Kelapa was under the Portuguese troops. However, Fatahillah from the Sultanate of Demak later invaded Portugal, seized Sunda Kelapa and changed the name to Jayakarta. Some time in 1596, a war occurred in Jayakarta after it was visited by the Dutch and English troops. When the war had ended, Jayakarta was ruled by the Dutch people.

As the Dutch power became stronger in Jayakarta, more Dutch people came to Indonesia and governed many areas such as Glodok, Merdeka Square, Menteng and Kebayoran Baru. Jayakarta was also developing very fast, proven by the development of Cathedral, Gambir Market, Jatinegara train station, Cut Mutiah Mosque, Metropole Cinema and Kemayoran Airport.

In the end of World War II, with supports from the Japanese troops, the land of Batavia was taken back by Indonesian troops. Batavia was then renamed to Djakarta, a shorter name for Jayakarta. When Japan had decolonized, Indonesia announced its proclamation on 17 August 1945 at Jalan Pegangsaan Timur No. 56 (now Jalan Proklamasi), Central Jakarta.

How to get to Jakarta

By plane

Travelling to Jakarta by airplane will land at Soekarno-Hatta International Airport (CGK), Cengkareng. From certain cities to Jakarta by Citilink, the plane will land at Halim Perdanakusuma International Airport (HLP), East Jakarta.

Transportation to and from Soekarno-Hatta International Airport (CGK)

The distance between Soekarno-Hatta International Airport and Jakarta is around 20 km. In front of the terminal, you could find taxis heading to the city. Prices are determined by kilometer.

You could also use DAMRI bus found at all terminals. DAMRI bus fare starts from IDR 25.000 to IDR 50.000 depends on destination. DAMRI bus also serves routes to other areas including Bekasi and Bogor.

Transportation to and from Halim Perdanakusuma International Airport (HLP)

This airport is located in Halim Perdanakusuma, Makassar, East Jakarta. Since 10 January 2014, Halim Perdanakusuma has been operating as a commercial airport.

Halim International Airport provides several taxi companies such as Express, Blue Bird, Sri Medali and Cipaganti.

Besides taxi, you could also take DAMRI bus to and from the airport. DAMRI bus offers routes to: Rawamangun, Soekarno-Hatta International Airport, Pulogebang, Gambir train station, Bekasi, Depok and Bogor.

DAMRI bus fare from Halim to:


Bogor: IDR 30.000

Bekasi: IDR 25.000

Depok: IDR 30.000

Rawamangun: IDR 20.000

Pulogebang: IDR 25.000

Gambir train station: IDR 25.000

Soekarno-Hatta Airport: IDR 30.000


By land and sea

All transportations from outside Java to Jakarta mostly stop at Tanjung Priok Harbour, North Jakarta.

From different places in Java, Jakarta could be reached by several public transportations such as:

Bus

Jakarta has several primary bus terminals:


West Jakarta:


Kalideres Bus Terminal

Jalan Raya Daan Mogot Km 16


East Jakarta:


Kampung Rambutan Bus Terminal

Jalan Letjen TB Simatupang 1, Pasar Rebo

Pulo Gadung Bus Terminal

Jalan Perintis Kemerdekaan 1, Pulo Gadung

Rawamangun Bus Terminal

Jalan Pegambiran, Rawamangun, Pulo Gadung

Train

Jakarta has several train stations that travel in between cities and provinces, such as:


Jatinegara Train Station


Jalan Raya Bekasi No. 88, Pisangan Baru


Gambir Train Station


Jalan Medan Merdeka Timur, Gambir


Pasar Senen Train Station


Jalan Kramat Bunder 1, Senen


Kota Train Station


Jalan Lapangan Stasiun Kota


Cikini Train Station


Jalan Pegangsaan Timur


Manggarai Train Station


Jalan Manggarai Utara 1


Tanah Abang Train Station


Jalan Jati Baru


Tanjung Priok Train Station


Jalan Taman Stasiun

Jakarta transportation

Jakarta has a variety of public transportation from taxi, train (travelling between Jabodetabek), TransJakarta Bus, regular bus, Metromini, angkutan kota or angkot, Bajaj to Ojek.

Taxi

Taxi fare in Jakarta starts from IDR 7.000. Taxi could also be booked by phone.

Primary taxis in Jakarta:


Blue Bird and Silver Bird: 021-79171234

Gamya: 021-87795555

Express: 021-26509000


TransJakarta bus

Different from regular bus (such as Mayasari Bakti) that stops anywhere, TransJakarta has its own lane and stops at certain designated points.

TransJakarta Bus fare:


From 05:00-07:00: IDR 2.000

From 07:00-22:00: IDR 3.500


Electronic ticket (JakCard): Rechargable and can be purchased from DKI Bank, Mandiri Bank, BRI, BCA, BNI46 and Mega Bank. JakCard can also be purchased from Sales Promotion Girl at certain TransJakarta Bus shelters, mini markets and certain gas stations.

TransJakarta serves routes on Jakarta major streets. There are currently 12 corridors:


Corridor 1: Blok M-Kota

Corridor 2: Pulo Gadung-Harmoni

Corridor 3: Kalideres -Harmoni

Corridor 4: Dukuh Atas-PuloGadung

Corridor 5: Kampung Melayu-Ancol

Corridor 6: Ragunan-Dukuh Atas

Corridor 7: Kampung Rambutan-Kampung Melayu

Corridor 8: Lebak Bulus-Harmoni

Corridor 9: Pinang Ranti-Pluit

Corridor 10: Tanjung Priok-Cililitan

Corridor 11: Kampung Melayu-Pulogebang

Corridor 12: Pluit-Tanjung Priok


Further info: www.transjakarta.co.id.

APTB bus

APTB stands for Angkutan Perbatasan Terintegrasi Busway. APTB bus routes connects Jabodetabek to TransJakarta routes.

APTB bus fare depends on the routes, starts from IDR 8.000-IDR 14.000.

APTB bus in Jakarta serves 11 routes:


Bekasi-Pulo Gadung

Ciputat-Kota

Poris Plawwad-Tomang

Cibinong-Grogol

Bogor-Rawamangun

Bekasi-Tanah Abang

Bekasi-Bundaran HI

Cileungsi-Blok M

Bogor-Tanah Abang

Bogor-Tanjung Priok

Bogor-Blok M


Metromini and Kopaja

Metromini and Kopaja are medium-sized public buses with around 25 seats capacity or maximum 50 including the people who stand inside the bus.


Regular Metromini fare: IDR 3.000

Metromini with AC (Air Conditioner): IDR 5.000


Angkutan kota (angkot)

Angkot is a public transport that can be found in almost every part of Jakarta. Angkot fare starts from IDR 2.000 depends on the distance.

Bajaj

Bajar is a three-wheel public transport that only travels in certain areas in Jakarta. Bajaj fare depends on the distance and negotiation with the driver. A bajaj can carry up to 3 passengers.

Ojek motorcycle

Ojek motorcycle could take you anywhere in Jakarta. It is one of the effective public transports during Jakarta rush hours.

Ojek fare depends on the distance and deal with the driver.

(All prices shown may be subject to change).

Jakarta climate

The temperature in Jakarta is relatively hot and humid, ranging from 28-33 degree Celsius.  Rainy season normally starts from November to June. The peak of this season often occurs in January. Dry season starts from July to October with the highest temperature in September.

Jakarta local language

Betawi is the native language of the Betawi people in Jakarta which is closely related to the spoken Indonesian language.

Jakarta tourist attractions

Ancol Dreamland

Ancol Dreamland or Taman Impian Jaya Ancol is one of Jakarta’s prominent amusement parks. It offers visitors a variety of entertainment sites ranging from Fantasy World, SeaWorld, Atlantis Water Adventure (Waterbom) to recreational areas along the beach.

Taman Mini Indonesia Indah

Beautiful Indonesia Miniature Park or Taman Mini Indonesia Indah is the place to discover Indonesia’s diverse culture put in a single miniature park. This park shows different kinds of traditional arts and houses from a variety of ethnic in Indonesia. Several main sites are Indonesian Museum and the Keong Emas IMAX Theater.

Kota Tua (Old Town)

Kota Tua offers you several outmoded buildings in Dutch and Chinese architectural styles. Around the area, you can also encounter several food stalls selling Jakarta traditional food such as
kerak telor and es lilin.

Considering how historic the atmosphere is, many people visit Kota Tua to hunt photos. Occasionally, the atmosphere could also become romantic as newlyweds come and make a photo.

National Museum (Monas)

Monas is the city’s icon built to commemorate Indonesia’s struggle in liberating the country from the Dutch government. You could learn this patriotic history at the National History Museum located below the ground floor.

At the National History Museum, you will find a variety of historical objects from prehistory to New Order (Orde Baru). The museum opens at 08:00-15:00 and closes every last Monday of the month.

The symbol of Monas is shown at its peak: a tongue of fire from bronze covered in gold.

Mall in Jakarta

Visiting malls has become a tradition to the Jakarta society. Malls have become “all in one” places that combine cinemas, recreational areas and sports. Here is the list of popular malls in Jakarta:


Grand Indonesia: Central Jakarta, Jl. MH. Thamrin No. 1

Plaza Indonesia: Central Jakarta, Jl. MH. Thamrin Kav. 28-30

Senayan City: South Jakarta, Jl. Asia Afrika Lot 19

Plaza Senayan: South Jakarta, Jl. Asia Afrika

Pacific Place: South Jakarta, Jl. Jend. Sudirman Kav. 52-53

Pondok Indah Mall: South Jakarta, Jl. Metro Pondok Indah

Mal Taman Anggrek: West Jakarta, Jl. Letjen S. Parman Kav. 21

Central Park: West Jakarta, Jl. Let. Jend. S. Parman

Sarinah: Central Jakarta, Jl. MH. Thamrin 11

Blok M Mall: South Jakarta, Jl. Iskandarsyah II/2

Plaza Semanggi: South Jakarta, Jl. Let. Jend. Sudirman Kav. 50

Cibubur Junction: East Jakarta, Jl. Pusdika, Cibubur, Ciracas

Kramat Jati Indah Plaza: East Jakarta, Jl. Raya Bogor Km 19


Museums in Jakarta

Popular museums in Jakarta:


Fatahillah Museum


Fatahillah Museum was established in 1710. Located in the nostalgic Kota Tua, this museum shows several Dutch belongings such as furniture, maps, and displays objects from the prehistory period.


National Museum of Indonesia


National Museum of Indonesia is known to be one of the best museums in Indonesia. Located near Monas, this museum displays various cultural objects from the Hindu-Buddhist period.

At the museum, you can see an elephant statue made of bronze put right in front of the entrance. This was a gift from the King of Thailand in 1871.

Nightlife in Jakarta

Jakarta is a city that never sleeps. It offers you several places to enjoy at nighttime such as:

Blok M

At Jalan Falatehan, there are several nightlife spots such as D’s Place, Sportsman, My Bar, Oscar, Highway to Elle, Top Gun, Maxi, Everest.

Jalan Jaksa

At Jalan Wahid Hasyim, you could enjoy the night by watching live music performances at Dyna Pub, Domares, and Embassy 21
st. Spend some time as well at D’Consulate and the modern stylish Ocha & Bella restaurant located at Morrisey Hotel.

Kemang

This district is popular amongst teenagers and young adults. Kemang offers you numerous hang-out spots that opens until late at night such as Tipsy, Eco 365 near Aksara Bookstore, Monaco, Elbow Room, The Green.

Mangga Besar, Gajah Mada, Hayam Wuruk

Besides karaoke, these areas also offer you plenty of places to eat from expensive to cheap ones such as Bakmi GM, Bubur Sapo Bun Ong, and Bubur Olimo.

At Hayam Wuruk, you could find several Jakarta’s popular nightclubs such as Illigals Hotel and Club, Stadium, Millenium.

Jakarta recommended places to eat

Jakarta is filled with many traditional to international culinary sites:

Japanese cuisine


Ajihara at Jl. Melawai

Caza Suki at Mahakam

Aoki at Gran Mahakam Hotel

Goemon at Wisma Kyoei Prince

Hanamasa


Italian cuisine


Toscana at Kemang

Fashion Pasta at City Walk

Il Mare at Mulia Senayan Hotel

Izzi Pizza and Pizza Marzano


German cuisine


Paulaner Brauhaus

Die Stube

Imbiss Stube at Cilandak Town Square (Citos)

Metro Sky Garden

Ya Udah

The Tavern


Middle Eastern cuisine


Maroush

Al Nafoura

Anatolia

Samarra

Al-Jazeerah

Turkuaz


Chinese cuisine


Ah Yat Abalone at Golden Boutique Angkasa Hotel

May Star at Central Park Mall and other areas around Jakarta

Samudra Seafood at BRI Tower

Taipan at WTC Mangga Dua

Sun City at Lindeteves Trade Center


Indian cuisine


Queen of India at Sunlake Hotel

Komala’s at Sarinah Building

Royal Kitchen at Bellagio Boutique Mall

Koh-e-noor at Pasar Festival Kuningan

Taj Mahal

Martabak Har at Jl. Hayam Wuruk


Travel tips in Jakarta


If you must attend a meeting, make sure you leave much earlier considering heavy traffic in Jakarta occurs around the clock.

Enjoy Jakarta’s Car Free Day (CFD) every Sunday from 06:00-11:00. During CFD, people could go for a bike ride, stroll and encounter several food stalls on the sidewalks. Jakarta’s CFD starts from Jl. Jend. Sudirman until Thamrin.

Before you take the TransJakarta bus or busway, purchase a “JakCard”. With this e-ticket, you do not need to queue at ticket counter. You can also use the card for transactions at Indomaret (retail) or shops alike.

Visit
www.lewatmana.com
to find less heavy traffic in Jakarta and surrounding areas.


Other Popular Hotels in Jakarta
Hotel Borobudur Jakarta
Grand Hyatt Jakarta
Favehotel Gatot Subroto
Fairmont Jakarta
Aston Marina Ancol
Mandarin Oriental Jakarta
Gran Melia Jakarta
Shangri-La Hotel - Jakarta
Hotel Kartika Chandra
The Westin Jakarta
B Fashion Hotel
Sun City Jakarta
Royal Kuningan Hotel
Hotel Mulia Senayan, Jakarta
POP! Hotel Kelapa Gading
Hotel Ciputra Jakarta
Aston Rasuna
Ascott Jakarta
Sari Pan Pacific Jakarta
POP! Hotel Tebet
Diradja Hotel
Four Seasons Hotel Jakarta
Studio One
Grand Tjokro Jakarta
Swiss-Belhotel Pondok Indah
Sunlake Hotel
POP! Hotel Kemang
Raffles Jakarta
Hotel Santika Kelapa Gading
Century Park Hotel
Somerset Berlian Jakarta
Mega Anggrek Hotel
favehotel Wahid Hasyim
Ibis Hotel Jakarta Mangga Dua
Oakwood Premier Cozmo Jakarta
Grand Asia Hotel
Favehotel Puri Indah
Hotel Dafam Teraskita
Arion Swiss-Belhotel Kemang
Somerset Grand Citra
See more hotels
Secure transaction on Traveloka
Hour
Customer Service
0804-1500-308
Popular Route Tickets
Jakarta - Bali cheap tickets

Jakarta - Surabaya cheap tickets

Jakarta - Singapura cheap tickets

Jakarta - Malang cheap tickets

Jakarta - Yogyakarta cheap tickets
Popular Hotels
Hotels in Jakarta

Hotels in Bandung

Hotels in Yogyakarta

Hotels in Bali

Hotels in Singapore
Country & Language
Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia)
Indonesia (English)
Malaysia (English)
Malaysia (Bahasa Malaysia)
Philippines (English)
Singapore (English)
Thailand (English)
ไทย (ภาษาไทย)
Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt)
Vietnam (English)
About Traveloka
How to Book
Contact Us
Help Center
Careers
Installment
Others
Blog
Newsletter Subscription
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Register Your Hotel
Traveloka Press Room
Don't worry, be app-y!

Download FREE Traveloka Flight Ticket and Hotel Booking App Now!
We will send a download link to your smartphone
Send link via SMS
or
Send link via email
Traveloka Flight Ticket and Hotel Booking App can be downloaded from Google Play Store and iTunes App Store.
Find out more
Copyright © 2017 Traveloka
?
Need help?
evtbvsrwfq