Wings Air Online Booking - Get Wings Air Promotion and Cheap Flight Tickets on Traveloka
warning
This site needs Javascript. Please activate Javascript to continue.
Promos
Retrieve Booking
IDR
My Account
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data Packages
Attractions & Activities
Search cheap and promo Wings Air flight tickets here!
Flight Destination
From:
To:
Date of Flight
Departure:

One-way
Return
Return:

Search Flights
No. of Passengers:
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
0
1
2
3
4
Seat Class:
Economy
Search Flights
<div id="smartCari">Search +</div> Auto-search


Overview
Service & Facilities
Policies
Flight Routes
Profile










Get the best Wings Air promotion and deals from Traveloka. Register your email and enjoy up to 70% member-only discount!







Join







Wings Air: An Introduction
Established in 2003,
Wings Air
is a subsidiary company of Lion Air which focuses on domestic routes and mainly serves as a feeder airline. Many of Wings Air routes are an extension from another Lion Air Group's airlines such as Batik Air, Malindo Air, and Lion Air. With its position as a low-cost and feeder airline, Wings Air only offers flights in one class, which is the Economy Class.



Overview

Wings Air Booking & E-ticket
Traveloka Airline Partners
Traveloka Official Payment Partners


Wings Air Booking & E-ticket

Search and book your Wings Air flight tickets online via Traveloka to get the best price and promotions.

How to Book
Here’s how you can book your Wings Air ticket online:

Go to
Traveloka website
or open your Traveloka App

Fill in the flight details in the search box

Choose and book your flight

Fill in contact information and passenger details

Complete your payment through the selected method

Receive your Wings Air e-ticket in
My Booking
or in your email




How to Pay
Payment for your Wings Air ticket can be made via bank transfer (ATM/SMS Banking/e-banking/bank teller), credit card, and Indomaret.
For complete information about payment methods, please visit
How to Pay
.



Wings Air E-ticket
Wings Air e-ticket is an eligible proof for booking an Wings Air flight. Show your e-ticket during check-in at the Wings Air counter at the airport, or use it for self check-in (at the airport or online), to get your boarding pass.

If you have not received your e-ticket within 60 minutes after payment is completed, please contact Traveloka Customer Service.


Traveloka Airline Partners - Domestic & International








Traveloka Official Payment Partners

























Service & Facilities

Wings Air Rating
Wings Air Seat Class
Wings Air Fleet
Wings Air In-flight Crew


Wings Air Rating



based on
5 reviews

Service standard:
LCC-Hybrid





Wings Air Seat Class


Economy Class


Since most of Wings Air’s flights last less than one hour, Wings Air offers flights only in Economy Class. With no reclining option, passengers will find the seats comfortable enough due to the flights’ short duration. The Economy Class provides 78 seats in its cabin, with ample space for cabin baggage. Wings Air states that each passenger is entitled to a standard allowance of cabin baggage, which is 7 kg in weight and size not exceeding 40 cm x 30 cm x 20 cm. Moreover, passengers are also entitled to 10 kg of checked baggage.










Wings Air Fleet



ATR 72-500


Seat class:

Economy


Seat layout:

2-2 (Economy)


Seat pitch:

29 inches (Economy)


In-flight entertainment:
Not Available

WiFi:
Not Available

Power/USB port:
Not Available








Wings Air In-flight Crew





Wings Air Flight Attendant Uniform

With a short-sleeved mini dress with a high neckline, Wings Air flight attendants uniform displays a humble and fresh appearance. Red color dominates the uniform, in line with Wings Air’s logo and livery. Falling right above the knee, sometimes the dress is worn with a pair of black stockings. The uniform is completed with a Wings Air logo on the left side of the chest.



Policies

Wings Air Baggage Allowance
Wings Air Passenger Policy
Wings Air Check-in Policy
Wings Air Refund Policy
Wings Air Reschedule Policy


Wings Air Baggage Allowance




Flight Route
Seat Class
Cabin Baggage
Checked Baggage




All routes

Economy Class

Max. 7 kg 
(Dimension: 40 x 20 x 30 cm)

Max. 10 kg


Wings Air Passenger Policy


Infant Passenger Policy (0-2 Years Old)


Infants younger than two days are not allowed onboard.

Infants between two to seven days old are required to bring medical clearance from a doctor or health institution, which must be issued within 72 hours before departure.

Infant passengers are required to buy tickets and will be charged 20% of the adult ticket fare, with no baggage allowance.

Infants traveling on Wings Air must have the Form of Indemnity signed by the parents.





Child Passenger Policy (2-12 Years Old)


Children over two years old are required to buy tickets and will be charged the full adult fare.

Children between two to 12 years old are not allowed to travel alone.





Pregnant Passenger Policy


Passengers with a pregnancy of 28 weeks are required to provide a medical recommendation letter from a doctor or midwife, which must be issued within 72 hours before departure.

Passengers with complications in their pregnancy are required to obtain a medical clearance from a medical practitioner or health institution.

Pregnant passengers are required to sign a Form of Indemnity (FOI) from Wings Air before departure.





Disabled Passenger Policy


Passengers with disabilities must inform their conditions and requirements to the airline.

Passengers with disabilities who cannot take care of themselves are required to inform the airline regarding their needs of assistance.

Passengers with disabilities who cannot take care of themselves may not be allowed to travel alone, especially when passengers cannot understand and practice safety instructions.

Passengers with disabilities are required to provide a recommendation letter from the relevant health institution.

Passengers with disabilities may not be seated near the emergency door or evacuation path.

Wings Air allows wheelchair or other mobility aid devices inside the cabin without additional payment, as long is it complies with the safety regulations.



Wings Air Check-in Policy


Wings Air Check-in Time

Please find the check-in time for all Wings Air flights on the table below. Check-in time may vary if your flight is operated by a partner airline. Please check your e-ticket to ensure.



Flight Route

Recommended Check-in Time

Check-in Time Limit




Domestic

1 hour before departure

30 minutes before departure
International

1 hour 30 minutes before departure

45 minutes before departure





Wings Air Online Check-in

Online check-in is also available for Wings Air flights. Please follow the steps below.

Go to
Wings Air web check-in page

Enter your booking code, or other booking details, as instructed

Complete your check-in details

Save and/or print your boarding pass




Wings Air Refund Policy

In general, refunds are permitted for personal reasons (self-cancellation, sickness, pregnancy, or death of a passenger), cancellation/rescheduling by the airline, force majeure, or double booking. However, different airlines have different policies regarding acceptable refund reasons. Please visit
Wings Air Refund Policy
for a complete information on refund.
How to Refund




Wings Air Reschedule Policy

You can easily change your flight schedule and itinerary using Easy Reschedule. Some airlines allow changes to date, time, route, and airline, while some only allow changes to date and time. 

Please refer to
Wings Air Reschedule Terms & Conditions
to find the complete guide to rescheduling your flight. If your flight is not eligible for Easy Reschedule, please contact Wings Air directly to reschedule.
How to Reschedule




Flight Routes

Wings Air Schedule
Wings Air Destinations
Wings Air Popular Routes
Popular Hotels



Wings Air Destinations



Java


Bandung

Banyuwangi

Jakarta

Jakarta

Malang

Semarang

Solo

Surabaya

Yogyakarta

Jember




Sumatra


Banda Aceh

Bandar Lampung

Batam

Bengkulu

Gunung Sitoli

Jambi

Lhokseumawe

Medan

Meulaboh

Natuna

Padang

Palembang

Bangka / Pangkal Pinang

Pekanbaru

Sibolga

Silangit

Belitung / Tanjung Pandan

Bintan / Tanjung Pinang

Lubuk Linggau

Sabang

Dumai

Simeulue




Borneo


Balikpapan

Banjarmasin

Berau

Ketapang

Kotabaru

Palangkaraya

Pangkalan Bun

Pontianak

Putussibau

Sampit

Sintang

Tanjung Selor

Tarakan




Sulawesi


Bau-Bau, Buton

Gorontalo

Kendari

Luwuk

Makassar

Mamuju

Manado

Naha

Palu

Pomala

Poso

Talaud

Wakatobi

Tolitoli

Muna / Raha

Buol

Selayar




Bali & Lesser Sunda Is.


Alor

Bima

Bali / Denpasar

Ende

Kupang

Labuan Bajo

Lombok

Maumere

Sumbawa Besar

Waikabubak

Waingapu

Atambua

Bajawa

Larantuka




Moluccas & Papua


Ambon

Biak

Buli, Maba

Fak Fak

Jayapura

Kaimana

Langgur-Kei

Manokwari

Merauke

Nabire

Sorong

Ternate

Timika

Tobelo

Wamena

Morotai Island

Galela

Saumlaki




Australia


Perth




China


Shanghai

Shenzhen

Changsa




Hong Kong


Hong Kong




Malaysia


Johor Bahru

Kuching

Kuala Lumpur

Kuala Lumpur-Subang

Kota Kinabalu

Langkawi

Malacca

Penang

Alor Setar

Ipoh

Kerteh

Kota Bharu

Kuala Terengganu

Miri

Tawau




Myanmar


Yangon




Singapore


Singapore




Taiwan


Taipei




Thailand


Bangkok

Chiang Mai

Hat Yai

Krabi

Phuket

Surat Thani

Udon Thani

Chiang Rai

Ubon Ratchathani




Vietnam


Hanoi

Ho Chi Minh City




Saudi Arabia


Jeddah




India


Kochi

New Delhi

Mumbai

Tiruchirappalli (Trichy)

Visakhapatnam (Vizag)

Chennai




Bangladesh


Chittagong

Dhaka




Nepal


Kathmandu




Sri Lanka


Colombo



Wings Air Popular Routes

Jakarta – Denpasar Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Surabaya Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Singapore Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Malang Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Yogyakarta Flight Tickets
Yogyakarta – Singapore Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Medan Flight Tickets
Surabaya – Jakarta Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Lombok Flight Tickets
Popular Hotels

Hotels in Jakarta
Hotels in Bali
Hotels in Yogyakarta
Hotels in Malang
Hotels in Bandung
Hotels in Singapore
Hotels in Bogor
Hotels in Surabaya
Hotels in Semarang



Profile

About Wings Air
Wings Air History
Contact Wings Air

About Wings Air


Wings Air (IATA Code: IW)
is a subsidiary company of Lion Air, together with Batik Air, Malindo Air, Lion Air. Wings Air currently serves domestic flights to 75 destinations across Indonesia, consisting of mostly short-haul flights of less than one hour. All of Wings Air’s fleet are propeller-based aircraft, allowing the airline to serve difficult routes and even the unreachable airstrips. 

Operating from Soekarno-Hatta International Airport, Wings Air focuses on covering all destinations in Indonesia. This has become an important task since Indonesia consists of many islands and therefore in need of effective mode of air transportation to connect them. To serve this purpose, Wings Air placed its hubs across the biggest cities in Indonesia, such as Soekarno-Hatta International Airport in Jakarta, Sam Ratulangi International Airport in Manado, I Gusti Ngurah Rai International Airports in Denpasar, Kuala Namu International Airport in Medan, and Hang Nadim International Airports in Batam. 

Wings Air’s logo and livery was originally shaped like a pair of wings in a circle, representing its name. However, Wings Air is changing its logo towards being more similar the Lion Air’s logo as its parent company. Carrying the slogan of "Flying is Cheap", Wings Air aims to give good quality service in an affordable price to its passengers. Wings Air thrives in providing humble and warm service, reflecting the Indonesian culture. This values can also be seen in Wings Air’s friendly service on the cabin and airport, where its friendly and professional staff are always ready to offer a helping hand to its passengers.

Being awarded the IATA Standard Safety Assessment by International Air Transport Association (IATA) in 2015, Wings Air has really proven its excellence in safety and service. ISSA is a safety audit certificate which is given to airlines who are qualified for aircraft safety standard.

Before Lion Air declared itself as an affordable and low-cost airline, Wings Air was purposed to be the low-cost carrier in the Lion Air Group. However, since Lion Air shifted its focus to the low-cost market, this forced Wings Air to also shift its market to be a feeder airline for Lion Air. Therefore, it is common to find Lion Air or Batik Air flights extended by Wing Air flights to reach the more remote areas.

As a feeder airline, Wings Air only offers flights in the Economy Class, which provides 78 seats in its cabin. Since Wings Air serves mostly short-haul flights, it does not offer in-flight meal service and only provides mineral water for its passengers. Each Wings Air passenger is entitled to 10 kg of checked baggage and a standard allowance of cabin baggage, which is 7 kg in weight and size not exceeding 40 cm x 30 cm x 20 cm. Anything bigger than the standardized dimension and weight need to be registered as a checked baggage. 

Check-in can be done between two hours to 45 minutes before departure, while boarding gates will be closed 15 minutes before departure. To ensure convenience for its passengers, Wings Air offers several alternative methods to check-in. Aside from checking in directly at the airport, check-in is also available online through Lion Air’s official website (
http://www.lionair.co.id/
). Online check-in is available from 24 hours to four hours before departure.


Wings Air History


The history of Wings Air is closely related to Lion Air Group’s history as its parent company. Working as a travel agent in the airport, Rusdi Kirana, the owner of Lion Air Group, came to a conclusion that the Indonesian people needed an airline that is both affordable and has the ability to reach remote areas in Indonesia. Therefore, Wings Air emerged as an affordable airline with good quality to serve flights in the Indonesian region. 

In 2003, Wings Air was originally established as a low-cost carrier by Lion Air Group. Wings Air’s call sign is “Wings Abadi Air”, derived from the airline’s original name. However, since the name was considered too long, it was later changed into “Wings Air”. Wings Air has been managed by Rusdi Kirana as the CEO and Edward Sirait as the President Director.

Although Lion Air Group has been promoting their full-service airlines such as Batik Air and Lion Air as their main airline, Wings Air has not been too active in promoting its airline since the ticket sometimes sold in a package with Lion Air tickets. However, in its development, Lion Air slowly shifted its position and started promoting affordable flights to keep up with the market trend. Therefore, Wings Air was repurposed to serve as a feeder airline for Lion Air, Batik Air, and Malindo Air.

In its first flights, Wings Air used MD-80 and MD-82, which was once used by Lion Air. However, the MD-80s and MD-82s were considered old in its peers. Therefore, Wings Air started to renew their aircraft with newer technology by buying the French-based aircraft, the ATR. ATR was chosen as Wings Air’s primary aircraft due to its twin turbo propeller machine made by France, suitable for its need of small flights. 

On 15 November 2009, Wings Air announced that it had signed a deal to order for 15 ATR 72-500 aircraft with a further 15 options for ATR's new ATR 72-600 aircraft, with the first three ATR 72-500s to be delivered in January 2010. On 25 February 2011, Lion Air signed an order for 15 new ATR 72s for the Wings Air fleet, replacing the deal for 15 options of ATR 72-600 in 2009. On 27 November 2014, Lion Air signed an order for 40 new ATR 72-600 for the Wings Air fleet, making Lion Group the largest customer of ATR. ATR 72-500 and ATR 72-600 were chosen because of its high efficiency and low operational cost. With excellent performance on the short airstrip, these aircraft were ideal to serve flights to remote destinations in Indonesia with difficult tracks. Moreover, ATR 72-500 and ATR 72-600 machines have good endurance in extreme weather and varying altitudes.

This addition in aircraft is also accompanied by expanding routes and flight frequency. Some of the short routes handled by Lion Air was transferred to Wings Air. As a result, Wings Air expanded their route in Indonesia and linked more small cities around the country. Small cities and remote areas that are previously unreachable by large aircraft now can be visited for business or leisure.

There are concerns about the small accidents happened to some of Wings Air's flight. To address these concerns, the company proposed for a  safety audit by IATA. As a result, IATA awarded Wings Air as a safe airline. Each of Wings Air’s aircraft has been awarded the IATA Standard Safety Assessment (ISSA), successfully bringing the passengers’ trust back to Wings Air as their chosen airline.

Currently, Wings Air has at least five hubs in important areas across Indonesia, which are Sam Ratulangi International Airport in Manado, Soekarno-Hatta International Airport in Jakarta, Hang Nadim International Airport in Batam, Kuala Namu International Airport in Medan, and I Gusti Ngurah Rai International Airport in Bali. Those hubs are strategically placed to ensure Wings Air’s ability to cover flights around important routes around Indonesia. Some of the important routes for Indonesian travelers are Bali, Medan, Jakarta, Singapore, Thailand, and Australia. The longer routes can be reached by booking an extensive flight by Wings Air and Lion Air.  

In early 2017, Wings Air added new routes between Borneo and Celebes islands. The routes cover cities like Banjarmasin, Makassar, Batulicin, and Kendari. By strengthening the access between islands, Wings Air has been helping the mobility between big and small cities around Indonesia. Wings Air has helped remote areas which have never been touched by air transportation before. By connecting big and small cities through a safer and cheaper transportation, Wings Air has been a great benefit for both business and leisure travelers.




Contact Wings Air


(+6221) 6379 8000




Wings Air Office


Wings Air


Jl. Gajah Mada no. 7
Jakarta Pusat 10130
Jakarta, Indonesia



Share














Register your email and enjoy up to 70% member-only discount!





Join




Customer Service
0804-1500-308
About Traveloka
How to Book
Contact Us
Help Center
Careers
Installment
Others
Blog
Newsletter Subscription
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Register Your Hotel
Traveloka Press Room
Products
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data
Attractions & Activities
Download Traveloka App
Payment Partners
Follow us on
Copyright © 2017 Traveloka
?
Need help?
evtbvsrwfq