Bali Hotels - Cheap Promo Hotel in Bali
warning
This site needs Javascript. Please activate Javascript to continue.
Promos
Retrieve Booking
IDR
My Account
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data Packages
Attractions & Activities
One More Step!
Continue
Hotels
>
Indonesia
(18802 Hotels)
>
Bali
(6035 Hotels)
Hotels in Bali
Indonesia ·
6035 hotels available
Search and book cheap hotels in 3 easy steps here!
Provide name of hotel/city/region
Provide check-in date
Provide check-out date
Select no. of rooms
Destination/Hotel Name
Duration of Stay
Check-in:
Duration
1 night
2 nights
3 nights
4 nights
5 nights
6 nights
7 nights
8 nights
9 nights
10 nights
11 nights
12 nights
13 nights
14 nights
15 nights
Check-out:
How many rooms?
1 room
2 rooms
3 rooms
4 rooms
5 rooms
Search Hotels
No. of Guest(s) & Room(s)
Select the number of guest(s) & room(s)
×
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
Search Hotels
Subscribe to Traveloka Newsletter
Subscribe for up to 70% discount through exclusive flight & hotel deals delivered directly to your inbox.
Subscribe
Don't worry, be app-y!
Download FREE Traveloka Flight Ticket and Hotel Booking App Now!
Hotels in popular areas
Hotel at Denpasar
Hotel at Sanur
Hotel at Karangasem
Hotel at Tabanan
Hotel at Gianyar
Hotel at Buleleng
Hotel at Jembrana
Hotel at Badung Regency
Hotel at Klungkung
Hotel at Bangli
Popular hotels in Bali
Horison Legian
Jl. Sunset Road No. 150 , Badung, Indonesia, 80361
8.5
/ 10
Very Good
Atanaya by Century Park
Sunset Road 88 A, Kuta (Next to Krisna Oleh Oleh) , Badung, Indonesia, 80361
8.6
/ 10
Very Good
Kuta Majesty Hotel Bali
Jalan Raya Kuta 78 Kuta, Badung, Indonesia
8.5
/ 10
Very Good
Grandmas Plus Hotel - Legian
Jalan Sriwijaya No. 368, Badung, Indonesia, 80361
8.7
/ 10
Very Good
MaxOneHotels at Legian
Jl. Werkudara Legian Badung Bali, Badung, Indonesia, 80361
8.2
/ 10
Very Good
The ONE Legian
Jalan Legian No. 117 Badung - Bali 80361, Indonesia, Badung, Indonesia, 80361
8.5
/ 10
Very Good
Fashion Hotel Legian
Jl Raya Legian No. 121 Kuta, Badung, Indonesia, 80361
8.6
/ 10
Very Good
Instyle Kuta Hotel Bali​​
Jalan Dewi Sri No.16, Kuta, Badung, Indonesia, 80361
8.6
/ 10
Very Good
Hardys Rofa Hotel and Spa Legian
Jalan Nakula Timur No.9, Badung, Indonesia, 80361
8.1
/ 10
Very Good
POP! Hotel Teuku Umar
Jl. Teuku Umar no. 74	, Denpasar, Indonesia, 55272
8.1
/ 10
Very Good
Kutabex Beachfront Hotel
JALAN PANTAI KUTA, BANJAR PANDE MAS, Badung, Indonesia, 80361
8.5
/ 10
Very Good
Rabasta Beach Resort Kuta
Jalan Kartika Plaza, Pudaksari Lane No 3, Badung, Indonesia, 80361
7.6
/ 10
Good
Berry Biz Hotel by Avilla Hospitality
Sunset Road No. 99, Legian Kaja, Kuta, Bali, Badung, Indonesia, 80361
8.4
/ 10
Very Good
Duo Legian Hotel
Jl. Batu Pageh Gg. Melani Legian, Badung, Indonesia, 80361
8.8
/ 10
Very Good
HARRIS Hotel Tuban
Jalan Dewi Sartika, Badung, Indonesia, 80361
8.4
/ 10
Very Good
Horison Jimbaran Hotel
Jl. Uluwatu 1 No 389, Kedonganan,, Badung, Indonesia, 80366
8.4
/ 10
Very Good
H Sovereign Bali
Jalan Raya Tuban No. 2 , Lingkungan Tuban Griya, Badung, Indonesia, 80361
8.8
/ 10
Very Good
POP! Hotel Kuta Beach
Jl. Kubu Bene, Badung, Indonesia, 80361
8.0
/ 10
Very Good
J Hotel Kuta
Jl. RAYA KUTA 88D, KUTA, BADUNG - BALI, INDONESIA, Badung, Indonesia, 80361
8.4
/ 10
Very Good
Everyday Smart Hotel
Komplek Istana Kuta Galleria, Blok Etni No: 12/12A, Central Park Kuta, Badung, Indonesia, 80361
7.6
/ 10
Good
others
Read about:


Bali major areas


South Bali

Central Bali

West Bali

North Bali

East Bali

Islands in southeast of Bali



Bali History

How to get to Bali


By plane

By sea and land



Bali public transportations

Bali climate

Bali local language


Popular local terms



Bali tourist attractions


Pura Tanah Lot

Padang-Padang beach

Sacred Monkey Forest (Mandala Wisata Wanara Wana), Ubud

Kuta

Tegalalang Rice Terrace, Ubud



Bali temples


Pura Agung Besakih

Pura Luhur Uluwatu

Pura Luhur Tanah Lot

Pura Ulun Danu

Pura Lempuyang



Bali cultures

Nightlife in Bali

Bali recommended places to eat

Bali travel tips

Other cheap hotels
Cheap hotels in Indonesia
Cheap hotels in Bali
Other star hotels in Bali
5-star hotels in Bali
4-star hotels in Bali
3-star hotels in Bali
2-star hotels in Bali
Other hotels in Bali
Budget hotels in Bali
Luxury hotels in Bali
Best hotels in Bali
Hotels near popular landmarks
Hotels near Beachwalk
Hotels near Kuta Beach
Hotels near Tanah Lot
Hotels near Kuta Square
Hotels near Mall Bali Galeria
Hotels near Gajah Mas Gallery
Hotels near Joger Kuta
Hotels near Seminyak Square
Hotels near Bali Zoo
Hotels near Potato Head Beach Club
Hotels near Dreamland Beach
Hotels near Bali Bird Park
Hotels near Ngurah Rai International Airport (DPS)
Hotels near Lovina Beach
Hotels near Seminyak Beach
Hotels near Double Six Beach
Hotels near Amed Beach
Hotels near Sanur Beach
Hotels near Discovery Shopping Mall
Hotels near Legian Beach
See more hotels
Hotels in other areas
Hotel at Yogyakarta Province
Hotel at Jakarta
Hotel at Lampung Province
Hotel at Jambi Province
Hotel at Bengkulu Province
Hotel at Gorontalo
Hotel at Aceh
Hotel at Banten
Hotel at Papua
Hotel at Riau
Hotel at East Java
Hotel at Central Java
Hotel at North Sumatra
Hotel at West Sumatra
Hotel at West Java
Hotel at Maluku
Hotel at North Sulawesi
Hotel at East Kalimantan
Hotel at South Kalimantan
Hotel at West Kalimantan
See more hotels
About
As the most popular destination in Indonesia, Bali is known to be a romantic, spiritual and exotic island. It offers various unique, natural to spiritual attractions such as villages, beaches and temples. Bali temples mostly gain influence from Hindu culture and appear in almost every area and street corners.

Bali’s rich traditional arts are also tourists’ favorite attractions. Varying from paintings, sculptures, wood carvings, handmade crafts to traditional dances, most traditional arts are also heavily influenced by the Hindu culture.

Covering an area of 5.600 square km, Bali is more than beaches. The Island of Gods boasts other fascinating views such as volcanic hills, mountains and rice terraces. The highest mountain in Bali is called Mount Agung, located in the far east. Several other mountains are spread from the middle to the east of the island.

The land of Bali is fertile due to a number of volcano and mountains surrounding it. The amount of mountains has also caused heavy rainfall in the areas of Bali. Up north near the beaches, Bali also has a large area that produces coffee, rice, vegetables and farm animals.

The largest city in Bali is Denpasar, located in the south coast. Other major areas are Singaraja (north coast), Kuta and Ubud. Towards the east, you can visit Lombok that is believed to be the ‘better Bali’.

Bali major areas

Although Bali is relatively small in size, it has plenty of attractions to offer:

South Bali

South Bali is the most popular area, more like a tourist magnet. The area covers:

Denpasar

Denpasar is the capital of Bali that was established as the central government and transportation.

Jimbaran

Located around the seashore, Jimbaran offers you various seafood restaurants.

Kuta

Entertainment, nightlife, shopping and partying are the common activities happening in Kuta.

Legian

Similar to Kuta, Legian is filled with many restaurants and bars.

Sanur

From Sanur beach, tourists can witness Nusa Penida Island. Blanjong, an old inscription that shows the oldest history of Bali, is also located in Sanur.

Seminyak

Seminyak is the less crowded area filled with exclusive resorts, villas, restaurants and bars.

Central Bali

Located in a mountainous area, central Bali is the heart of Balinese culture. Visit these wonderful destinations:

Bedugul

Well known destinations in Bedugul are botanical garden, Candikuning market and Pura Ulun Danu Bratan (temple).

Tabanan

Mount Batukaru and black sand beaches attract tourists to visit Tabanan. Tabanan is also the main access to West Bali.

Ubud

Surrounded by mountains, Ubud is the home of Bali’s traditional arts. In Ubud, you can also visit many art shops selling handmade products. The famous Sacred Monkey Forest is located here.

West Bali

Ferry boats departing to Java leaves from the harbor in West Bali. Visit these areas and encounter other interesting facts about West Bali:

Gilimanuk

West Bali harbor is located in Gilimanuk.

Negara

Interesting things to see in Negara are cow racing and the amazing Pura Rumbut Siwi.

Medewi beach

Medewi beach is perfect for surfers. The beach is surrounded by Balinese style villages.

Menjangan Island

Menjangan Island is part of Taman Nasional Bali Barat (West Bali National Park). The island genuinely makes a perfect match for divers.

Pemuteran

Also a diver’s spot, Pemuteran offers you a stunning mountain view.

Taman Nasional Bali Barat
(West Bali National Park)

Trekking and birdwatching are two common activities at West Bali National Park. Around the park, you can also see the diverse marine life.

North Bali

The beautiful Lovina beach is located in North Bali. This area has plenty of interesting places to offer:

Lovina

For those who want to see dolphins, Lovina is your destination. The quiet atmosphere makes it the perfect beach to relax.

Seririt

Seririt is commonly known as a transit area before heading south.

Singaraja

Once known as the central administration of Bali, Singaraja is the largest city in North Bali.

East Bali

Forests, black sand beaches and Mount Agung (Pura Besakih) are what describe East Bali. Tourists also visit this area to go to Lombok, precisely from the Padang Bai Harbour. Well-known cities in East Bali are Candidasa, Klungkung, Amed, Kintamani and Tirta Gangga.

Islands in southeast of Bali

Several islands in the southeast have perfect diving, surfing and recreational spots. A number of destinations which you can visit are: Nusa Lembongan, Nusa Penida and Nusa Ceningan.

Bali History

The arrival of immigrants in Bali began in the prehistory, as they sailed across Asia and Oceania. Since then, Bali has been influenced by Hindu teachings mainly from India. These teachings began to influence society and form a Hindu culture in Bali.

In 1343, Hindu culture in Bali became stronger as Majapahit enters the island and spread Hinduism.

In 1597, after a Dutch explorer named Cornelis de Houtman made his way to Bali from Europe, Bali was ruled by the Dutch chartered company (VOC).

During World War II, Bali was occupied by Japan. However, after a war against the forces led by I Gusti Ngurah Rai, Japan stepped away from Bali.

When the Dutch returned to rule Bali, it led to a massive war called Puputan Margarana, a war against troops of I Gusti Ngurah Rai. After the war, in 1950,  Bali gained independence and became part of the Republic of Indonesia.

In 1963, Bali experienced economic crises caused by the explosion of Mount Agung. In 2002, Bali’s popular area Kuta went under terrorist attack. The same tragedy happened three years later in Kuta and Jimbaran.

How to get to Bali

By plane

Travelling to Bali by plane will land at Ngurah Rai International Airport (DPS) in Denpasar.

Transportation to and from the airport

The distance between the airport and Denpasar is 13 km or 30 minutes by car. You can either use taxi or the cheaper public transport called ‘bemo’.

When you take a bemo, tell the driver your destination considering that you may not be the only passenger.

By sea and land

Travelling to Bali by sea is relatively cheaper than by plane, yet takes a longer journey.

By ferry, the trip from Java Island to Gilimanuk Harbour in Bali may start from Ketapang Harbour in Banyuwangi, East Java. From other cities in Java, Banyuwangi can be reached by bus or train.

From Ketapang Harbour, the trip to Gilimanuk Harbour will take around 30-45 minutes.

Ferry fare from Ketapang to Gilimanuk Harbour:


Without vehicle: IDR 6.000 per person

With motorcycle: IDR 16.000 per person

With MPV car: IDR 114.000


From Gilimanuk Harbour to Denpasar by bus, the trip will take around 3 hours.

(All prices shown may be subject to change).

Bali public transportations

Taxi

Taxi is easy to find in Denpasar.

Taxi fare such as Blue Bird starts from IDR 7.000. For every next kilometer, the price adds IDR 3.000.

Trans Sarbagita bus

This light blue coloured bus is one of the cheapest public transports in Bali. This bus serves routes to 4 major areas in Bali: Denpasar, Badung, Gianyar, Tabanan, including the airport.

Trans Sarbagita bus operates everyday from 05:00-21:00 WITA (local time) and leaves every 15 minutes.

Trans Sarbagita bus fare:


Public: IDR 3.500 (main route), IDR 3.000 (feeder route)

Students: IDR 2.500 (main route), IDR 2.000 (feeder route)


Angkutan kota or bemo (city transport)

Bemo in Bali is a four wheel minibus. Bemo to Kuta and Nusa Dua can be found at Tegal Terminal in Denpasar.

Bemo price range: between IDR 3.000-IDR 5.000 per person.

Car/motorcycle/bicycle (rental)

Many tourists choose to rent a car or motorcycle in Bali. However during traffic hours, bike and motorcycle are more preferable.

Rental fee:


Motorcycle: ranges from IDR 50.000-IDR 70.000 per day, depending on the type

Car: ranges from IDR 450.000-IDR 550.000 per 10 hours, depending on the type (including driver, fuel, and parking fee)

Bicycle: around IDR 50.000 per 12 hours


Jalan tol Bali Mandara (Bali Mandara highway)

Bali Mandara highway is the first highway in Bali that connects three areas: Ngurah Rai, Nusa Dua and Benoa.

Bali Mandara highway is 12.7 km long and most parts of it are built above the sea. What makes it different from other highways is that motorcycles are allowed to ride through.

Entrance fee to Bali Mandara highway


Bus dan four wheel vehicles: IDR 10.000

Two wheel vehicles (motorcycles): IDR 4.000


(All prices shown may be subject to change).

Bali climate

The temperature in Bali is around 24 to 31 degree Celsius. The dry season starts in April and ends in October whereas rainy season from October until April. The peak of rainy season is in February.

Bali local language

There are three types of local language in Bali:


Bali Alus: spoken among high class society

Bali Madya: spoken among middle class society or among seniors and subordinates

Bali Kasar: spoken among low class society


Popular local terms


“Kenken kabare?” is the daily Balinese term for “How are you?”

“Punapi gatra?” is the more polite way of saying “How are you?”


Bali tourist attractions

Bali offers you various tourist attractions from beach recreation, mount trekking to temple sightseeing. These are several destinations you can visit:

Pura Tanah Lot

Pura Tanah Lot is located in Beraban Village, Tabanan. From Denpasar, the distance to this temple is 30 km or around 30 minutes by car.

Located in the coastal area, Pura Tanah Lot is around 20 meters from the shoreline. Tourists usually gathered here during sunset to enjoy the beautiful view of both the temple and the sea.

An interesting fact about Pura Tanah Lot is the cave that keeps a holy black-white snake. The locals believe that it is the caretaker of the cave.

Price of admission to Pura Tanah Lot


Adult: IDR 10.000

Children: IDR 7.500


Padang-Padang beach

Padang-Padang beach has a unique entrance. The route to this beach is the same as the route to Dreamland beach.

Hollywood movie “Eat, Pray, Love” starring Julia Roberts has two scenes at Padang-Padang beach.

Access to Padang-Padang beach:

Padang-Padang beach is located in Pecatu Village in the Uluwatu area. From Kuta beach, it is a 30-minute drive. From Ngurah Rai International Airport, it is a 20-minute drive. From Garuda Wisnu Kencana Park, it is only a five minute drive.

Sacred Monkey Forest (Mandala Wisata Wanara Wana), Ubud

As the name suggests, this area is crowded by hundreds of monkeys
(Macaca fascicuiaris). The holiness of this area is symbolized by Pura Dalem Agung Padang Tegal located in the middle of the forest.

Two other temples in this area are Pura Dalem Agung and Pura Pemandian Suci. Pura Pemandian Suci covers 3 types of pools: Utama Mandala (ritual), Madia Mandala (sacred) and Nista Mandala (public).

Price of admission to Sacred Monkey Forest: IDR 25.000 per person

Opening hours: 08:30-18:00

Kuta

For those who would like to surf or learn how to surf, you must visit Kuta beach. This area also offers you a beautiful sunset view. You can spend time by bar or cafe-hopping.

Kuta has the biggest water playground in Asia which is called Waterbom Park. It is only a stone’s throw away from Kuta beach.

Tegalalang Rice Terrace, Ubud

If you are looking for a beautiful view of the nature, then Tegalalang Rice Terrace is your destination. Not only unique but also popular since it is close to other tourist objects such as Tirta Empul and Mount Kawi Tampaksiring.

Trekking, visiting art shops, or chillaxing at one of the cafés are common activities in this area.

(All prices shown may be subject to change).

Bali temples

Bali is well-known for its
puras (temples) and shrines. Some of the most prominent are:

Pura Agung Besakih

Pura Agung Besakih is the largest and considered the holiest Hindu temple in Bali. It is a complex of 23 temples with Pura Penataran Agung as the most important.

Pura Basukian, the forerunner of Hindu Dharma in Bali, is also located at the complex of Pura Agung Besakih.

Pura Luhur Uluwatu

For those who want to watch Tari Kecak (Balinese dance) on top of a cliff, Pura Luhur Uluwatu is a must-visit.

Prices of admission to:


Watch Tarik Kecak Uluwatu: IDR 100.000 per person

Enter Pura Luhur Uluwatu: IDR 15.000 (adult), IDR 5.000 (children)


Pura Luhur Tanah Lot

Pura Tanah Lot is placed on a huge rock by the sea. This temple is often visited by many local as well as foreign tourists.

From Denpasar, a trip to Pura Luhur Tanah Lot is one hour by car.

Pura Ulun Danu

Pura Ulun Danu is located in Tabanan, 55 km away from Denpasar. Built in the middle of Beratan Lake, this is one of the most beautiful temples in Bali.

Pura Lempuyang

If you are looking for one of the oldest temples in Bali, then you must visit Pura Lempuyang, located in the area of Mount Lempuyang.

(All prices shown may be subject to change).

Bali cultures

Visit these places and explore Bali’s diverse cultural faces:

Ubud

Ubud is the home of Bali culture. Rent a bike and encounter several local art galleries, dance studios, and Hindu temples.

Penglipuran Village

If you would like to purchase Bali souvenirs and find out how to make one, then you must visit this village. In this area, you will also see different kinds of traditional houses.

From the airport, Penglipuran Village is about 2-hour drive away.

Taman Werdhi Budaya (Art Center)

Taman Werdhi Budaya is Bali’s cultural park and the venue of Bali Arts Festival.

It is located at Jalan Nusa Indah, Denpasar. From the airport by car, it is located around 30 minutes away.

Celuk Village

Celuk Village is famous for its gold and silver handicrafts made by locals. These crafts are sold for thousands to millions of rupiah.

It is located in Sukawati. To reach this place from Denpasar, take the route to Kintamani.

Nightlife in Bali

Besides beaches, villages and temples, Bali nightlife lures visitors with its charm:

Kuta

Kuta has several popular nightlife spots such as Zappaz, Ye Olde Foo-kin Pub, Sky Garden Lounge and Vienna coffee shop.

Ubud

In Ubud, you can
listen to jazz music while enjoying Asian cuisine at the Jazz Café. Besides that, you can also visit Napi Orti, Ozigo and Lebong Café.

Sanur

Sanur has some of the finest bars and cafes such as Borneo Bobs, Café Billiard, and Lazer Sport Bar.

Lovina

In Lovina, you can watch live music performances at Kantin 21. Other options are Triple 9, Poco Lounge and Volcano Club.

Bali recommended places to eat


Babi guling Ibu Oka,
Jalan Suweta/Tegal Sari 2, Ubud

Melting Wok Warung,
Jalan Gootama 13 Ubud (Indonesian cuisine)

Warung Bale,
Jalan Sriwedari 6 Ubud (Indonesian and Thai cuisine)

The Coffee House
, Jalan Basangkasa 3A, Seminyak (bread, coffee, Asian and Western food, desserts)

Bali Asli
, Jalan Gelumpang, Gelumpang Village, Karangasem (Balinese cuisine)

Warung Mila / Mila’s Warung,
Jalan Batur Sari 70 Sanur (Indonesian cuisine, vegetarian)


Bali travel tips

If you plan to take a holiday in Bali, follow these tips:


Considering how intense the sun could get, do not forget to use your sunblock cream if you plan to stay at the beach for a while.

Watch out for canang sari (Hindu offerings) whenever you walk on pavements or around temples.

Learn to negotiate before you purchase something at the market or anywhere else besides malls.

Exchanging currencies at Money Changers can be rather tricky. It is suggested to draw cash from the ATM.

Prepare an umbrella due to sudden heavy tropical rain.

If you need to send postcards, send them from other cities other than Bali as they can be much cheaper. As an example, Bali post office sells stamps twice more expensive than Jakarta.

When you visit places where there are monkeys and apes, beware of your belongings as they can be easily stolen.


Other Popular Hotels in Bali
Alila Seminyak
Hard Rock Hotel Bali
Ritz-Carlton
Grand Hyatt Bali
Conrad Bali
Toya Devasya
Novotel Bali Nusa Dua
Taman Selini Beach Bungalow
Daluman Villa
Le Nixsun Villa & Spa
Best Western Kuta Beach
Mermaid Seminyak villa
Patra Jasa
Padma Surya Homestay
Tune Hotel - Legian
Ayodya Resort Bali
Club Med Bali
Aleesha Villas
Kosantina Guest House
Citadines Kuta Beach Bali
Legian Beach Villas
Pajar House Ubud
Dayang Sumbi Guesthouse
Ucix Studio Seminyak
Hotel Made Bali
Peppers Seminyak
The Edge Bali
Sense Hotel Seminyak
Padma Resort Ubud
The Legian Mas Beach Inn
Alamanda Guest House
Mercure Kuta Bali
Aksata Villas
Adus Beach Inn
Rumah Desa
Bali Garden Beach Resort
Desa Seni
Bintang Kuta Hotel
AB Apartment
Tang,Ting,Tung ( T3 ) Homestay
See more hotels
Secure transaction on Traveloka
Hour
Customer Service
0804-1500-308
Popular Route Tickets
Jakarta - Bali cheap tickets

Jakarta - Surabaya cheap tickets

Jakarta - Singapura cheap tickets

Jakarta - Malang cheap tickets

Jakarta - Yogyakarta cheap tickets
Popular Hotels
Hotels in Jakarta

Hotels in Bandung

Hotels in Yogyakarta

Hotels in Bali

Hotels in Singapore
Country & Language
Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia)
Indonesia (English)
Malaysia (English)
Malaysia (Bahasa Malaysia)
Philippines (English)
Singapore (English)
Thailand (English)
ไทย (ภาษาไทย)
Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt)
Vietnam (English)
About Traveloka
How to Book
Contact Us
Help Center
Careers
Installment
Others
Blog
Newsletter Subscription
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Register Your Hotel
Traveloka Press Room
Don't worry, be app-y!

Download FREE Traveloka Flight Ticket and Hotel Booking App Now!
We will send a download link to your smartphone
Send link via SMS
or
Send link via email
Traveloka Flight Ticket and Hotel Booking App can be downloaded from Google Play Store and iTunes App Store.
Find out more
Copyright © 2017 Traveloka
?
Need help?
evtbvsrwfq