Indosat Credit
warning
This site needs Javascript. Please activate Javascript to continue.
Promos
Retrieve Booking
IDR
My Account
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data Packages
Attractions & Activities
Enter Destination Number
Make sure your prepaid mobile or BOLT! number is entered correctly.
Choose Product
Top-Up
Data Package
When purchasing data packages, the destination number must not be within the grace period.
Details:
The product details will be shown here.

Buy Now
Pulsa & Internet
>
Pulsa
>
Indosat

Indosat Credit





Balance Transfer with Indosat Ooredoo
How to Check your Indosat Ooredoo Credit Balance
How to Buy Indosat Ooredoo Credit through Traveloka
Indosat Ooredoo Emergency Credit
Brief Information about Indosat Ooredoo
Indosat Credit
Credit

Simpati Top-Up
Kartu As Top-Up
XL Top-Up
IM3 Top-Up
Telkomsel Top-Up
Indosat Top-Up
Mentari Top-Up
Axis Top-Up
Tri Top-Up
BOLT! Top-Up
Smartfren Top-Up
Loop Top-Up
Data Package

Simpati Data Package
Kartu As Data Package
XL Data Package
IM3 Data Package
Telkomsel Data Package
Indosat Data Package
Mentari Data Package
Axis Data Package
Tri Data Package
BOLT! Data Package
Loop Data Package



Balance Transfer with Indosat Ooredoo.

As an Indosat Ooredoo user, you have the ability to share joy, and relief, to those others who are also Indosat users as you’re able to transfer Indosat Ooredoo credit to family and friends with a small fee added on. This is typically referred to as a “balance transfer”; a process where someone sends their own credit to another user. The advantage to this, is being able to send credit to someone without having to pay for it first. One disadvantage, however, is that you’re only able to send an amount which is less than your remaining credit balance. So essentially, if your remaining balance is Rp.50,000, you’re not able to send an amount higher than that to the relatives in need.

Credit transfer is actually very beneficial to the users of this provider. There are several benefits to the activity. First, you’re able to help others through the credit transfer. These could be family members, friends, or simply people nearby. You can transfer the credit when they need credit, but do not have the money to buy it themselves. You can set a little aside to keep the communication running smoothly.

The same can be true for you. Occasionally, circumstances will not allow you to buy credit. Not necessarily because of money; perhaps you are in a remote area, and you’re not able to look for, or find a credit counter. Buying your package online is possibly not an option, because you’re outside the reach of a stable network connection. Additionally, your need for the credit may be for essential communication. In this instance, you can ask your relatives to transfer their balance to your number. This is not carried out over the internet, so you’re able to receive the balance even if you’re out of network coverage. So you need no longer fear being out of credit when in remote areas, because you’ll still be able to receive and transmit credit with this balance transfer scheme, which is operated by most operators. This is including Indosat Ooredoo.

Transferring credit is typically very simple. For Indosat Ooredoo customers, you simply send an SMS to 151 with the following format: TP (space) destination number (space) amount. So, for example, you want to credit worth Rp.5,000 to the number 085612523xxx. You simply type the following message; TP 085612523xxx 5000, and send it to 151. You’ll receive a reply message giving you a reference number regarding your balance transfer. Now your only task is to confirm it, by typing OK. You don’t need to worry that it should fail. If it does fail, you’ll receive an SMS detailing it, and your balance shall not be cut.

Terms and Conditions of Indosat Ooredoo Balance Transfer

Before you decide to make a balance transfer, you must understand the conditions which will determine if whether the transaction is a success.

First, you must have a minimum remaining balance of Rp.5000. It also important that you have enough credit, that equals the amount you wish to send, plus administrative costs. For example, if you only have Rp.6,000 remaining, you can’t send the credit.

Secondly, you must insure that the number receiving the credit is still in the active period. If not, the balance transfer will fail, and is unable to go through. The same applies to you, should someone need to send you credit. Your number must still be within its active period.

Third, and finally, there are minimum and maximum amounts that you’re able to transfer. The smallest amount you’re able to transfer is Rp.5,000, whereas, the largest is Rp.100,000. You can do the credit transfer multiple times, however the maximum amount to transfer is Rp.200,000.

How to Check your Indosat Ooredoo Credit Balance

Although you can purchase Indosat Ooredoo anywhere, at any time, but that doesn’t mean you can use phone credits carelessly. You surely want to spare yourself the trouble of having your important conversation being cut off due to running out of phone credit.

This may seem trivial, but checking your phone credit regularly is crucial to ensure that all your communications run smoothly. It is, therefore, important to find a number of practical ways to check your credit anytime. Here are a few ways to check your Indosat Ooredoo Credit.

First, you can make a phone call to the voice operator to check your remaining Indosat Ooredoo balance directly. If you’re an IM3 user, simply push the number one, and you’ll receive the information of your remaining Indosat Ooredoo credit balance as well as the active period of your IM3 credit. If you’re a Mentari user, make a phone call to 555 to get the same information.

Alternatively, you can also check your remaining balance by entering the USSD code. For Indosat Ooredoo, simply dial *123# then you’ll get a pop-up message containing your number’s remaining credit balance. You can also use this method to get your remaining internet quota or to buy data.

Another way of checking the remaining balance is through SMS. Type USAGE and send to 363. In, you’ll get a reply which contains your remaining credit balance and its active period, too.

The last method is by visiting the official Indosat Ooredoo website, which can be accessed on both desktop and mobile browser. Simply go onto the official Indosat Ooredoo website; create an account using your number, and you’ll all set. All information about your credit balance and account, including Indosat SIM cards, will appear there.

How to Buy Indosat Ooredoo Credit through Traveloka

Buying Indosat Ooredoo credit through Traveloka is quite simple. Make sure you have installed the latest version of Traveloka mobile application, Traveloka App for Android or iOS. Then open the app and choose Top-Up & Data Packages on the menu. Next, enter your phone number then tap the Search Product button. After that, you can simply follow the instructions given to complete your purchase. The credit balance will be added to your phone in a moment.

Indosat Ooredoo Emergency Credit

Buying credit is, now, clearly very easy. One way, is to buy your credit online, such as through the Traveloka App. However, there may come a time when you’re unable to do so; either due to a fund problem, or inadequate internet access.

As previously mentioned, there are other ways for you to buy credit without directly buying it, such as asking relatives; using the credit transfer system, you can get credit from them. However, there are requirements on these transactions, and it is possible they will fail.

Don’t panic though. For Indosat users, they can meet your credit needs by using the Indosat Ooredoo emergency credit. Using this, you’re able to get free credit, when conditions do not allow you to top-up your credit via usual methods.

You simply dial and call *505# to begin the process of activating emergency credit. You then select “YES” to confirm your desire to receive the emergency Indosat Ooredoo credit. Just after getting the confirmation, you’ll receive the emergency credit; Rp.2,000 which is valid for 24 hours.

Bear in mind, that you can only receive the emergency credit once per top-up. The emergency credit is not free, rather you will have to pay it back when you next top-up. To put it shotly, emergency credit system is like a loan.

For example, if you take emergency credit provided by Indosat Ooredoo, when you later reload, your balance will be deducted by the appropriate amount. In this instance, it will be Rp.2,000, and also an administrative fee or Rp.500. Therefore the total credit you buy, will be reduced by Rp.2,500. If you buy Rp.100,000 credit, then you will get Rp.97,500. This is because it has be reduced by the value of the emergency credit, plus the administrative fees.

Brief Information about Indosat Ooredoo

Indosat, or as it is often referred to; Indosat Ooredoo, must be familiar to your ears. You can rely on it as a provider of reliable communication services to mobile users. Indosat has been in the public eye since 2001. At the age of 16, this year, customers of the mobile operator have reached 68.5million.

Talking about Indosat Ooredoo means conversing about all the products provided by the company Full PT Indosat, Tbk. Currently, Indosat Ooredoo has two prepaid carrier products or services, as well as one post paid service provider. Mentari and IM3 are the prepaid operators, while Matrix is the postpaid one.

The change of name, from Indosat to Indosat Ooredoo, happened in 2013. This was preceded by the communication company, Qutel of Qatar, obtaining over 65% of company shares. As the majority holder, Qtel gained the right to rename the company as desired. Indosat Ooredoo’s name change wasn’t instant. While the name change happened in 2013, a new logo wasn’t published until November 2015.

With almost a quarter of the Indonesian population registered as Indosat Ooredoo users, and transmitter towers scattered throughout the archipelago, Indosat Ooredoo’s name spells success across Indonesia. There are variou supporting features which continue to be refined by the company, in the hopes of keeping its loyal users tied to the company. The company aims for user numbers to increase as they endlessly strive to increase their services.

Indosat Ooredoo is one of the few mobile operators in Indonesia, which have a 4G network. With this benchmark reached, the internet with Indosat Ooredoo has become faster and fun. The costs of phone calls, and various internet packages are always in consideration by people when choosing Indosat, this is because it is affordable, with a service that is well maintained.

Indosat Credit

Buying phone credit is no longer difficult and time consuming. You don’t have to depend on selling counter anymore since Traveloka now provides the service where you can top up your credit balance and buy data packages. There are various mobile operators available in Traveloka, including Indosat. Even better, you can get Indosat Ooredoo credit, including IM3 and Mentariat a highly competitive price typically cheaper than other places. As for the credit amount, there’s a wide range of options you can choose from as Traveloka offers credits from Rp25.00 to Rp1.000.000.




Share









Customer Service
0804-1500-308
About Traveloka
How to Book
Contact Us
Help Center
Careers
Installment
Others
Blog
Newsletter Subscription
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Register Your Hotel
Traveloka Press Room
Products
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data
Attractions & Activities
Download Traveloka App
Payment Partners
Follow us on
Copyright © 2017 Traveloka
?
Need help?
evtbvsrwfq