Garuda Indonesia Online Booking - Get Garuda Indonesia Promotion and Cheap Flight Tickets on Traveloka
warning
This site needs Javascript. Please activate Javascript to continue.
Promos
Retrieve Booking
IDR
My Account
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data Packages
Attractions & Activities
Flights
Flight + Hotel
Save More!
Search cheap and promo Garuda Indonesia flight tickets here!
1
Flight Destination
2
Date of Flight
3
Search Flights
From:
To:
Departure:
One-way
Return
Adult
Child
Infant
Seat Class:
Search Flights
Save up to 20% on Flight + Hotel Packages. Book now!
1
Flight Details
2
Hotel Details
Search Packages


Overview
Service & Facilities
Policies
Flight Routes
Profile










Get the best Garuda Indonesia promotion and deals from Traveloka. Register your email and enjoy up to 70% member-only discount!







Join







Garuda Indonesia: An Introduction
Garuda Indonesia
is the flag carrier of Indonesia and a member of the SkyTeam alliance. Flew for the first time in 1949, now Garuda Indonesia flies to 40 domestic and 36 international destinations. Previously known as Garuda Indonesian Airways, this airline offers three types of flight class, which are Economy Class, Business Class, and First Class. Thanks to its huge dedication to the aviation industry, Garuda Indonesia has been named World’s Best Regional Airline by Skytrax.



Overview

Garuda Indonesia Booking & E-ticket
Traveloka Airline Partners
Traveloka Official Payment Partners


Garuda Indonesia Booking & E-ticket

Search and book your Garuda Indonesia flight tickets online via Traveloka to get the best price and promotions.

How to Book
Here’s how you can book your Garuda Indonesia ticket online:

Go to
Traveloka website
or open your Traveloka App

Fill in the flight details in the search box

Choose and book your flight

Fill in contact information and passenger details

Complete your payment through the selected method

Receive your Garuda Indonesia e-ticket in
My Booking
or in your email




How to Pay
Payment for your Garuda Indonesia ticket can be made via bank transfer (ATM/SMS Banking/e-banking/bank teller), credit card, and Indomaret.

For complete information about payment methods, please visit
How to Pay
.



Garuda Indonesia E-ticket
Garuda Indonesia e-ticket is an eligible proof for booking an Garuda Indonesia flight. Show your e-ticket during check-in at the Garuda Indonesia counter at the airport, or use it for self check-in (at the airport or online), to get your boarding pass.

If you have not received your e-ticket within 60 minutes after payment is completed, please contact Traveloka Customer Service.


Traveloka Airline Partners - Domestic & International








Traveloka Official Payment Partners

























Service & Facilities

Garuda Indonesia Rating
Garuda Indonesia Seat Class
Garuda Indonesia Privilege Programs
Garuda Indonesia Fleet
Garuda Indonesia In-flight Crew


Garuda Indonesia Rating



based on
552 reviews

Service standard:
Full Service





Garuda Indonesia Seat Class


Economy Class


Garuda Indonesia’s Economy Class was named by Skytrax as World’s Best Economy Class in 2013, a result of the airline’s efforts in providing maximum comfort to its economy class passengers. As well as spacious legroom, the seats in Economy Class are equipped with in-flight entertainment and a reclining backrest. Particularly in Boeing 777-300ER aircraft, Economy Class passengers also get additional facilities such as footrest, USB port and power outlet in every seat.




In-flight Meal

Garuda Indonesia serves in-flight meals to passengers on flights longer than 60 minutes. In Economy Class, passengers get to enjoy a variety of Indonesian, Western, and Asian menu, paired with a wide selection of hot and cold drinks. For Economy Class passengers traveling on flights of 60 minutes or less, Garuda Indonesia will provide a selection of snacks and mineral water. However, passengers can still taste Garuda Indonesia’s main meal menu during the flight by pre-booking it at least 24 hours before their flight schedule.





Business Class


With a width of 21.2 inches (around 54 cm), Garuda Indonesia’s Business Class seats can be reclined to a fully flat 180-degree position to ensure passenger’s comfort. Every seat is equipped with a personal storage, a USB power outlet, and a 15-inch touchscreen LCD with innovative eX2 Panasonic in-flight entertainment system. There are 38 staggered seats in Garuda Indonesia’s Business Class with direct aisle access for each seat and a seat pitch of 43 inches (around 109 cm), so passengers can enjoy their flight with maximum privacy. Business Class passengers will also be provided with a hypoallergenic pillow in a cotton cover, comforting furtex-plush duvet, and a L’occitane amenity kit (for Business Class Asia – Oceania).




In-flight Meal

Garuda Indonesia has teamed up with qualified chefs from five-star establishments to serve the best in-flight cuisines for Garuda Indonesia’s Business Class passengers. Passengers will be offered a variety of snacks, light meals and main dining menus. On international flights, in-flight meal options will be synchronized with the destination route. Business Class passengers can also pre-book their meals during booking or at least 24 hours before their flight schedule.




First Class


Garuda Indonesia’s First Class service is available on Boeing 777-300ER aircraft. It offers eight luxurious private suites, each equipped with a sliding door to ensure the passenger’s privacy during the flight. With an 82-inch pitch (around 208 cm) and a 22-inch seat width (around 56 cm), every First Class seat can be reclined to a fully flat 180-degree position. For maximum comfort, Garuda Indonesia also provides a duvet, pillows, and an ottoman for its First Class passengers. Moreover, in-flight entertainment is provided by the 23.5-inch touchscreen LCD, complete with a remote control and a noise-cancelling headphone. First Class passengers receive special services even before boarding, from access to the airport lounge, priority baggage handling and immigration process, to a limousine service.




In-flight Meal

Served by professional chefs on board, Garuda Indonesia’s First Class offers various in-flight meals, ranging from Indonesian regional cuisines to Japanese Kaiseki and modern European delicacies with Middle Eastern edge, paired with a great selection of vintage wines, champagnes, sake, cocktails, liquors, fresh juices, mineral water, soft drinks, and premium teas and coffees from Indonesian plantations. Passengers with special meal request can contact Garuda Indonesia at least 24 hours before their flight schedule.






Garuda Indonesia Privilege Programs





GarudaMiles

To appreciate its loyal customers, Garuda Indonesia presents a frequent flyer program called GarudaMiles. GarudaMiles members earn miles when they fly with Garuda Indonesia or its SkyTeam partner airlines. The accumulated miles can be redeemed for flight tickets or for a flight upgrade. GarudaMiles members may also enjoy a wide variety of special benefits and exclusive privileges, such as special check-in counters at the airport, extra baggage allowance, priority baggage handling, priority waitlist on ticket reservation, and access to the Garuda Indonesia airport lounges. There are at least four membership tiers available, from GarudaMiles Blue, Silver and Gold, to Platinum.


Airport Lounge

Business Class and First Class passengers, as well as GarudaMiles members, can gain access to the Garuda Indonesia airport lounges. Different lounges serve different flight classes, but all offer various facilities to pamper passengers before they continue their journey. Passengers can expect to find a great selection of Indonesian regional cuisines, reflexology services, showers, lactation rooms, and entertainment facilities, such as television, books, newspapers, magazines, and even a fast WiFi connection.








SkyPriority

As a member of the SkyTeam alliance, Garuda Indonesia offers a SkyPriority program to all its partners’ passengers through a red carpet treatment that includes priority check-in areas, baggage drop off, and boarding. This service is offered to Elite Plus, First, and Business Class passengers. SkyTeam’s SkyPriority program first launched on 1 March 2012, when it was introduced at Taipei Taoyuan International Airport. Today, SkyPriority is available at more than 700 airports around the globe.


Garuda Indonesia Fleet



Boeing 777-300ER


Seat class:

Economy

Business

First


Seat layout:

3-3-3 (Economy)

1-2-1 (Business)

1-2-1 (First)


Seat pitch:

32 inches (Economy)

73 inches (Business)

82 inches (First)


In-flight entertainment:
Available

WiFi:
Available

Power/USB port:
Available





Airbus A330-300


Seat class:

Economy

Business


Seat layout:

2-4-2 (Economy)

2-2 (Business)


Seat pitch:

33 inches (Economy)

60 inches (Business)


In-flight entertainment:
Available

WiFi:
Available

Power/USB port:
Available





CRJ 1000 Nexgen


Seat class:

Economy

Business


Seat layout:

2-2 (Economy)

2-2 (Business)


Seat pitch:

30 inches (Economy)

32 inches (Business)


In-flight entertainment:
Not Available

WiFi:
Not Available

Power/USB port:
Not Available




Garuda Indonesia In-flight Crew





Garuda Indonesia Flight Attendant Uniform

Garuda Indonesia’s flight attendants wear a kebaya top and a batik bottom in four different colours: orange, green, blue and purple. Each color represents the flight attendant’s career level. Junior flight attendants wear orange and green uniforms, while senior flight attendants wear purple and blue. This uniform may seem quite simple, but it contributes to the elegance of the cabin crew, while representing the diverse cultures of Indonesia.



Policies

Garuda Indonesia Baggage Allowance
Garuda Indonesia Passenger Policy
Garuda Indonesia Check-in Policy
Garuda Indonesia Refund Policy
Garuda Indonesia Reschedule Policy


Garuda Indonesia Baggage Allowance




Flight Route
Seat Class
Cabin Baggage
Check-in Baggage




All routes

Economy Class

Max. 7 kg 
(Dimension: 56 x 36 x 23 cm)

Max. 20 kg

Business Class

Max. 30 kg

First Class

Max. 40 kg
Flights to/from Japan

Economy Class

Max. 46 kg

Business Class

Max. 64 kg

First Class

Flight to/from America

Economy Class

2 pcs (max. 23 kg/pc)
(Dimension: max. 158 cm)

Business Class

2 pcs (max. 32 kg/pc)
(Dimension: max. 158 cm)



Garuda Indonesia Passenger Policy


Infant Passenger Policy (0-2 Years Old)


Infants younger than 7 days old are not recommended to travel with Garuda Indonesia.

Premature infants may be allowed onboard as long as the parent has completed and submit the Medical Information Form (MEDIF) to Garuda Indonesia.

Infants must be accompanied by an adult passenger to nurse them on their laps. The companion must be on the same flight, same class, and same destination with the infant.

Infants are allowed to use a baby bassinet provided by Garuda Indonesia onboard. However, the accompanying adult passenger must hold the infant on the lap during take off, landing, or during turbulence.

Garuda Indonesia’s cabin crew will assist the passenger to install a special seatbelt on the infant.

Most airport authorities (airport security, immigration, etc.) allow passengers to bring their infant’s formula onboard as long as it’s in the proper amount. Passenger must show the formula to the security officer during security check.

Passengers are not allowed to carry baby stroller onboard. Baby strollers must be put in the plane’s compartment as checked baggage. However, passengers can still use their baby stroller to the boarding gate.





Child Passenger Policy (2-12 Years Old)


Children younger than 7 years old are not permitted to travel alone and must be accompanied by the parent or a guardian.

Children aged 7 to 12 years are permitted to travel alone, except for the flights that require transit.

Children aged 7 to 12 years traveling alone are classified as Unaccompanied Minors (UM).

Parents or guardians must submit all documents needed for the child’s flight, such as travel document, passport, medical certificate, visa, etc. at check-in.

Garuda Indonesia’s ground crew will accompany UM passenger through immigration, security control, and to the boarding gate.

After the plan lands, Garuda Indonesia’s cabin crew will hand over the UM passenger to the ground crew, who will escort them through the arrival process until they meet with the person appointed to pick them up at the airport.





Pregnant Passenger Policy


Pregnant passengers are required to inform the airline about their condition.

Passengers within their 32 weeks of pregnancy must complete a statement letter (FOI) from Garuda Indonesia.

Passengers within their 32 to 36 weeks of pregnancy are required to obtain a permission from the doctor in Garuda Sentra Media (GSM) if there is complication in their pregnancy. The permission must consist of Medical Information Form (MEDIF) Part 1, and 2, as well as the FOI.

Passengers beyond their 36 weeks of pregnancy are not recommended to travel with Garuda Indonesia.





Disabled Passenger Policy


For safety reasons, passengers may need to obtain approval from Garuda Indonesia if they need to use electrical/electronic medical equipment on board by informing Garuda Indonesia crew prior to the flight.

Garuda Indonesia may require passengers to turn their medical equipment off if it is suspected to cause interference to the aircraft systems.

Passengers with special needs should be familiar with their own medical equipment and are required to know how to operate them as Garuda Indonesia’s cabin crew are not trained to operate them.

During booking, passengers are required to inform the airline if they will carry medical equipments onboard.

Passengers may also need Medical Clearance issued by Garuda Sentra Medika, containing health statement from the appointed doctor or flight surgeon.



Garuda Indonesia Check-in Policy


Garuda Indonesia Check-in Time

Please find the check-in time for all Garuda Indonesia flights on the table below. Check-in time may vary if your flight is operated by a partner airline. Please check your e-ticket to ensure.



Flight Route

Recommended Check-in Time

Check-in Time Limit




Domestic

1 hour before departure

45 minutes before departure
International

2 hours before departure

1 hour before departure





Garuda Indonesia Online Check-in

Online check-in is also available for Garuda Indonesia flights. Please follow the steps below.

Go to
Garuda Indonesia web check-in page

Enter your booking code, or other booking details, as instructed

Complete your check-in details

Save and/or print your boarding pass




Garuda Indonesia Refund Policy

In general, refunds are permitted for personal reasons (self-cancellation, sickness, pregnancy, or death of a passenger), cancellation/rescheduling by the airline, force majeure, or double booking. However, different airlines have different policies regarding acceptable refund reasons. Please visit
Garuda Indonesia Refund Policy
for a complete information on refund.
How to Refund




Garuda Indonesia Reschedule Policy

You can easily change your flight schedule and itinerary using Easy Reschedule. Some airlines allow changes to date, time, route, and airline, while some only allow changes to date and time. 

Please refer to
Garuda Indonesia Reschedule Terms & Conditions
to find the complete guide to rescheduling your flight. If your flight is not eligible for Easy Reschedule, please contact Garuda Indonesia directly to reschedule.
How to Reschedule




Flight Routes

Garuda Indonesia Schedule
Garuda Indonesia Destinations
Garuda Indonesia Popular Routes
Popular Hotels



Garuda Indonesia Destinations



Java


Bandung

Jakarta

Malang

Semarang

Solo

Surabaya

Yogyakarta




Sumatra


Banda Aceh

Bandar Lampung

Batam

Jambi

Medan

Padang

Palembang

Bangka / Pangkal Pinang

Pekanbaru




Borneo


Balikpapan

Banjarmasin

Palangkaraya

Pontianak




Sulawesi


Kendari

Makassar

Manado

Palu

Muna / Raha




Bali & Lesser Sunda Is.


Bali / Denpasar

Kupang

Lombok




Moluccas & Papua


Ambon

Jayapura




Australia


Melbourne

Perth

Sydney




Brunei


Bandar Seri Begawan




Cambodia


Phnom Penh




China


Beijing

Guangzhou

Shanghai

Fuzhou

Xiamen

Chengdu




Hong Kong


Hong Kong




Japan


Nagoya

Osaka

Tokyo

Tokyo

Sapporo

Takamatsu

Fukuoka

Komatsu

Sendai

Osaka




Malaysia


Kuala Lumpur




Myanmar


Yangon

Nay Pyi Taw




Philippines


Manila




Singapore


Singapore




South Korea


Seoul




Taiwan


Taipei




Thailand


Bangkok

Chiang Mai

Krabi

Phuket

Ko Samui

Udon Thani

Chiang Rai

Lampang




Vietnam


Ho Chi Minh City




Saudi Arabia


Jeddah




India


New Delhi

Mumbai

Chennai




United Arab Emirates


Abu Dhabi




Germany


Frankfurt




Netherlands


Amsterdam




France


Paris




United Kingdom


London




Laos


Luang Prabang

Vientiane



Garuda Indonesia Popular Routes

Jakarta – Denpasar Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Surabaya Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Singapore Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Malang Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Yogyakarta Flight Tickets
Yogyakarta – Singapore Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Medan Flight Tickets
Surabaya – Jakarta Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Lombok Flight Tickets
Popular Hotels

Hotels in Jakarta
Hotels in Bali
Hotels in Yogyakarta
Hotels in Malang
Hotels in Bandung
Hotels in Singapore
Hotels in Bogor
Hotels in Surabaya
Hotels in Semarang



Profile

About Garuda Indonesia
Garuda Indonesia History
Contact Garuda Indonesia

About Garuda Indonesia


Garuda Indonesia (IATA code: GA)
is a national airline headquartered in Jakarta, Indonesia. The name “Garuda” was inspired by Lord Vishnu’s eponymous bird in the Hindu epic, Mahabharata. The name was chosen because “Garuda” is associated with toughness.

Garuda Indonesia operates from its main hubs in Kualanamu International Airport (Deli Serdang), Sultan Hasanuddin International Airport (Makassar), Ngurah Rai International Airport (Denpasar), and Soekarno-Hatta International Airport (Jakarta). Garuda Indonesia also owns three subsidiaries: low cost airline Citilink, hospitality company Aerowisata, and GMF AeroAsia, which specializes in aircraft maintenance, repair and overhaul.

Flying for the first time in 1949, Garuda Indonesia has earned recognitions in international aviation industry. In 2017, Garuda Indonesia received five outstanding awards, which include Brand Used More Often and The Highest Top of Minds Brand in the Air Transportation category from Prestige Brand Awards; Customer Loyalty Award in Airline category from The Net Promoter Score (NPS) Leader; winner of Indonesia Most Innovative Business Award 2017; and PR Indonesia Awards 2017 for the subcategory of BUMN Tbk in the Media Relations category. However, the most prized of all would have to be World’s Best Regional Airline from Skytrax.

In operating its services, Garuda Indonesia offers three types of flight class: Economy Class, Business Class and First Class. In 2013, the Economy Class was named by Skytrax as World’s Best Economy Class. As well as a spacious legroom, the Economy Class seats are equipped with in-flight entertainment and a reclining backrest. Economy Class passengers in Boeing 777-300ER also get additional facilities, such as footrest, USB port, and power outlet in every seat.

Meanwhile, Garuda Indonesia’s 21.2-inch-wide Business Class seats can be reclined to a fully flat 180-degree position to ensure passengers’ comfort. Every seat is equipped with a personal storage, a USB power outlet, and a 15-inch touchscreen LCD with innovative eX2 Panasonic in-flight entertainment system. There are 38 staggered seats in Garuda Indonesia’s Business Class, with direct aisle access for each seat and a 43-inch (around 109 cm) seat pitch, so passengers can enjoy their flight with maximum privacy. Business Class passengers are also be provided with a hypoallergenic pillow in a cotton cover, comforting furtex-plush duvet, and a L’occitane amenity kit.

In First Class, eight luxurious private suites are available on Boeing 777-300ER aircraft, equipped with a sliding door that ensures the passenger’s privacy during the flight. With an 82-inch seat pitch (around 208 cm) and a 22-inch seat width (around 56 cm), every First Class seat can be reclined to fully flat 180-degree position. For maximum comfort, Garuda Indonesia also provides a duvet, pillows, and an ottoman for its First Class passengers. Moreover, in-flight entertainment is delivered by the 23.5-inch touchscreen LCD, equipped with a remote control and a noise-cancelling headphone.

To appreciate its loyal customers, Garuda Indonesia presents a frequent flyer program called GarudaMiles. GarudaMiles members will earn miles when they fly with Garuda Indonesia or its SkyTeam partner airlines. The accumulated miles can be redeemed for flight tickets or for a flight upgrade. GarudaMiles members may also enjoy a wide variety of special benefits and exclusive privileges, such as special check-in counters at the airport, extra baggage allowance, priority baggage handling, priority waitlist on ticket reservation, and access to the Garuda Indonesia airport lounges. 

Garuda Indonesia was the first Indonesian airline to join SkyTeam, a global airlines alliance, enabling it to offer SkyPriority programs to all of its partners’ passengers through a red carpet treatment that includes priority check-in areas, baggage drop off, and boarding. This service is offered to Elite Plus, First, and Business Class passengers.

Each Garuda Indonesia passenger is entitled to such facilities as checked baggage, cabin baggage, and free baggage allowance for passengers traveling together. Passengers can bring two items as their cabin baggage, which must not be bigger than 56 cm x 36 cm x 23 cm or weigh more than 7 kg. Moreover, Economy Class passengers get a 20 kg baggage allowance, while Business and First Class passengers get a 30 kg and 40 kg baggage allowance respectively. Checked baggage must be presented during the check-in process. 

Garuda Indonesia advises its passengers to check-in at the airport at least one hour before their domestic flight departure and two hours before their international flight. Aside from checking in at the airport counter, there are five other check-in options passengers can choose from, which are city check-in, internet check-in, phone check-in, mobile check-in, and kiosk check-in. The city check-in service is available at the Garuda Indonesia Sales Office, from 48 until four hours before departure. Meanwhile, the internet check-in feature can be accessed via the Garuda Indonesia website and is available from 24 until four hours before departure time. Passengers can also check-in via Garuda Indonesia’s call center, or check-in with their mobile phones via the Garuda Indonesia mobile app. Kiosk check-in is only available at Terminal 3 Soekarno-Hatta International Airport from four until one hour before departure.


Garuda Indonesia History


Garuda Indonesia was established in 1947 under the name Garuda Indonesian Airways, but did not start operating until 1949. At that time, Garuda Indonesian Airways employed a DC-3 Dakota aircraft to operate flights from Calcutta to Rangoon. In the same year, the airline flew from Jakarta to Yogyakarta to pick up President Soekarno. In the 1980s, the airline established a dedicated training facility in West Jakarta with the name Garuda Indonesia Training Center.

In 1985, under the leadership of CEO Reyn Altin Johannes Lumenta, Garuda Indonesia made the controversial decision to hire foreign brand consultant Landor Associates to rebrand the airline. People thought that the project was too expensive and unnecessary at the time, however, this move was applauded later on as it became vital for Garuda Indonesia’s reputation and corporate identity as the national airline. Under Lumenta’s leadership, Garuda Indonesia also increased its number of flight frequencies and destinations.

Unfortunately, in June 2007, the European Union (EU) banned Garuda Indonesia, along with some other Indonesian airlines, from flying into any European countries. EU promised to review its ban and sent a team of experts, led by the European Commission Air Safety Administrator Federico Grandini, to Indonesia to consider lifting the ban. In November 2007, Garuda Indonesia announced its intention to fly to Amsterdam from Jakarta and Denpasar if the EU lifted its ban. EU stated that the safety reforms undertaken by Garuda Indonesia were a step in the right direction. Finally, in 2009, EU lifted the ban, which encouraged Garuda Indonesia to revisit its plan to establish services to Amsterdam and other European destinations. 

In 2011, Garuda Indonesia officially became a public company, listed on the Indonesian Stock Exchange. As of December 2013, 69.14% of Garuda Indonesia’s shares was owned by the Government of Indonesia, 0.4% by its employees, 24.34% by domestic investors, and 6.12% by international investors. To support its operations, Garuda Indonesia established five subsidiaries which offer products/services that would support the parent company’s business. The subsidiaries were PT Abacus Distribution Systems Indonesia, PT Aero Travel, PT Garuda Maintenance Facility Aero Asia, PT Aero System Indonesia, and PT Cilitink Indonesia.

On 5 March 2014, Garuda Indonesia officially joined SkyTeam as part of its international network expansion program. In doing so, Garuda Indonesia became the first Indonesian airline to join this global alliance. By being a member of SkyTeam, Garuda Indonesia has been able to allow its passengers to fly to 1,064 destinations in 178 countries with SkyTeam member airlines, which serve more than 15,700 flights per day and have 564 lounges worldwide.

In operating its flight service, Garuda Indonesia utilizes 132 fleets, consisting of two Boeing 747-400 aircraft, 11 Airbus A330-300 aircraft, 11 Airbus A330-200 aircraft, five Boeing 737 Classic aircraft, 76 Boeing 737-800NG aircraft, 15 CRJ1000 NextGen aircraft, eight ATR72-600 aircraft, and six Boeing 777-300ER aircraft. Each aircraft has been standardized, from Boeing B737-800NG and Bombardier CRJ1000 NextGen for short and regional flights, to Airbus A330-200 and 300 for secondary medium-range flight routes.
Today, Garuda Indonesia flies to 64 selected destinations, comprising 44 Indonesian cities and 20 global cities. Additionally, Garuda Indonesia has signed codeshare agreements with 14 international airlines. Garuda Indonesia has been a listed IATA Operational Safety Audit (IOSA) operator since 2008 for having applied safety and security standards equivalent to those of other international IATA members.




Contact Garuda Indonesia


(+6221) 23519999




Garuda Indonesia Office


Garuda Indonesia


Garuda Indonesia 
Jl. M1, Area Perkantoran Gedung Garuda City Center
Soekarno-Hatta International Airport
Cengkareng 19120 - Indonesia
PO BOX 1004



Share














Register your email and enjoy up to 70% member-only discount!





Join




Customer Service
0804-1500-308
About Traveloka
How to Book
Contact Us
Help Center
Careers
Installment
Others
Blog
Newsletter Subscription
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Register Your Hotel
Traveloka Press Room
Products
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data
Attractions & Activities
Download Traveloka App
Payment Partners
Follow us on
Copyright © 2017 Traveloka
?
Need help?
evtbvsrwfq