Thai Lion Online Booking - Get Thai Lion Promotion and Cheap Flight Tickets on Traveloka
warning
This site needs Javascript. Please activate Javascript to continue.
Promos
Retrieve Booking
IDR
My Account
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data Packages
Attractions & Activities
Search cheap and promo Thai Lion flight tickets here!
Flight Destination
From:
To:
Date of Flight
Departure:

One-way
Return
Return:

Search Flights
No. of Passengers:
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
0
1
2
3
4
Seat Class:
Economy
Search Flights
<div id="smartCari">Search +</div> Auto-search


Overview
Service & Facilities
Policies
Flight Routes
Profile










Get the best Thai Lion Air promotion and deals from Traveloka. Register your email and enjoy up to 70% member-only discount!







Join







Thai Lion Air: An Introduction
Thai Lion Air
is a low-cost carrier (LCC) from Thailand, founded in association with the Indonesian airline company Lion Air. Choosing Bangkok’s legendary Don Muang Airport as its hub, Thai Lion Air offers more than 20 routes to destinations in 10 airports and counting across seven Asian countries. Thai Lion Air aims to make flying Economy a worthwhile, enjoyable experience for its passengers.



Overview

Thai Lion Air Booking & E-ticket
Traveloka Airline Partners
Traveloka Official Payment Partners


Thai Lion Air Booking & E-ticket

Search and book your Thai Lion Air flight tickets online via Traveloka to get the best price and promotions.

How to Book
Here’s how you can book your Thai Lion Air ticket online:

Go to
Traveloka website
or open your Traveloka App

Fill in the flight details in the search box

Choose and book your flight

Fill in contact information and passenger details

Complete your payment through the selected method

Receive your Thai Lion Air e-ticket in
My Booking
or in your email




How to Pay
Payment for your Thai Lion Air ticket can be made via bank transfer (ATM/SMS Banking/e-banking/bank teller), credit card, and Indomaret.
For complete information about payment methods, please visit
How to Pay
.



Thai Lion Air E-ticket
Thai Lion Air e-ticket is an eligible proof for booking an Thai Lion Air flight. Show your e-ticket during check-in at the Thai Lion Air counter at the airport, or use it for self check-in (at the airport or online), to get your boarding pass.

If you have not received your e-ticket within 60 minutes after payment is completed, please contact Traveloka Customer Service.


Traveloka Airline Partners - Domestic & International








Traveloka Official Payment Partners

























Service & Facilities

Thai Lion Air Rating
Thai Lion Air Seat Class
Thai Lion Air Privilege Programs
Thai Lion Air Fleet
Thai Lion Air In-flight Crew


Thai Lion Air Rating



based on
24 reviews

Service standard:
Full LCC





Thai Lion Air Seat Class


Economy Class


Thai Lion Air exclusively provides its service in Economy. Comfort on board is ensured by providing all passengers with spacious legroom and leather-lined seats that recline up to 74 cm — or 29 inches — on its Boeing 737-900ER, and 79 cm — or 31 inches — on its Boeing 737-800 aircraft. Thai Lion Air’s aircraft are all-new and purchased straight from the Boeing headquarter.




In-flight Meal

Thai Lion Air offers an add-on in-flight meal that can be purchased to satisfy every passenger’s appetite. Its in-flight catering stays true to the rich culinary heritage of Asia, using rice as the staple with mouthwatering main dish options: Teriyaki Chicken, Chicken with Garlic and Pepper, Shrimp with Tamarind Sauce, as well as Mixed Riceberry and Green Curry Chicken. Passenger’s would need to contact the airline at least 48 hours before departure to place their order.






Thai Lion Air Privilege Programs





Lion Fast

Lion Fast allows Thai Lion Air passengers to save their valuable time and fly more conveniently. With Lion Fast’s many perks, passengers may choose their own flight seats (between row 6 to 9), queue in their own row at the check-in counter, board the flight earlier than other passengers, and receive priority baggage handling at their arrival airport. Lion Fast passengers may also use the VIP pickup service to reach the airport from their place of stay.


Boarding Pass Privilege

Thai Lion Air partners with many well-known brands to provide extra benefits for their passengers—both who travel for business and leisure. Passengers should simply show their Thai Lion Air boarding pass to receive special prices and service at various hotels, restaurants, and shopping centers across Thailand. The benefits include a 30% off stay at Apartment Thonglor, a 60 Baht discount for a seafood buffet meal at Laemgate Infinite, a 15% discount at I Spa Wellness Club, and special rates for health service at the Vibhavadi Hospital.








Airport Lounge

All Thai Lion Air’s passengers are granted access to the Coral Executive Lounges at Don Muang International Airport. While waiting for their flight to board, passengers may take a moment to rest, connect to the free WiFi, or dine at the lounges’ 24-hour cafés. Lounges for domestic and international travelers are separate.


Travel Insurance

Thai Lion Air’s travel insurance service is designed to ensure worry-free travel for its passengers. The insurance coverages include protection from loss of luggage or travel documents, check-in, and flight delay, to missed flight connections. The insurance also covers emergency medical treatment, medical evacuation, and child guardianship during the journey.





Thai Lion Air Fleet



Boeing 737-800NG


Seat class:

Economy


Seat layout:

3-3 (Economy)


Seat pitch:

31 inches (Economy)


In-flight entertainment:
Not Available

WiFi:
Not Available

Power/USB port:
Not Available





Boeing 737-900ER


Seat class:

Economy


Seat layout:

3-3 (Economy)


Seat pitch:

29 inches (Economy)


In-flight entertainment:
Not Available

WiFi:
Not Available

Power/USB port:
Not Available






Thai Lion Air In-flight Crew





Thai Lion Air Flight Attendant Uniform

Thai Lion Air flight attendants wear a uniform that matches the style and color of other flight attendant uniforms from the Lion Group. The uniform is dark red with shades of purple. The uniform’s pattern is inspired by batik, a traditional textile-making method from Indonesia. The design of female flight attendant uniform consists of a short-sleeved blouse and an ankle-length skirt, with a slit on the left side to ease their movements onboard.



Policies

Thai Lion Air Baggage Allowance
Thai Lion Air Passenger Policy
Thai Lion Air Check-in Policy
Thai Lion Air Refund Policy
Thai Lion Air Reschedule Policy


Thai Lion Air Baggage Allowance




Flight Route
Seat Class
Cabin Baggage
Check-in Baggage




Domestic

Economy Class

Max. 7 kg 
(Dimension: 40 x 30 x 20 cm)

Max. 15 kg
International

Max. 20 kg



Thai Lion Air Passenger Policy


Infant Passenger Policy (0-2 Years Old)


Infants under 8 days old are not allowed on board.

Infant passengers may be required to present an identification document, such as a birth certificate.

Infant passengers with the age of 8 days to 24 months will be charged a special fee.

Infant passengers may sit with their parents or guardians.

Baby carriage and baby seat are not allowed to be carried into the cabin, and must be loaded as a checked baggage.





Child Passenger Policy (2-12 Years Old)


Child passengers are required to present a birth certificate as their identification document.

Child passengers under 8 years old are not allowed to fly by themselves. Child passengers under 8 years old are allowed on board only if they are accompanied by adult passengers aged at least 18 years old.

Child passengers aged 8 to 12 years old are allowed to travel alone, but must be accompanied by an airline staff.

Child passengers from 12 to 16 years old can travel unescorted by the staff.





Pregnant Passenger Policy


Pregnant passengers must inform airline staff at the airport on their pregnancy age and present a pre-natal care document during booking and check-in at the counter.

Passengers with 28 weeks of pregnancy are allowed on board without a doctor's certificate. However, the passengers must sign the Release and Indemnity form.

Passengers with 28 to 35 weeks of pregnancy must sign the Release and Indemnity form, and present a doctor’s certificate stating that the passengers are fit and able to travel. The certificate must be issued within seven days before the flight’s departure date.

Passengers with above 35 weeks of pregnancy are not allowed on board.





Disabled Passenger Policy


Passengers with disability must present a valid doctor’s certificate issued within seven days before the date of departure, confirming that the passenger is fit and able to travel.

Passengers with disability must notify of the airline of their condition during booking and at the check-in counter to receive special assistance.

For the safety of other passengers, the airline has the right to refuse passengers suffering from a dangerous and contagious disease.

Passengers who have to take their medication, use a syringe, or be attended to on board for other medical needs should fly with a medical assistant. Their medical regime must be communicated to the airline at least 48 hours before the flight.

Disabled passengers must fly with a companion if they are unable to evacuate alone in case of emergency, or have difficulty in understanding safety instructions.

Thai Lion Air may refuse or discharge passengers in any landing point if the passengers’ mental and physical condition makes it impossible for them to travel without any companion. With the presence of a companion, the passengers will not be needing special treatment and service from the staff.

Thai Lion Air may refuse passengers who must travel on a stretcher.

Thai Lion Air allows medical equipment such as a wheelchair or other disability assistive devices only if those equipment are consistent with the safety requirements.

Medical equipment needed by passengers with disability will be considered as priority checked baggage.



Thai Lion Air Check-in Policy


Thai Lion Air Check-in Time

Please find the check-in time for all Thai Lion Air flights on the table below. Check-in time may vary if your flight is operated by a partner airline. Please check your e-ticket to ensure.



Flight Route

Recommended Check-in Time

Check-in Time Limit




All Routes

1 hour before departures

45 minutes before departure





Thai Lion Air Online Check-in

Online check-in is also available for Thai Lion Air flights. Please follow the steps below.

Go to
Thai Lion Air web check-in page

Enter your booking code, or other booking details, as instructed

Complete your check-in details

Save and/or print your boarding pass




Thai Lion Air Refund Policy

In general, refunds are permitted for personal reasons (self-cancellation, sickness, pregnancy, or death of a passenger), cancellation/rescheduling by the airline, force majeure, or double booking. However, different airlines have different policies regarding acceptable refund reasons. Please visit
Thai Lion Air Refund Policy
for a complete information on refund.
How to Refund




Thai Lion Air Reschedule Policy

You can easily change your flight schedule and itinerary using Easy Reschedule. Some airlines allow changes to date, time, route, and airline, while some only allow changes to date and time. 

Please refer to
Thai Lion Air Reschedule Terms & Conditions
to find the complete guide to rescheduling your flight. If your flight is not eligible for Easy Reschedule, please contact Thai Lion Air directly to reschedule.
How to Reschedule




Flight Routes

Thai Lion Air Schedule
Thai Lion Air Destinations
Thai Lion Air Popular Routes
Popular Hotels



Thai Lion Air Destinations



Java


Bandung

Banyuwangi

Jakarta

Jakarta

Malang

Semarang

Solo

Surabaya

Yogyakarta

Jember




Sumatra


Banda Aceh

Bandar Lampung

Batam

Bengkulu

Gunung Sitoli

Jambi

Lhokseumawe

Medan

Meulaboh

Natuna

Padang

Palembang

Bangka / Pangkal Pinang

Pekanbaru

Sibolga

Silangit

Belitung / Tanjung Pandan

Bintan / Tanjung Pinang

Lubuk Linggau

Sabang

Dumai

Simeulue




Borneo


Balikpapan

Banjarmasin

Berau

Ketapang

Kotabaru

Palangkaraya

Pangkalan Bun

Pontianak

Putussibau

Sampit

Sintang

Tanjung Selor

Tarakan




Sulawesi


Bau-Bau, Buton

Gorontalo

Kendari

Luwuk

Makassar

Mamuju

Manado

Naha

Palu

Pomala

Poso

Talaud

Wakatobi

Tolitoli

Muna / Raha

Buol

Selayar




Bali & Lesser Sunda Is.


Alor

Bima

Bali / Denpasar

Ende

Kupang

Labuan Bajo

Lombok

Maumere

Sumbawa Besar

Waikabubak

Waingapu

Atambua

Bajawa

Larantuka




Moluccas & Papua


Ambon

Biak

Buli, Maba

Fak Fak

Jayapura

Kaimana

Langgur-Kei

Manokwari

Merauke

Nabire

Sorong

Ternate

Timika

Tobelo

Wamena

Morotai Island

Galela

Saumlaki




Australia


Perth




China


Shanghai

Shenzhen

Changsa




Hong Kong


Hong Kong




Malaysia


Johor Bahru

Kuching

Kuala Lumpur

Kuala Lumpur-Subang

Kota Kinabalu

Langkawi

Malacca

Penang

Alor Setar

Ipoh

Kerteh

Kota Bharu

Kuala Terengganu

Miri

Tawau




Myanmar


Yangon




Singapore


Singapore




Taiwan


Taipei




Thailand


Bangkok

Chiang Mai

Hat Yai

Krabi

Phuket

Surat Thani

Udon Thani

Chiang Rai

Ubon Ratchathani




Vietnam


Hanoi

Ho Chi Minh City




Saudi Arabia


Jeddah




India


Kochi

New Delhi

Mumbai

Tiruchirappalli (Trichy)

Visakhapatnam (Vizag)

Chennai




Bangladesh


Chittagong

Dhaka




Nepal


Kathmandu




Sri Lanka


Colombo



Thai Lion Air Popular Routes

Jakarta – Denpasar Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Surabaya Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Singapore Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Malang Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Yogyakarta Flight Tickets
Yogyakarta – Singapore Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Medan Flight Tickets
Surabaya – Jakarta Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Lombok Flight Tickets
Popular Hotels

Hotels in Jakarta
Hotels in Bali
Hotels in Yogyakarta
Hotels in Malang
Hotels in Bandung
Hotels in Singapore
Hotels in Bogor
Hotels in Surabaya
Hotels in Semarang



Profile

About Thai Lion Air
Thai Lion Air History
Contact Thai Lion Air

About Thai Lion Air


Thai Lion Air (IATA code: SL)
was established by the partnership between an Indonesian-based airline company, Lion Air, and its Thai affiliates. It began its operation as a low-cost airline on 4 December 2013, and since then has served more than 20 routes from and to 10 airports across Asia. Thai Lion Air’s headquarter is located on the Vibhavadi Rangsit St., Sanam Bin, in the district of Don Muang, Bangkok. It uses the Don Muang Airport as its main hub. 

During the company’s three-year operation, Thai Lion Air has been able to record a fast-growing business. This company has been registered in IATA Operational Safety Audit (IOSA), the applicable safety standards for an international airline company. Its promising performance relates highly to the earlier success of its parent company, Lion Air. 

With its "Freedom to Fly" slogan, Thai Lion Air enables passengers of all backgrounds to fly to various locations at affordable fares. Despite flying Economy with a low-cost carrier, passengers may still have an enjoyable flight experience. Thai Lion Air does not offer in-flight entertainment, but passengers can buy souvenirs and merchandise from the attendants on board. Several merchandises offered by the airline are caps, Lion Air dolls and stuffed figures, warm blankets, and neck pillows to support the passengers’ comfort.

Aside from its basic passenger service, Thai Lion Air also offers their own privilege programs: such as Lion Fast and Boarding Pass Privilege. Lion Fast is meant for passengers who would like to get priority access to check-in, seat preferences, and baggage handling. 

Meanwhile, Thai Lion Air’s Boarding Pass Privilege is the result of a partnership between the airline and various Thai-based commercial services. This program allows passengers to get discounts or special treatments at numerous places of stay, restaurants, tourist and shopping centers, and even hospitals, only by showing their Thai Lion Air boarding pass.

Thai Lion Air provides it passengers with a cabin baggage allowance of one item, weighing no more than 7 kg with a maximum dimension of 40 cm x 30 cm x 20 cm. Domestic flight passengers will get a checked baggage allowance of 15 kg. Meanwhile, for international flights, passengers will receive a free baggage allowance of 20 kg.

As with the common airline rule, Thai Lion Air passengers are expected to arrive at the airport on time for check-in and then enter the departure gate according to their flight schedule. Late passengers may be denied boarding, and refund on such basis would not be applicable. After checking in, passengers must present themselves at the departure gate at the latest 30 minutes before the departure time. Passengers who do not manage to enter the gate in time will not be permitted to board the flight.


Thai Lion Air History


Thai Lion Air’s history cannot be separated from the genesis of its parent company, Lion Air. Indonesian-based Lion Air is considered the biggest private airline in its home country, in terms of the routes it serves and the number of its passengers per year. Trading under the name of Lion Mentari Group Ltd., it is also the second biggest low-cost carrier in Southeast Asia after AirAsia, and the second biggest Indonesian airline after Garuda Indonesia. 

In 2004, only a few years after its birth, Lion Air received the Best Brand Award from prominent Indonesian marketing magazine SWA. This award was given based on a survey of 6,000 respondents from five big cities across the country, as conducted by survey company MARS. According to the survey, Lion Air gained 33.6% votes when it comes to customer satisfaction. It gained the highest score index among other airlines on the subject.

Transforming into one of the biggest players in Indonesia’s airline industry, Lion Air intended to serve more customers and expand its service area. It began to seriously examine prospects of subsidiaries in countries outside Indonesia. It took only six months for Lion Air and its Thai partners to close the agreement to found Thai Lion Air. Thai Lion Air debuted not long after Malindo Air, Lion Air’s Malaysia-based subsidiary company, began its operation in March 2013.

Thai Lion Air operated its first flight from Don Muang International Airport in Bangkok to Chiang Mai Airport. Right on the next day, Thai Lion opened new flights from and to other domestic airports in Thailand. Less than a week later, on 10 December 2013, Thai Lion Air signed a partnership agreement with Malindo to provide and facilitate flights from Bangkok to Kuala Lumpur and Kuala Lumpur to Bangkok, as well as to establish other international routes from both Bangkok and Kuala Lumpur. 
During its early days, Thai Lion Air only served one domestic flight and two international flights every day. 

International routes were operated from Bangkok to Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, and Jakarta, Indonesia. Meanwhile, its domestic flight was operated from the Don Mueang International Airport to Chiang Mai, the second biggest airport in Thailand serving both domestic and international routes. Not long after, Thai Lion Air added a second hub at Hat Yai International Airport. As a result, Thai Lion Air managed to serve five routes on domestic flights, using Don Muang International Airport as the main hub, Hat Yai International Airport as the second hub, and Chiang Mai International Airport, Hua Hin Airport, and Surat Thani Airport as its destinations.

For its international flights, Thai Lion Air provided five routes to two countries. Three of them are operated to Indonesia through Soekarno-Hatta Airport, Jakarta, Kuala Namu International Airport, Medan, and Ngurah Rai International Airport, Bali. Two other international flights were operated to Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, more specifically to the Kuala Lumpur International Airport and Sultan Abdul Aziz Airport. 

In 2015, Thai Lion Air added more fleets to reach other areas around the globe. From a mere 10 routes in the past, Thai Lion Air now serves 22 flight routes for a domestic trip among other airports in Thailand, as well as international flights to several countries across Asia and Southeast Asia.

For domestic flights from Don Muang International Airport, Thai Lion provides flight services to Udon Thani, Ubon Ratchathani, Surat Thani, Krabi, Hat Yai, Phuket, Khon Kaen, Phitsanulok, Chiang Mai, Chiang Rai, Nakhon Si Thammarat, and Trang. Three other routes are operated from Hat Yai Airport to Udon Thani, and from Chiang Mai Airport to Surat Thani and Hat Yai. Meanwhile, for its international flights, Thai Lion Air now provides flight services to Singapore, Jakarta, Yangon, Guangzhou, Ho Chi Minh City, Kuala Lumpur, Chengdu, Chongqing, Nanchang, Nanjing, and Hanoi. All flights are operated from Don Muang International Airport.

Thai Lion Air is the newest low-cost airline in Thailand which came from an older parent company. Thai Lion competes with Thai AirAsia (a subsidiary of Malaysia’s AirAsia) and Nok Air (a subsidiary of Thai Airways). All three companies choose the Don Muang International airport as their hub in Thailand. Similarly, all also place their headquarters in the Don Muang district.

Although the competition is tighter than ever, Thai Lion Air can remain confident that it can rise above its rivals. The airline is expected to contribute up to 49% of Lion Air’s total income. Such expectation comes based on the fact that Malindo Air has reached the stock percentage of 51% when the company had only been operating for six months.

Today, its parent company Lion Air has relied more on Thai Lion Air’s aircraft and operations—rather than Malindo Air’s—to serve passengers’ demand for international flights from Bangkok to Kuala Lumpur or Kuala Lumpur to Bangkok. Such decision is made after Malindo ceased providing its flight services to Thailand. The company now focuses on providing international flight services from Malaysia to all countries in Southeast Asia and certain other countries in East Asia. Malindo’s business direction gives Thai Lion Air an obvious advantage, since it can focus to serve the passengers in Thailand-Malaysia and Malaysia-Thailand routes instead of competing with a fellow subsidiary of Lion Air Group.

In January 2017, Thai Lion Air decided to halt its service of providing free snacks and soft drinks for passengers on board after a few considerations. However, the termination of this service does not make the airline company compromise on other services. 

Thai Lion Air still, for instance, provides free baggage allowance for its passengers—something notable for low-cost carriers. This enables passengers to enjoy their trip with a reasonable price, without having to worry about carrying too many bags for their journey or having to pay an extra fee. Thai Lion Air also provides web check-in facility on its site for passengers who want to save their time at the check-in counter.

Committing not only to its passengers’ convenience, but also high safety standards, Thai Lion Air passed and completed the requirements to obtain the IOSA certification, an audit designed to evaluate operational management and control system of an airline company, since September 2015. The certificate evaluation is based on more than 900 international flight safety standard rules and flight requirement practices, which are divided into eight scoring subjects. Thai Lion Air was supervised for a whole period of 24 months before obtaining its IOSA certification.

When it was first launched, Thai Lion operated an ATR 42/72 aircraft to serve several short-haul trips, accommodating a limited number of passengers. Today, however, ATR 42/72 has been replaced with two newest airplane types in its flight services: Boeing 737-800 and Boeing 737-900ER.
Based on the airline’s release from February 2017, the number of aircraft currently operated by Thai Lion Air is 25, consisting of eight Boeing 737-800 and 17 Boeing 737-900ER. On the next phase of the company’s expansion, the number of aircrafts flying in and around Thailand is expected to reach between 70 and 80. Each aircraft will be expected to fly at least twice a day.




Contact Thai Lion Air


(+662)-529-9999




Thai Lion Air Office


Thai Lion Air


89/46 Vibhavadi Rangsit Road
Sanambin Sub-District
Don Mueang District
Bangkok 10210, Thailand



Share














Register your email and enjoy up to 70% member-only discount!





Join




Customer Service
0804-1500-308
About Traveloka
How to Book
Contact Us
Help Center
Careers
Installment
Others
Blog
Newsletter Subscription
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Register Your Hotel
Traveloka Press Room
Products
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data
Attractions & Activities
Download Traveloka App
Payment Partners
Follow us on
Copyright © 2017 Traveloka
?
Need help?
evtbvsrwfq