Phone Credit in Traveloka
warning
This site needs Javascript. Please activate Javascript to continue.
Promos
Retrieve Booking
IDR
My Account
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data Packages
Attractions & Activities
Enter Destination Number
Make sure your prepaid mobile or BOLT! number is entered correctly.
Choose Product
Top-Up
Data Package
When purchasing data packages, the destination number must not be within the grace period.
Details:
The product details will be shown here.

Buy Now
Pulsa & Internet
>
Pulsa

Phone Credit in Traveloka



Affordable top-up and data packages for your everyday needs

Never miss out on anything — whether it’s your work emails, funny videos, or messages from your loved ones. Stay connected, wherever life takes you.


Why Top Up in Traveloka?








Hassle-Free

Make a transaction from anywhere at any time, so you can stay on top of things.



The Price is Right

Find the best prices and attractive deals. More value for your money!



Service You Can Trust

Reload instantly with secure, easy and smooth transactions -- guaranteed.





Credit
Why Purchasing Online?
Why Purchase or Reload on Traveloka
Purchasing Credit for Data Plan
All Providers Credit on Traveloka
Tips on How to Save Credit
Credit

Simpati Top-Up
Kartu As Top-Up
XL Top-Up
IM3 Top-Up
Telkomsel Top-Up
Indosat Top-Up
Mentari Top-Up
Axis Top-Up
Tri Top-Up
BOLT! Top-Up
Smartfren Top-Up
Loop Top-Up
Data Package

Simpati Data Package
Kartu As Data Package
XL Data Package
IM3 Data Package
Telkomsel Data Package
Indosat Data Package
Mentari Data Package
Axis Data Package
Tri Data Package
BOLT! Data Package
Loop Data Package



Credit

In this era, when people’s routines have become more hectic with high demand mobility, communication is a must. Cellular phones are a must-have gadget for most people in order to have communication with friends, family and business partners.

By all means smooth communication has to be supported by sufficient credit. So, if you feel like your credit balance has hit minimum balance, it would be better to reload as soon as possible to avoid running out of credit and having to pause the communication. It would be much better if you subscribed to an application which is available 24 hours a day and 7 days a week for you to purchase or reload the credit anywhere.

Why Purchasing Online?

Imagine running out of credit late at night when you need to make a very important phone call. You can not expect to always find counters that sell credit since most of them do not open for 24 hours, in this situation, that only thing that can save you is by online purchase.

We have to admit, online purchase credit has make people’s life easier, including yours of course.  The first reason would be that there are no time limitations. Whenever you need it, you can purchase it right away, without worrying the counters being closed: in other words, you can reload your credit anytime.

Second reason to purchase or reload online means you do not have to go anywhere to look for counters. By holding a gadget in your hand, you can reload from anywhere. Therefore you can say goodbye to having to waste time and energy to go out and look for counters. For this particular reason, you will enjoy the advantage even more when you are travelling across the nation. Online reloading will save you from the troubles of looking for counters in a place that you hardly know.

Third reason would be, you do not have to share your phone number. Let’s try to remember, when you reload at counters, most of the time you need to write down your number  in order to minimize the error that might happen. However this also means sharing your number. The seller might call you for any reason or there are possibilities the seller share the customer’s numbers to third party whether with or without reward. Of course this does not mean that all of the seller commit to such things but there are possibilities. And this indeed will make you feel uncomfortable, that is why online reloading is more secure since you are the only party involved in the reloading process.

Why Purchase or Reload on Traveloka

Traveloka is one of the applications that can give you the simplicity of reloading credit. No need to hesitate when reloading through Traveloka App since Traveloka has been a huge and trusted company in travel business. You can be 100% confident that the data you submitted will not be abused by other parties. In short, your data is completely safe when you are doing any kind of transactions on Traveloka. With an enhanced technology, you don’t need to worry about the possibility of data leak relating to your purchase though Traveloka App.

How to buy?  All you need is to download and install Traveloka App on your gadget to make a purchase or reload credit. Simply login to the application, go through a few simple steps and the credit you need will be instantly reloaded to your phone number.  Reloading credit on Traveloka is very easy and simple compared to having to spend more time and energy to go out to counters.

With Traveloka App,  you can reload or purchase anywhere, anytime. No need to worry about running out of credit late at night, because in a few minutes, you can reload through this application. For you who love travelling, this application can make you avoid running out of credit in the middle of your journey.

For the price, the credit offered by Traveloka is very competitive, even cheaper! We can say that Traveloka provides credits from all providers with the best price.

Purchasing Credit for Data Plan

In an era where everything moves so fast, by all means your needs of credit is not only related to phone calls and text messaging.  We have to admit that nowadays the needs of internet has been constant. We need fast and detailed information which we can have through the internet. Various applications, social medias and messengers have been the main reason for most people to stay connected to the internet in order to support the communication.

However, continuously accessing the net with main credit will surely make you run out credit in a short period. Don’t be shocked if you are running out of credit in just a few hours after activating your smartphone. When this happens, like it or not, you need to reload.

But still, you still need to be connected to the internet, in order to stay online without having to spend a lot of money for the credit, it would be wise to purchase data plan right away.

Still confused with manual purchasing? No need to worry, because now available on Traveloka, economic data plan. By choosing this, your data plan will automatically ready for use and you can go online for all purposes, from Whatsapp, Line, various social medias, to browsing updated news.

All Providers Credit on Traveloka

You can top up your phone credits on Traveloka, who provides all providers or cellular operators.. Details are as follows:

1. Telkomsel

This provider has the widest network in the country, it’s no wonder if most people choose  this provider for their communication needs with your business partners or relatives.  On Traveloka, you can purchase Telkomsel credit from IDR 10,000 to IDR 1,000,000. With various options you can purchase based on your needs. The price tags are also competitive, you can purchase top-up packages ranging from IDR 20,000 to IDR 1,000,000 with price tags below than the value.

2. Indosat Ooredoo

There are a few providers incorporated under Indosat Ooredoo, such as Mentari Ooredoo and IM3 Ooredoo. Both providers are available for your purchase on Traveloka by clicking on the  Indosat Ooredoo icon in the providers menu. On Traveloka App, the price tag of Indosat Ooredoo credit ranges from IDR 25,000 to IDR 1,000,000.  The prices offered are also very economic. Almost all of the price tag is below the value. Very exciting, isn’t it?

3. XL

If you are subscribed to XL provider, you do not have to worry anymore if you are running out of credit. Just log in to Traveloka App, choose the value you want. At the moment Traveloka provides multiple value options. You can reload from IDR 25,000 to IDR 1,000,000 at maximum.

4. Tri

Well-known for its economic rates, it is no surprise if you are head over heels for this provider. We guaranteed you will fall in love even more after you have learned about the multiple options of Tri credit value available on Traveloka. For those who have tight budget and need to save money, you will only need to spend IDR 5,250 to purchase Tri credit for a value of IDR 5,000 on Traveloka. There are multiple options for Tri credit value but for those who don’t want  to have to purchase multiple times, you can purchase Tri credit value of IDR 1,000,000 with price tag IDR 985,000. Some other Tri credit value options are IDR 10,000, IDR 25,000, IDR 50,000, IDR 100,000, IDR 150,000, IDR 300,000, and IDR 500,000.

5. AXIS

On Traveloka, there are five credit value options you can choose from. All five are suitable for you if you do not want to purchase large number of credit,  yet still enough to cater to all your activities. The values available on Traveloka are IDR 25,000, IDR 30,000, IDR 50,000, IDR 100,000 and IDR 200,000. All five can be purchased with economic deals.

6. Smartfren

Smartfren might as well be the only provider with CDMA service at the moment. They have large number of users. Traveloka also provides multiple credit value options with economic price tags. If you wish to purchase large number of credit value, you can choose between IDR 100,000 – IDR 500,000.  Meanwhile, lower values are also available, between  IDR 10,000 – IDR 60,000 on Traveloka App.

7. BOLT!

So far, you may find it kind of difficult to purchase BOLT! credit. Yes, not all counters sell BOLT! Credit, usually only at minimarkets. Now, you can easily purchase BOLT! credit on Traveloka. With various options ranging from IDR 25,000, IDR 50,000, IDR 100,000, IDR 150,000 and IDR 200,000, now you can purchase BOLT! credit based on your needs.

Tips on how to save credit

It is unpleasant when your operational budget is thin due to purchasing credit too often. Therefore, be a wise smartphone user. The tips to save your credit are as follows:


Choose data plan based on your needs


Every person’s communication needs differ from the others. Some people like to make voice calls, others like text messaging. Most people can not be disconnected from the internet due to the needs of communication. When you have learned your specific needs, it would be better to purchase data plan according to your needs.

Every provider has multiple data plan options, starting from data plan, text message plan or voice call plan. Believe it or not by using those plans, your credit will be more economic. Besides,  you are allowed to activate more than one plan.

2. Optimize bonus

When reloading credits at a certain value, often the provider gives bonuses for the users. Unfortunately there are users who ignore it because when you use it, you can save credit. So, from now on, always notice and optimize the bonuses you receive.

When you receive voice call bonus at a certain time, it will be wise to use it to make long voice calls. On the other hand, when the voice call bonuses are not available, it’s better to use your phone  wisely.

3. Using applications

If you often do communication via voice call or text message, try to turn your communication to communication application, such as WhatsApp, LINE, or BBM. All you need to do is purchase a  data plan and then you can freely use the application for your various communication needs.

You can even make a voice call without having to think of how much credit you will spend on the call. Not only that, you can also freely send any text message without having to consider how much it will cost or how many characters you use.

4. Activate keylock on smartphone

Have you ever experienced accidentally calling someone because of putting smartphone in your pocket and accidentally dialing? This must be so irritating and make your credit slowly running out, without you noticing it. Even more with the touch screen operated smartphone, this accident is more likely to happen. To anticipate it, it would be great if you always activate the keylock screen on your smartphone. Make sure that screen keylock is not easy to open. By doing so, you can anticipate all  calls made by accident so as to avoid credits being spent uselessly.

5. Only make call if you use the same operator

Call cost to other providers are usually more expensive than to the same operator. Therefore, to save more credit, before making a phone call, check what is the provider first. If it is not the same, use text message instead or use online communication application, so you can save more credit.




Share









Customer Service
0804-1500-308
About Traveloka
How to Book
Contact Us
Help Center
Careers
Installment
Others
Blog
Newsletter Subscription
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Register Your Hotel
Traveloka Press Room
Products
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data
Attractions & Activities
Download Traveloka App
Payment Partners
Follow us on
Copyright © 2017 Traveloka
?
Need help?
evtbvsrwfq