Royal Brunei Airlines Online Booking - Get Royal Brunei Airlines Promotion and Cheap Flight Tickets on Traveloka
warning
This site needs Javascript. Please activate Javascript to continue.
Promos
Retrieve Booking
IDR
My Account
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data Packages
Attractions & Activities
Search cheap and promo Royal Brunei Airlines flight tickets here!
Flight Destination
From:
To:
Date of Flight
Departure:

One-way
Return
Return:

Search Flights
No. of Passengers:
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
0
1
2
3
4
Seat Class:
Economy
Search Flights
<div id="smartCari">Search +</div> Auto-search


Overview
Service & Facilities
Policies
Flight Routes
Profile










Get the best Royal Brunei Airlines promotion and deals from Traveloka. Register your email and enjoy up to 70% member-only discount!







Join







Royal Brunei Airlines: An Introduction
Royal Brunei Airlines
is the national airline of Brunei Darussalam, owned by the government of Brunei Darussalam. Founded in 1974, Brunei Darussalam now offers flights to 16 destinations in Asia, Europe and Australia that include Singapore, Kuala Lumpur, Jakarta, Melbourne, Hong Kong, London, Dubai, and Jeddah. The airline provides two different types of flight classes, which are Economy Class and Business Class.



Overview

Royal Brunei Airlines Booking & E-ticket
Traveloka Airline Partners
Traveloka Official Payment Partners


Royal Brunei Airlines Booking & E-ticket

Search and book your Royal Brunei Airlines flight tickets online via Traveloka to get the best price and promotions.

How to Book
Here’s how you can book your Royal Brunei Airlines ticket online:

Go to
Traveloka website
or open your Traveloka App

Fill in the flight details in the search box

Choose and book your flight

Fill in contact information and passenger details

Complete your payment through the selected method

Receive your Royal Brunei Airlines e-ticket in
My Booking
or in your email




How to Pay
Payment for your Royal Brunei Airlines ticket can be made via bank transfer (ATM/SMS Banking/e-banking/bank teller), credit card, and Indomaret.

For complete information about payment methods, please visit
How to Pay
.



Royal Brunei Airlines E-ticket
Royal Brunei Airlines e-ticket is an eligible proof for booking an Royal Brunei Airlines flight. Show your e-ticket during check-in at the Royal Brunei Airlines counter at the airport, or use it for self check-in (at the airport or online), to get your boarding pass.

If you have not received your e-ticket within 60 minutes after payment is completed, please contact Traveloka Customer Service.


Traveloka Airline Partners - Domestic & International








Traveloka Official Payment Partners

























Service & Facilities

Royal Brunei Airlines Rating
Royal Brunei Airlines Seat Class
Royal Brunei Airlines Privilege Programs
Royal Brunei Airlines Fleet
Royal Brunei Airlines In-flight Crew


Royal Brunei Airlines Rating



based on
310 reviews

Service standard:
Full Service





Royal Brunei Airlines Seat Class


Economy Class


Royal Brunei Airlines offers different Economy Class service on different types of aircraft. On the Boeing aircraft, the Economy Class seats are equipped with comfortable cushions, adjustable headrests and spacious legroom, and come with an electric socket and a USB port, so that passengers can charge their gadgets during the flight. Passengers can enjoy in-flight entertainment that includes a great selection of movies, TV shows, and music audios from their seats. Meanwhile, the seats in the Airbus aircraft are ergonomically designed with a dimension of 32 inches in length and 17.5 inches in width.




In-flight Meal

Royal Brunei Airlines provides an in-flight dining facility to its Economy Class passengers to make their journey more enjoyable. Passengers with special dieatary requirements can request them during booking or at least 24 hours before the flight’s departure. The special meals vary from diabetic meals, high-fiber meals, low protein meals, low-calorie meals for weight control, to child meals.





Business Class


The Business Class cabin in Royal Brunei Airlines Boeing aircraft features seats that fully recline to a flat bed with a larger surface than the in-flight beds of most aircraft. Along with a larger pillow, the Business Class seats provide maximum comfort for a peaceful rest. Each seat is equipped with a 15.4-inch touchscreen LCD monitor with Panasonic eX2 in-flight entertainment, as well as an in-seat power connector. On the other hand, the Business Class cabin on the Airbus aircraft offers seating with a pitch of 44 inches and width of 21 inches. Each seat is also equipped with an 8.4-inch personal TV. On selected flights, passengers are provided with an iPad Mini packed with the latest movies, TV shows, and games.




In-flight Meal

All meals in Royal Brunei Airlines are halal and prepared in the healthiest way possible. The airline has teamed up with professional chefs to offer a selection of first-class meals cooked to perfection. If the passengers have special dietary restrictions, the chefs will be happy to accommodate them without sacrificing quality. Royal Brunei Airlines is dedicated to bringing only the best for an optimum business class experience.




Royal Brunei Airlines Privilege Programs





Royal Skies

Royal Brunei Airlines offers a special loyalty program called Royal Skies. All Royal Skies members can earn miles from every flight with Royal Brunei Airlines. This program offers three different membership tiers, which include Blue, Silver, and Gold. Royal Skies membership does not expire as long as there is at least one activity recorded in the member’s account within a period of three years. Members can also earn more miles from Royal Skies partners, such as banks, restaurants, car rents, and hotels. Accumulated miles can be redeemed for free flight ticket, cabin class upgrade, extra baggage allowance, and an access to Sky Lounge.


Airport Lounge

To ensure maximum comfort for its customers before boarding, Batik Air provides an airport lounge. Batik Air lounge is located in Terminal 1C of Soekarno-Hatta International Airport and can only be accessed by Business Class passengers. In this airport lounge, passengers can relax, grab a drink, have a quick lunch, and squeeze in some work with its fast WiFi connection, not to mention enjoy a great selection of entertainment, from television and newspapers to magazines. Batik Air Lounge helps passengers feel refreshed before they continue their flight.





Royal Brunei Airlines Fleet



Airbus A320


Seat class:

Economy

Business


Seat layout:

3-3 (Economy)

2-2 (Business)


Seat pitch:

31 inches (Economy)

44 inches (Business)


In-flight entertainment:
Available

WiFi:
Available

Power/USB port:
Available





Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner


Seat class:

Economy

Business


Seat layout:

3-3-3 (Economy)

2-2-2 (Business)


Seat pitch:

33 inches (Economy)

79 inches (Business)


In-flight entertainment:
Available

WiFi:
Not Available

Power/USB port:
Available






Royal Brunei Airlines In-flight Crew





Royal Brunei Airlines Flight Attendant Uniform

As an airline that is headquartered in an Islamic country, Royal Brunei Airlines stays true to Brunei Darussalam’s Islamic heritage. One of the ways is by making sure that the uniform of its flight attendants adhere to Islamic laws. Inspired by Melayu culture, the male flight attendants wear bright colored shirts with firm collars and dark brown trousers. To complete the look, they also wear a vest in similar dark brown color. Meanwhile, there are three different uniform colors for the female flight attendants. They are coral dust, morning sky, and fresh mint. These colors represent the flight attendants’ grades. To complement the blouse, the attendants wear a dark brown skirt and a headscarf inspired by the culture of Brunei Darussalam.



Policies

Royal Brunei Airlines Baggage Allowance
Royal Brunei Airlines Passenger Policy
Royal Brunei Airlines Check-in Policy
Royal Brunei Airlines Refund Policy
Royal Brunei Airlines Reschedule Policy


Royal Brunei Airlines Baggage Allowance




Flight Route
Seat Class
Cabin Baggage
Checked Baggage




All routes

Economy Class

2 pcs (max. 6 kg/pc)
(Dimension: 55 x 38 x 20 cm)

Max. 23 kg

Business Class

2 pcs (max. 12 kg)
(Dimension: 55 x 38 x 20 cm)

Max. 40 kg


Royal Brunei Airlines Passenger Policy


Infant Passenger Policy (0-2 Years Old)


Children up to 2 years old are not required to have their own seat and must be seated on the adult passenger’s lap. Infants who do not buy tickets are charged 10% of the adult fare.

Only one lap child is allowed per adult. If one adult is traveling with more than one infant under 2 years old, a seat will have to be purchased for each additional infant.

Passengers purchasing a seat for their infants must being their own child restraint devices.

Passengers traveling with infants must inform Royal Brunei Airlines of their situation.

Bassinets, baby food, diapers, and bottles are available upon request at the time of booking.

Infant amenities vary by aircraft. Passengers can find further information on the Royal Brunei Airlines website.

Passengers traveling with infants are advised to bring essential items on board such as diapers, baby wipes, and creams inside a small bag that is easily accessible during the flight.

Baby strollers are not allowed as cabin baggage and must be checked in, which will be returned after arrival.

No lap children or infant seats are allowed in an exit row.





Child Passenger Policy (2-12 Years Old)


Children between 5 to 12 years old who are traveling alone are categorized as Unaccompanied Minors.

In some cases, and upon request from their parents or guardians, a young passenger between 12 and 15 years old can be treated as an Unaccompanied Minor.

Unaccompanied Minors are not permitted to travel on a flight that involves a transfer of more than 24 hours without the supervision of an adult 18 years old and above.

Such condition is allowed if the parents or guardian has arranged for the child to be met and cared for at the transfer point.

Royal Brunei Airlines will only be responsible for Unaccompanied Minors from the port of embarkation to arrival.

Arrangements and services for Unaccompanied Minors must be made at least 24 hours before the flight departure.

The parents or guardian of the Unaccompanied Minors can contact their local Royal Brunei Airlines office to make arrangements.





Pregnant Passenger Policy


Before the pregnancy reaches 36 weeks, air travel is safe for pregnant passengers with no history of previous complications.

Passengers with a pregnancy of over 28 weeks are required to bring certified medical clearance, stating that she is medically fit to fly.

The medical clearance must be dated not more than seven days.


Disabled Passenger Policy


All of Royal Brunei Airlines aircraft have a number of seats with moveable armrest for ease of access for passengers with disabilities.

For safety reasons, passengers with disabilities will not be seated in the emergency exit rows.

For comfort and safety reasons, passengers with disabilities will be seated near the onboard toilet.

Royal Brunei Airlines has wheelchairs on the Boeing 787 aircraft to assist the passengers with disabilities onboard.

Due to restricted storage onboard the aircraft, wheelchairs will need to be stowed in the cargo hold prior to boarding and will be returned upon arrival.

Passenger who need special medical attention are required to travel with an escort or attendant to take care of them. This also applies to passengers who are unable to take and put on a life jacket and fit an oxygen mask.

Passengers with disabilities or special needs must inform Royal Brunei Airlines of their condition by visiting the airline’s local office or certified travel agent, through email, or by phone.

Royal Brunei Airlines may limit the number of passengers requiring special assistance to ensure safety, technical, and/or operational requirements is adhered to before, during, and after the flight.

In preparation for the flight on the day of travel, Royal Brunei Airlines encourages all passengers with disabilities to arrive at least three hours prior to their scheduled departure time so that the crew may provide the best possible service.



Royal Brunei Airlines Check-in Policy


Royal Brunei Airlines Check-in Time

Please find the check-in time for all Royal Brunei Airlines flights on the table below. Check-in time may vary if your flight is operated by a partner airline. Please check your e-ticket to ensure.



Flight Route

Recommended Check-in Time

Check-in Time Limit




All routes

3 hours before departure

45 minutes before departure





Royal Brunei Airlines Online Check-in

Online check-in is also available for Royal Brunei Airlines flights. Please follow the steps below.

Go to
Royal Brunei Airlines web check-in page

Enter your booking code, or other booking details, as instructed

Complete your check-in details

Save and/or print your boarding pass




Royal Brunei Airlines Refund Policy

In general, refunds are permitted for personal reasons (self-cancellation, sickness, pregnancy, or death of a passenger), cancellation/rescheduling by the airline, force majeure, or double booking. However, different airlines have different policies regarding acceptable refund reasons. Please visit
Royal Brunei Airlines Refund Policy
for a complete information on refund.
How to Refund




Royal Brunei Airlines Reschedule Policy

You can easily change your flight schedule and itinerary using Easy Reschedule. Some airlines allow changes to date, time, route, and airline, while some only allow changes to date and time. 

Please refer to
Royal Brunei Airlines Reschedule Terms & Conditions
to find the complete guide to rescheduling your flight. If your flight is not eligible for Easy Reschedule, please contact Royal Brunei Airlines directly to reschedule.
How to Reschedule




Flight Routes

Royal Brunei Airlines Schedule
Royal Brunei Airlines Destinations
Royal Brunei Airlines Popular Routes
Popular Hotels



Royal Brunei Airlines Destinations



Java


Bandung

Jakarta

Semarang

Surabaya

Yogyakarta




Sumatra


Medan

Palembang

Pekanbaru




Borneo


Balikpapan




Sulawesi


Makassar

Manado




Bali & Lesser Sunda Is.


Bali / Denpasar

Lombok




Australia


Melbourne




Brunei


Bandar Seri Begawan




China


Shanghai




Hong Kong


Hong Kong




Malaysia


Kuala Lumpur

Kota Kinabalu




Philippines


Manila




Singapore


Singapore




Thailand


Bangkok




Vietnam


Ho Chi Minh City




Saudi Arabia


Jeddah




United Kingdom


London



Royal Brunei Airlines Popular Routes

Jakarta – Denpasar Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Surabaya Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Singapore Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Malang Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Yogyakarta Flight Tickets
Yogyakarta – Singapore Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Medan Flight Tickets
Surabaya – Jakarta Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Lombok Flight Tickets
Popular Hotels

Hotels in Jakarta
Hotels in Bali
Hotels in Yogyakarta
Hotels in Malang
Hotels in Bandung
Hotels in Singapore
Hotels in Bogor
Hotels in Surabaya
Hotels in Semarang



Profile

About Royal Brunei Airlines
Royal Brunei Airlines History
Contact Royal Brunei Airlines

About Royal Brunei Airlines


Royal Brunei Airlines (IATA code: BI)
is Brunei Darussalam’s national airline that was established in November 1974. Royal Brunei Airlines operates its flight service from Bandar Seri Begawan, the capital of Brunei Darussalam, with Brunei International Airport as its main hub. The airline is wholly owned by the government of Brunei Darussalam, which is chaired by Yang Mulia Dato Paduka Awang Haji Bahrin Bin Abdullah. Today, Royal Brunei Airlines offers flight service to 16 domestic and international destinations.

Royal Brunei Airlines’ commitment to giving the best possible service for its passengers has earned them many international awards. From 1999 to 2000, Royal Brunei Airlines was awarded as World’s Leading Airline – First Class. The airline has also been nominated for numerous prestigious awards, such as Asia’s Leading Airline – Business Class 2011 and Asia’s Leading Flat Bed Seat 2005. In 2015, Royal Brunei Airlines won the Travel Media Innovative Campaign and Content of the Year Award in London, England. This particular achievement had attracted many English culinary, traveling, and wedding bloggers to come to Brunei Darussalam. These bloggers documented their journey during their stay in the country, as well as their flight with Royal Brunei Airlines, which opened up new opportunity for the airline to expand its flight network.

Royal Brunei Airlines does not only receive awards, but it also awards its most loyal passengers with a frequent flyer program called Royal Skies. All Royal Skies members can earn miles from every flight with Royal Brunei Airlines. There are three different membership tiers offered by this program: Blue, Silver and Gold. Royal Skies membership does not expire as long as the member record at least one activity in their account within a period of three years. Members can also earn miles from Royal Skies bank, restaurant, car rental, and hotel partners. Accumulated miles can be redeemed for free flight tickets, cabin class upgrades, extra baggage allowances, and access to Sky Lounge.

All check-in counters for any Royal Brunei Airlines open three hours before the flight departure, with the exception of airports in Kota Kinabalu and Surabaya which open their check-in counters two hours before the flight departure time. Usually, these check-in counters will be closed 45 minutes before the scheduled flight, but at the airport in Jeddah and London, check-in counters are closed 15 minutes earlier. For hajj passengers in the Jeddah airport, however, the check-in counters are closed two hours before their scheduled departure.

Passengers flying with Royal Brunei Airlines are allowed cabin baggage and checked baggage. Economy Class passengers are allowed to bring one cabin baggage not exceeding 7 kg and check one baggage weighing not more than 23 kg. Business Class passengers, on the other hand, are allowed two cabin baggage weighing not more than 7 kg, a handbag or suitcase with a maximum weight of 5 kg and a checked baggage with a maximum weight of 40 kg. Passengers in any class are allowed to bring 5 kg worth of their infants’ food onboard.  Meanwhile, students traveling with Royal Brunei Airlines are allowed additional baggage allowance of 15 kg.


Royal Brunei Airlines History


Even though the airline was founded in November 1974, Royal Brunei Airlines did not start operating until 1975. At the time, the airline only owned two Boeing 737-200 aircraft to operate the flight to four destinations including Kota Kinabalu, Singapore, Kuching, and Hong Kong. It was not until a year later that the airline opened a new route to Manila. Royal Brunei Airlines also launched a new route to Bangkok in 1977. Thanks to the purchase of new Boeing aircraft, by 1983, the airline added two more routes to Kuala Lumpur and Darwin.

The independence of Brunei Darussalam from the UK affected the airline significantly. From 1980 to 1990, many new routes were introduced, including to Jakarta, thus linking all five ASEAN capital cities at the time—the other four being Singapore, Bangkok, Kuala Lumpur, and Manila. In the same period, Royal Brunei Airlines also expanded its network to Dubai and Europe, which included Frankfurt and London, which required a transit. In 1991, new flight routes to Perth and Jeddah were introduced.

Royal Brunei Airlines experienced unprofitable operation in early noughties. To tackle that problem, the airline began a major restructuring in 2003. With Peter Foster as CEO, the airline traded its six Boeing 767s for 15 new narrow-body aircraft and eight wide-body aircraft. As the new aircraft began to arrive, the airline leased its old aircraft. The new aircraft were then used to serve the new routes in 2003. Among the new routes was Auckland, New Zealand.

The same year also saw Royal Brunei Airlines launch a frequent flyer program called Royal Skies. In 2004, the airline began modifying its Boeing 767 aircraft. The old First Class and Business Class Skyluxe seats were replaced with SkyDreamer seats. Screens measuring 8.4 inches were installed in each Economy Class seat. Meanwhile, the unprofitable routes, which included Taipei, Kolkata and Kuching, were suspended in 2004 because of rising fuel prices. Nevertheless, Sydney was added to the network.

The emergence of new low-cost carriers had created a set of new challenges for Royal Brunei Airlines. To meet this challenge, the airline launched Blue Sky Fares, a low-cost internet booking facility, offering cheaper Economy Class fares on selected destinations. Throughout 2000 to 2011, Royal Brunei Airlines added new flight routes to attract more passengers. The airline also resumed flight service to some previously suspended routes, such as Kuching, while launching new routes, such as Shanghai, Ho Chi Minh, and Melbourne.

As for the next plan, Royal Brunei Airlines focused on serving flights to regional and international destinations in order to improve its quality as well as its financial condition. In 2013, Royal Brunei Airlines leased seven additional new Boeing and Airbus aircraft, while deciding to suspend flight routes to Auckland, Perth, Brisbane, Kuching, and Ho Chi Minh. Since it was established in 1974, Royal Brunei Airlines has appointed many different CEOs. The CEO from 2011 to March 2016 was Dermot Mannion. On March 2016, Dermot Mannion finished his five-year term and was replaced by Karam Chand, who had been the Chief Commercial and Planning Officer of Royal Brunei Airlines from August 2012.




Contact Royal Brunei Airlines


(6221) 520 6338




Royal Brunei Airlines Office


Royal Brunei Airlines


Wisma Tamara 6th Floor #668
Jalan Jend Sudirman Kav 24
Jakarta 12920 Indonesia



Share














Register your email and enjoy up to 70% member-only discount!





Join




Customer Service
0804-1500-308
About Traveloka
How to Book
Contact Us
Help Center
Careers
Installment
Others
Blog
Newsletter Subscription
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Register Your Hotel
Traveloka Press Room
Products
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data
Attractions & Activities
Download Traveloka App
Payment Partners
Follow us on
Copyright © 2017 Traveloka
?
Need help?
evtbvsrwfq