KLM Online Booking - Get KLM Promotion and Cheap Flight Tickets on Traveloka
warning
This site needs Javascript. Please activate Javascript to continue.
Promos
Retrieve Booking
IDR
My Account
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data Packages
Attractions & Activities
Search cheap and promo KLM flight tickets here!
Flight Destination
From:
To:
Date of Flight
Departure:

One-way
Return
Return:

Search Flights
No. of Passengers:
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
0
1
2
3
4
Seat Class:
Economy
Search Flights
<div id="smartCari">Search +</div> Auto-search


Overview
Service & Facilities
Policies
Flight Routes
Profile










Get the best KLM promotion and deals from Traveloka. Register your email and enjoy up to 70% member-only discount!







Join







KLM Royal Dutch Airlines: An Introduction
KLM Royal Dutch Airlines
, also known as KLM, is the leading airline in the Netherlands. KLM is a part of the Air France-KLM Group and a member of the SkyTeam airline alliance. Established in 1919, KLM — the oldest airline in the world — has retained its original name to this day. Currently, the airline offers economy and business class flights to 145 destinations around the world.



Overview

KLM Booking & E-ticket
Traveloka Airline Partners
Traveloka Official Payment Partners


KLM Booking & E-ticket

Search and book your KLM flight tickets online via Traveloka to get the best price and promotions.

How to Book
Here’s how you can book your KLM ticket online:

Go to
Traveloka website
or open your Traveloka App

Fill in the flight details in the search box

Choose and book your flight

Fill in contact information and passenger details

Complete your payment through the selected method

Receive your KLM e-ticket in
My Booking
or in your email




How to Pay
Payment for your KLM ticket can be made via bank transfer (ATM/SMS Banking/e-banking/bank teller), credit card, and Indomaret.

For complete information about payment methods, please visit
How to Pay
.



KLM E-ticket
KLM e-ticket is an eligible proof for booking an KLM flight. Show your e-ticket during check-in at the KLM counter at the airport, or use it for self check-in (at the airport or online), to get your boarding pass.

If you have not received your e-ticket within 60 minutes after payment is completed, please contact Traveloka Customer Service.


Traveloka Airline Partners - Domestic & International








Traveloka Official Payment Partners

























Service & Facilities

KLM Rating
KLM Seat Class
KLM Privilege Programs
KLM Fleet
KLM In-flight Crew


KLM Rating



based on
691 reviews

Service standard:
Full Service





KLM Seat Class


Economy Class


The Economy Class of KLM is equipped with ergonomic seats to ensure passengers’ comfort. For passengers flying on a long-distance flight, the airline provides pillows and blankets for extra comfort. Passengers may also choose from a range facilities to keep them entertained onboard, from shopping to movies, music, TV series and international newspapers. Holland Herald, the airline’s inflight magazine, is also available onboard.




In-flight Meal

Passengers can also expect to find a variety of food and beverages — alcoholic or non-alcoholic — in Economy Class. Snacks and fresh sandwiches are served on continental flights, while full-course menus are served on intercontinental flights. Passengers flying on intercontinental flights may also request special menus that are in accordance with their dietary restrictions.





Business Class


Business Class passengers are provided with wider seats, bigger baggage allowance and access to the KLM Crown Lounges or its partners. The 190 cm seats can be reclined to 175 degrees, allowing passengers to rest comfortably. A power set as well as a Taminiau comfort kit are provided in each seat for the passengers’ convenience, while an entertainment set, magazines and newspapers keep the passengers accompanied during flight. Business Class passengers will also be rewarded with 175% of Flying Blue miles when flying internationally, and 250% when flying around Europe.




In-flight Meal

Business Class passengers are served with more food variety, from sandwiches, salads, snacks and tapas to a sumptuous three-course meal complete with a glass of fine wine or the passenger’s beverage of choice. The airline collaborates with some of the Netherland’s top chefs in creating the menus, and chooses Amsterdam’s leading product and interior design studio Marcel Wanders for cutlery.







KLM Privilege Programs





Flying Blue

Flying Blue is a special privilege program for the loyal customers of KLM. Flying Blue members are entitled to a wide range of f exclusive benefits and privileges. Passengers aged 2 and above are eligible for membership and can earn miles every time they fly with KLM or its SkyTeam partners, such as Air France, Aircalin, Kenya Airways, and Tarom. Passengers can redeem their miles for flights, car rentals and hotel stays, among others. To get the miles, customers need only to mention their Flying Blue number when booking a flight or using the services of the SkyTeam partners.








KLM Fleet



Airbus A330-300


Seat class:

Economy

Business


Seat layout:

2-4-2 (Economy)

2-2-2 (Business)


Seat pitch:

31 inches (Economy)

60 inches (Business)


In-flight entertainment:
Available

WiFi:
Not Available

Power/USB port:
Available





Boeing 787-900


Seat class:

Economy

Business


Seat layout:

3-3-3 (Economy)

1-2-1 (Business)


Seat pitch:

31 inches (Economy)

42 inches (Business)


In-flight entertainment:
Available

WiFi:
Available

Power/USB port:
Available












KLM In-flight Crew





KLM Flight Attendant Uniform

KLM updates its flight attendant uniforms every five to 10 years. The current uniform, which was designed in 2010, consists of a white blouse, complemented by the airline’s signature five-color scarf and pin. The white blouse may be paired with a vest, a long-sleeved blazer, a coat or a sweater, and a pair of pants or a formal skirt. On occasions, the flight attendants may also wear a thick black scarf, especially in the winter.



Policies

KLM Baggage Allowance
KLM Passenger Policy
KLM Check-in Policy
KLM Refund Policy
KLM Reschedule Policy


KLM Baggage Allowance




Flight Route
Seat Class
Cabin Baggage
Checked Baggage




Domestic

Economy Class (Light Ticket)

Max. 12 kg
(1 hand baggage + 1 personal item)

Available upon purchase

Economy Class (Standard Ticket and Flex Ticket)

Max. 23 kg
(Dimension: max. 158 cm)



Business Class

Max. 18 kg
(2 hand baggage + 1 personal item)

2 pcs (max. 32 kg/pc)
(Dimension: max. 158 cm)

International

Economy Class

Max. 12 kg
(1 hand baggage + 1 personal item)

Max. 23 kg
(Dimension: max. 158 cm)


Business Class

Max. 18 kg
(2 hand baggage + 1 personal item)

2 pcs (max. 32 kg/pc)
(Dimension: max. 158 cm)


KLM Passenger Policy


Infant Passenger Policy (0-2 Years Old)


Infants must be accompanied by adults, who will have to hold the infants on their lap during the flight.

An adult may travel with two infants, but only one may sit on the adult’s lap. A seat must be purchased for the other infant.

Passengers are allowed to bring their own stroller, but it must be foldable and small enough to be stored under the seat.

Every infant passenger is allowed a cabin baggage with a maximum weight of 12 kg. The baggage, including the handrail and wheels, must be no larger than 55 x 35 x 25 cm.

Every infant is allowed a check-in baggage with a maximum weight of 10 kg.

Parents or guardians are advised to bring food for their infants, because there are only limited baby food variations even on intercontinental flights. The liquid prohibition does not apply to baby food.





Child Passenger Policy (2-14 Years Old)


Children from age 2 are eligible for the Flying Blue membership and to earn the Flying Blue Miles, just like adult passengers.

Children under 5 years old can fly only if they are accompanied by their parents or guardians with a minimum age of 18 years old.

Children who are traveling without an adult must register for the Unaccompanied Minors service.

Children are allowed to bring their own electronic equipment, such as a tablet, but must set it to airplane mode.





Pregnant Passenger Policy


Passengers with a pregnancy of 36 weeks or above are not allowed to fly.

KLM also does not recommend new mothers to fly within the first week after the delivery.

Passengers with multiple pregnancies are advised to consult with their gynecologist prior to the flight.

Passengers with pregnancy complications must submit a medical document from a doctor.

Pregnancy will abolish the membership status in the Flying Blue. The membership can be obtained again after the delivery by showing a medical certificate, such as a birth certificate or a statement from a doctor.





Disabled Passenger Policy


Passengers with special needs must be escorted by someone who can assist them during the flight.

Passengers who need special assistance from KLM is required to make a special assistance request to KLM CARES at least 48 hours before departure. KLM CARES are available on the KLM official website, telephone, or email.

Passengers flying with KLM’s partner airlines and in need of special assistance are required to make their request  to the airlines at least 48 hours before departure.

Special service requests must be made by passengers who want to use the cabin wheelchairs, bring their own wheelchairs/crutches/walker, require airport transfer assistance, bring special medical equipment (even if they do not use them during flight), or bring an assistance dog onboard. Foldable onboard wheelchairs are available in all KLM and KLM Cityhopper planes.

Special service requests must also be made by passengers with special dietary needs, requiring special care during flight or suffering from a contagious disease. Wheelchair accessible toilets are available on some KLM aircraft, but KLM does not assist passengers in using the lavatory.

Passengers flying in economy class within Europe who need to stay in a horizontal position or in need of an extra legroom may book two extra seats, while passengers on an intercontinental flight must book a business class seat.

Passengers carrying their own wheelchair should ensure that their wheelchair's weight and dimension comply with KLM's regulations. Each type of aircraft may have different regulations.

Passengers who require special services must check-in no later than one and a half hour before the standard check-in time.

Passengers shall enter the gate according to the time listed on the boarding pass.

KLM does not provide special services for first-time travelers or passengers with a language barrier and fear of flights.



KLM Check-in Policy


KLM Check-in Time

Please find the check-in time for all KLM flights on the table below. Check-in time may vary if your flight is operated by a partner airline. Please check your e-ticket to ensure.



Flight Route

Recommended Check-in Time

Check-in Time Limit




Domestic

1 hour 30 minutes before departure

40 minutes before departure
International

2 hours before departure

1 hour before departure





KLM Online Check-in

Online check-in is also available for KLM flights. Please follow the steps below.

Go to
KLM web check-in page

Enter your booking code, or other booking details, as instructed

Complete your check-in details

Save and/or print your boarding pass




KLM Refund Policy

In general, refunds are permitted for personal reasons (self-cancellation, sickness, pregnancy, or death of a passenger), cancellation/rescheduling by the airline, force majeure, or double booking. However, different airlines have different policies regarding acceptable refund reasons. Please visit
KLM Refund Policy
for a complete information on refund.
How to Refund




KLM Reschedule Policy

You can easily change your flight schedule and itinerary using Easy Reschedule. Some airlines allow changes to date, time, route, and airline, while some only allow changes to date and time. 

Please refer to
KLM Reschedule Terms & Conditions
to find the complete guide to rescheduling your flight. If your flight is not eligible for Easy Reschedule, please contact KLM directly to reschedule.
How to Reschedule




Flight Routes

KLM Schedule
KLM Destinations
KLM Popular Routes
Popular Hotels



KLM Destinations



Java


Jakarta

Surabaya

Yogyakarta




Borneo


Balikpapan




Bali & Lesser Sunda Is.


Bali / Denpasar




China


Beijing

Shanghai

Hangzhou

Xiamen

Chengdu




Hong Kong


Hong Kong




Japan


Osaka

Tokyo




Malaysia


Kuala Lumpur

Penang




Philippines


Manila




Singapore


Singapore




South Korea


Seoul




Taiwan


Taipei




Thailand


Bangkok

Phuket




Vietnam


Hanoi

Ho Chi Minh City




India


New Delhi




United Arab Emirates


Abu Dhabi




Germany


Frankfurt




Netherlands


Amsterdam




France


Paris




United Kingdom


London



KLM Popular Routes

Jakarta – Denpasar Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Surabaya Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Singapore Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Malang Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Yogyakarta Flight Tickets
Yogyakarta – Singapore Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Medan Flight Tickets
Surabaya – Jakarta Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Lombok Flight Tickets
Popular Hotels

Hotels in Jakarta
Hotels in Bali
Hotels in Yogyakarta
Hotels in Malang
Hotels in Bandung
Hotels in Singapore
Hotels in Bogor
Hotels in Surabaya
Hotels in Semarang



Profile

About KLM
KLM History
Contact KLM

About KLM


KLM (IATA code: KL)
is an abbreviation of Koninklijke Luchtvaart Maatschappij, which translates to Royal Airplane Company. The Dutch Queen Wilhelmina gave the airline the “royal” part of its name in 1919. The airline, which is headquartered in Amstelveen, the Netherlands, is one of the first airlines in the world. During 97 years of its operation, KLM has made some innovations and achievements. One of its achievements is being listed on the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) as the top sustainability-driven company in the world.

Currently, KLM offers flights in three types of classes: Economy Class, Europe Business Class, and World Business Class, which is equivalent to first class. With more than 115 aircraft in its fleet, KLM flies to 145 destinations around the world. In line with its slogan, “Journeys of Inspiration,” KLM always strives to inspire its passengers through the services it provides. 

In the air, for example, KLM spoils passengers with a wide variety of meals, in-flight magazines and international newspapers, and sets of electronic entertainment to accompany them during their flight. Meanwhile, on ground, KLM offers all its passengers an opportunity to become members of Flying Blue — the airline’s frequent flyer program — and its business class passengers the SkyPriority privilege from SkyTeam.

KLM passengers who prefer to check-in at the airport counter are advised to do so within two hours before their departure time. KLM also offers an online check-in facility, which is open from 30 hours to one hour before departure. For flights to the United States, however, online check-in is available from 24 hours before departure. Passengers are advised to find out the online check-in time for flights to Delhi, Paramaribo, Lagos, Europe, Osaka, Guayaquil, Mexico City and Moscow.

KLM opens baggage check-in from three hours to 40 minutes before departure for flights within Europe and to 60 minutes before departure for international flights. Baggage check-in for flights to Accra, Nairobi, Lagos, Almaty, Astana, Amsterdam, Bonaire, Colombo, Guayaquil, Osaka, and Paramaribo, may close earlier. Passengers are advised to check the check-in regulations on the official KLM website or by contacting the airline’s customer service.


KLM History


KLM Royal Dutch Airlines was officially established on 7 October 1919. The airline performed its first flight in 1920 and flew its first intercontinental flight in 1924 from Amsterdam, the Netherlands to Batavia (now Jakarta), Indonesia. This route has become a regular route of  airline since 1929. Then, in 1934, KLM crossed the Atlantic Ocean for the first time with a flight to Curacao in the Caribbean.  

In its first year of operation, KLM flew 345 passengers and 25 tons of cargo — a striking contrast to today’s more than 400 passengers and 20 tons of cargo per flight — using propeller planes from the Douglas Aircraft Company. The fleet experienced an upgrade after 1960, when the airline started flying aircraft with jet engines. Though similar in size, these new aircraft were faster, hence taking less time to reach a destination. With these new airplanes, KLM broke the record as the first airline that flew across the continent in less than 24 hours.  

In 1971, when the first Boeing 747 was launched, KLM became one of the first airlines that flew the aircraft. Referred to as “Jumbo Jet” due to its large size, even the first of Boeing 747s were able to carry more passengers and cargo. 

The airline has indeed flown different types of aircraft since the beginning of its operation. Here are the list of aircraft KLM has ever used and their years of operation:

Propeller and jet aircraft (1920 – 1970): De Haviland DH-16, Fokker F.II, Fokker F.III, Fokker F.VIII, Douglas DC-2, Douglas DC-3, Douglas DC-4, Douglas DC- 9 and Douglas-8-63.

Jumbo Jet aircraft (1971-2013): Boeing 747-200B, Douglas DC-10, Douglas MD-11, Boeing 747 Combi, Boeing 747-200SUD, Boeing 747-400, Boeing 767-300ER, Boeing 777-200ER and Airbus A330-200. The latter two aircraft replaced Boeing 767, Boeing 747-300, and Douglas MD-11. The entire Douglas MD-11 fleet was retired in October 2014.

Airbus and Boeing (2014 – present): Airbus A330-300, Airbus A330-200, Boeing 737-700, Boeing 737-800 and Boeing 737-900.

Active fleet: Airbus A350-900, Boeing 737-900ER, Boeing 737 MAX, Boeing 737-400, Boeing 747-400M, Boeing 777-200ER, Boeing 777-300ER, Boeing 787-9, Boeing 787-10 and Boeing 747-400ERF (cargo).

KLM has made international achievements since 1938, staying in operation even during the Second World War. Among the airline’s achievements and milestones are:

The first airline that flew to Manchester’s new airport (1938).

The only civil airline that received the Douglas DC-5 (1938).

The airline with the largest aircraft in the world (Douglas-8-63 / 1968).

The first airline in the world that flew jet-engine aircraft (Boeing 747-200B / 1971).

The Flying Dutchman, the airline’s first frequent flyer program (1981).

The first airline that used biofuels for its aircraft (2012).

Best Airline Staff Service by World Airline Awards (2012 – 2013).

Dow Jones Sustainability Index (2004 – 2014).

These achievements are the results of the airline’s creativity, innovation, professionalism and commitment in delivering the best experience to its passengers. 

To offer more destinations to its passengers, the airline has developed partnerships with other airlines. Its cooperation with Northwest Airline from the United States, for instance, has been established since 1989. The two airlines joined another American airline, Continental, in becoming SkyTeam members in 2004. 

The same year also saw the merger of KLM and French airline company Air France. Together, they built the airline group Air France-KLM, which soon became the largest airline group in the world. Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris and Schiphol Airport in Amsterdam were designated as the group’s airport hubs, while each airline was allowed to keep using their original name in operating their flights.

Over the years, KLM has established its own subsidiaries, which include regional airline KLM Cityhopper, cargo airline Martinair and low-cost airline Transavia.




Contact KLM


+62 21 2927 2222




KLM Office


KLM


Summitmas II, 17th Floor
Jl. Jenderal Sudirman Kav. 61-62
Jakarta 12190
Indonesia



Share














Register your email and enjoy up to 70% member-only discount!





Join




Customer Service
0804-1500-308
About Traveloka
How to Book
Contact Us
Help Center
Careers
Installment
Others
Blog
Newsletter Subscription
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Register Your Hotel
Traveloka Press Room
Products
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data
Attractions & Activities
Download Traveloka App
Payment Partners
Follow us on
Copyright © 2017 Traveloka
?
Need help?
evtbvsrwfq