Lion Air Online Booking - Get Lion Air Promotion and Cheap Flight Tickets on Traveloka
warning
This site needs Javascript. Please activate Javascript to continue.
Promos
Retrieve Booking
IDR
My Account
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data Packages
Attractions & Activities
Flights
Flight + Hotel
Save More!
Search cheap and promo Lion Air flight tickets here!
1
Flight Destination
2
Date of Flight
3
Search Flights
From:
To:
Departure:
One-way
Return
Adult
Child
Infant
Seat Class:
Search Flights
Save up to 20% on Flight + Hotel Packages. Book now!
1
Flight Details
2
Hotel Details
Search Packages


Overview
Service & Facilities
Policies
Flight Routes
Profile










Get the best Lion Air promotion and deals from Traveloka. Register your email and enjoy up to 70% member-only discount!







Join







Lion Air: An Introduction
Lion Air
is one of the biggest low-cost carriers in Indonesia. With a strong fleet of Boeings and Airbuses, today Lion Air serves 183 domestic and international routes. In order to give the best service to its passengers, Lion Air offers two types of flight classes, Economy Class and Business Class. Thanks to its dedication to the aviation industry, Lion Air has received awards from Skytrax World Airline Awards as the World’s Best Low-cost Airlines Cabin and World’s Best Low-cost Premium Seat.



Overview

Lion Air Booking & E-ticket
Traveloka Airline Partners
Traveloka Official Payment Partners


Lion Air Booking & E-ticket

Search and book your Lion Air flight tickets online via Traveloka to get the best price and promotions.

How to Book
Here’s how you can book your Lion Air ticket online:

Go to
Traveloka website
or open your Traveloka App

Fill in the flight details in the search box

Choose and book your flight

Fill in contact information and passenger details

Complete your payment through the selected method

Receive your Lion Air e-ticket in
My Booking
or in your email




How to Pay
Payment for your Lion Air ticket can be made via bank transfer (ATM/SMS Banking/e-banking/bank teller), credit card, and Indomaret.

For complete information about payment methods, please visit
How to Pay
.



Lion Air E-ticket
Lion Air e-ticket is an eligible proof for booking an Lion Air flight. Show your e-ticket during check-in at the Lion Air counter at the airport, or use it for self check-in (at the airport or online), to get your boarding pass.

If you have not received your e-ticket within 60 minutes after payment is completed, please contact Traveloka Customer Service.


Traveloka Airline Partners - Domestic & International








Traveloka Official Payment Partners

























Service & Facilities

Lion Air Rating
Lion Air Seat Class
Lion Air Privilege Programs
Lion Air Fleet
Lion Air In-flight Crew


Lion Air Rating



based on
99 reviews

Service standard:
LCC-Hybrid





Lion Air Seat Class


Economy Class


To embody its slogan, “We make people fly”, Lion Air is very determined to provide a flight service with a competitively low fare to as many people as possible. In the Economy Class, passengers get to fly in a 29-inch (around 74 cm) seat covered by a comfortable leather material. The Lion Air Economy Class also offers a 15 kg baggage allowance for domestic passengers and a 20 kg baggage allowance for international passengers.




In-flight Meal

Economy Class passengers do not receive complimentary in-flight meals, but they can purchase them on board through the cabin crew. Lion Air used to provide in-flight meals for its Economy Class passengers, but the airline discontinued the service to be able to provide even more competitive flight fare for passengers.





Business Class


In Lion Air’s Business Class, passengers will get to fly in a 38-inch (around 96 cm) seat, providing Business Class passengers with larger space and more comfort than it does Economy Class passengers. Business Class passengers can elso enjoy a more generous baggage allowance, which is up to 35 kg. Lion Air also provides a complimentary in-flight meal for their Business Class passengers.




In-flight Meal

Passengers are offered a great selection of menu from around the world, with Indonesian cuisines as one of the all time favorites. To make these meals, Lion Air teams up with Lion Boga, one of the subsidiaries of Lion Group. With its sophisticated and high-quality kitchen, Lion Boga can ensure that every meal is served in maximum quality.







Lion Air Privilege Programs





Lion Air Passport

Lion Air has prepared a special program called Lion Air Passport for its frequent flyers. Every passenger gets to automatically join Lion Air Passport after purchasing his/her first Lion Air flight ticket. With Lion Air Passport, passengers can earn as many points/miles as they can and redeem them with certain rewards. Besides rewards, the Lion Air Passport members also get access to Lion Air’s airport lounge called Lion King Lounge. Passengers who want to become a member of Lion Passport Card (LPC) must be at least 17 years old and submit three Lion Air boarding passes, for either one-way or return flights. The Lion Air Passport membership is offered in two types, which are LPC Blue and LPC Gold.


Lion King Lounge

To ensure maximum comfort for its customers before boarding, Batik Air provides an airport lounge. Batik Air lounge is located in Terminal 1C of Soekarno-Hatta International Airport and can only be accessed by Business Class passengers. In this airport lounge, passengers can relax, grab a drink, have a quick lunch, and squeeze in some work with its fast WiFi connection, not to mention enjoy a great selection of entertainment, from television and newspapers to magazines. Batik Air Lounge helps passengers feel refreshed before they continue their flight.





Lion Air Fleet



Boeing 737-900ER


Seat class:

Economy

Business


Seat layout:

3-3 (Economy)

2-2 (Business)


Seat pitch:

28 inches (Economy)

38 inches (Business)


In-flight entertainment:
Not Available

WiFi:
Not Available

Power/USB port:
Not Available





Boeing 737-800NG


Seat class:

Economy


Seat layout:

3-3 (Economy)


Seat pitch:

32 inches (Economy)


In-flight entertainment:
Not Available

WiFi:
Not Available

Power/USB port:
Not Available












Lion Air In-flight Crew





Lion Air Flight Attendant Uniform

The Lion Air flight attendant wears a batik-patterned uniform that is dominated by a dark-red color and blue vertical lines. The batik pattern was chosen to represent one of the many Indonesian cultures. For the female flight attendants, the uniform consists of a shirt and long skirt with the same batik pattern mentioned above. The skirt features a rather long slit on the left side to ease the mobility of the Lion Air female flight attendants. Meanwhile, the male flight attendants wear a shirt with two front pockets complete with a tie in similar batik pattern and long black trousers.



Policies

Lion Air Baggage Allowance
Lion Air Passenger Policy
Lion Air Check-in Policy
Lion Air Refund Policy
Lion Air Reschedule Policy


Lion Air Baggage Allowance




Flight Route
Seat Class
Cabin Baggage
Check-in Baggage




All routes

Economy Class

Max. 7 kg 
(Dimension: 40 x 20 x 30 cm

Max. 20 kg
Business Class

Max. 30 kg



Lion Air Passenger Policy


Infant Passenger Policy (0-2 Years Old)


Infants younger than 2 days old might not be allowed on board.

Infants aged between 3 to 7 days old require a medical certificate to confirm that they are fit to fly. The medical certificate must be issued 72 hours or three days before the standard departure time.

Infants traveling on Lion Air must have the Form of Indemnity signed by the parents.

Infants without an individual seat are not entitled to a checked baggage. However, instant food and a carrying basket are allowed on board free of charge.

Infant ticket fare may vary, depending on the flight route.

Passengers traveling with an infant must check-in directly at the airport.





Child Passenger Policy (2-12 Years Old)


Children aged less than 12 years old are not allowed to travel alone.

Child ticket fare is equal to adult ticket fare.

Parents of a child passenger traveling alone must inform the airline’s reservations staff that their child will be traveling alone and is requiring service.

Parents must stay with their child during check-in, thus online check-in is not allowed for children traveling alone.





Pregnant Passenger Policy


Passengers with a pregnancy of 28 to 35 weeks are allowed onboard, if they can submit a medical letter from a doctor stating that they are fit to travel. The medical letter must be submitted during check-in at the airport.

Passengers with a pregnancy above 28 weeks are required to sign a Form of Indemnity (FOI) from Lion Air before the departure.





Disabled Passenger Policy


Passengers with special need must notify the airline about their condition during booking.

Lion Air may require that passengers with special needs or disability travel with their assistant.

Passengers whose mental or physical condition makes them incapable of caring for themselves without assistance may not be allowed onboard.

Passengers are allowed to carry their own wheelchairs or other disability assistive devices as long as they comply with the safety or safety requirements.



Lion Air Check-in Policy


Lion Air Check-in Time

Please find the check-in time for all Lion Air flights on the table below. Check-in time may vary if your flight is operated by a partner airline. Please check your e-ticket to ensure.



Flight Route

Recommended Check-in Time

Check-in Time Limit




Domestic

1 hour before departure

30 minutes before departure
International

1 hour 30 minutes before departure

45 minutes before departure





Lion Air Online Check-in

Online check-in is also available for Lion Air flights. Please follow the steps below.

Go to
Lion Air web check-in page

Enter your booking code, or other booking details, as instructed

Complete your check-in details

Save and/or print your boarding pass




Lion Air Refund Policy

In general, refunds are permitted for personal reasons (self-cancellation, sickness, pregnancy, or death of a passenger), cancellation/rescheduling by the airline, force majeure, or double booking. However, different airlines have different policies regarding acceptable refund reasons. Please visit
Lion Air Refund Policy
for a complete information on refund.
How to Refund




Lion Air Reschedule Policy

You can easily change your flight schedule and itinerary using Easy Reschedule. Some airlines allow changes to date, time, route, and airline, while some only allow changes to date and time. 

Please refer to
Lion Air Reschedule Terms & Conditions
to find the complete guide to rescheduling your flight. If your flight is not eligible for Easy Reschedule, please contact Lion Air directly to reschedule.
How to Reschedule




Flight Routes

Lion Air Schedule
Lion Air Destinations
Lion Air Popular Routes
Popular Hotels



Lion Air Destinations



Java


Bandung

Banyuwangi

Jakarta

Jakarta

Malang

Semarang

Solo

Surabaya

Yogyakarta

Jember




Sumatra


Banda Aceh

Bandar Lampung

Batam

Bengkulu

Gunung Sitoli

Jambi

Lhokseumawe

Medan

Meulaboh

Natuna

Padang

Palembang

Bangka / Pangkal Pinang

Pekanbaru

Sibolga

Silangit

Belitung / Tanjung Pandan

Bintan / Tanjung Pinang

Lubuk Linggau

Sabang

Dumai

Simeulue




Borneo


Balikpapan

Banjarmasin

Berau

Ketapang

Kotabaru

Palangkaraya

Pangkalan Bun

Pontianak

Putussibau

Sampit

Sintang

Tanjung Selor

Tarakan




Sulawesi


Bau-Bau, Buton

Gorontalo

Kendari

Luwuk

Makassar

Mamuju

Manado

Naha

Palu

Pomala

Poso

Talaud

Wakatobi

Tolitoli

Muna / Raha

Buol

Selayar




Bali & Lesser Sunda Is.


Alor

Bima

Bali / Denpasar

Ende

Kupang

Labuan Bajo

Lombok

Maumere

Sumbawa Besar

Waikabubak

Waingapu

Atambua

Bajawa

Larantuka




Moluccas & Papua


Ambon

Biak

Buli, Maba

Fak Fak

Jayapura

Kaimana

Langgur-Kei

Manokwari

Merauke

Nabire

Sorong

Ternate

Timika

Tobelo

Wamena

Morotai Island

Galela

Saumlaki




Australia


Perth




China


Shanghai

Shenzhen

Changsa




Hong Kong


Hong Kong




Malaysia


Johor Bahru

Kuching

Kuala Lumpur

Kuala Lumpur-Subang

Kota Kinabalu

Langkawi

Malacca

Penang

Alor Setar

Ipoh

Kerteh

Kota Bharu

Kuala Terengganu

Miri

Tawau




Myanmar


Yangon




Singapore


Singapore




Taiwan


Taipei




Thailand


Bangkok

Chiang Mai

Hat Yai

Krabi

Phuket

Surat Thani

Udon Thani

Chiang Rai

Ubon Ratchathani




Vietnam


Hanoi

Ho Chi Minh City




Saudi Arabia


Jeddah




India


Kochi

New Delhi

Mumbai

Tiruchirappalli (Trichy)

Visakhapatnam (Vizag)

Chennai




Bangladesh


Chittagong

Dhaka




Nepal


Kathmandu




Sri Lanka


Colombo



Lion Air Popular Routes

Jakarta – Denpasar Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Surabaya Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Singapore Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Malang Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Yogyakarta Flight Tickets
Yogyakarta – Singapore Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Medan Flight Tickets
Surabaya – Jakarta Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Lombok Flight Tickets
Popular Hotels

Hotels in Jakarta
Hotels in Bali
Hotels in Yogyakarta
Hotels in Malang
Hotels in Bandung
Hotels in Singapore
Hotels in Bogor
Hotels in Surabaya
Hotels in Semarang



Profile

About Lion Air
Lion Air History
Contact Lion Air

About Lion Air


Lion Air (IATA code: JT)
is a national airline from Indonesia. This airline was founded by PT Lion Mentari Airlines on 19 October 1999 and officially started its operation on 30 June 2000. Having served its loyal passengers for 17 years, Lion Air has grown into one of the largest privately run airlines in Indonesia. Lion Air is well known for its competitively low flight fare—an important aspect that makes people keep choosing the airline as a mode of transportation.

Lion Air’s slogan is “We make people fly”. With this slogan, Lion Air is determined to show that air travel does not always have to be expensive, and that with Lion Air, everyone is now able to enjoy air travel with a competitively low fare. However, despite the competitively low prices, Lion Air prioritizes its flight safety and quality.

As one of the largest privately run airlines in Indonesia, Lion Air has several hubs, which include Soekarno-Hatta International Airport in Jakarta, Juanda International Airport in Surabaya, Hang Nadim International Airport in Batam, Sultan Hasanuddin International Airport in Makassar, Sam Ratulangi International Airport in Manado, and Adi Sumarmo Airport in Surakarta. Meanwhile, the airline’s focus cities in Indonesia are Banda Aceh, Banjarmasin, Denpasar, Medan, Padang, Palembang, Pekan Baru, Semarang, Tarakan, and Yogyakarta, with its headquarter nestling in Jakarta.

Lion Air is currently led by Rudi Lemiwengkas as President Director and Edward Sirait as General Director. Besides operating commercial flight services to many destinations in Southeast Asia and the Middle East, Lion Air also offers a flight service for passengers who want to depart to China and Hong Kong. 

Lion Air owns various fleets. In operating its flight services, Lion Air uses four kinds aircraft. Three of them are Boeing, while the other one is Airbus. These four fleets were chosen because they feature efficient single and double aisles. The single-aisle aircraft is used to operate domestic flights, while the double aisle ones are used to operate international flights.

In December 2004, Lion Air was banned from operating in European airspace due to the European Commission’s concerns about the Indonesian Directorate General of Civil Aviation’s (DGCA) ability to provide proper regulatory oversight of the country’s airline industry. Since then, like a few other airlines of its kind, Lion Air has taken extra steps to improve its safety. As a result, in June 2016, the European Union lifted its ban, allowing Lion Air along with other Indonesia-based airlines to fly to EU countries. 

Lion Air’s efforts to keep improving its service and safety have been recognized by the international airline industry. In 2016, the airline received two awards from Skytrax for the categories World’s Best Low-cost Airlines Cabin and World’s Best Low-cost Premium Seat. The same year, Lion Air also received an ISSA certificate from IATA, which confirmed that the airline has met the international safety standard.

Lion Air offers a frequent flyer program known as Lion Air Passport for its loyal passengers. Lion Air Passport’s membership is divided into two types, which are Lion Passport Card (LPC) Blue and Gold. Both LPC Blue and Gold members can access Lion Air’s airport lounge called Lion King Lounge in Soekarno-Hatta International Airport, but only the LPC Gold members get an additional baggage allowance of 10 kg. The Lion Air Passport program also offers passengers a chance to fly for free by using the points they have earned. 

The points are accumulated from the number of miles a passenger has traveled with Lion Air, with every mile counted as a point. The more often people travel with Lion Air, the more points they will earn. If their points have reached a certain level, they can redeem it for certain rewards. These rewards come in various forms, from a checked baggage upgrade to a complimentary flight ticket. As Lion Air Passport members, passengers will be prioritized when checking-in and boarding.

In order to stay true to its meaning behind its slogan, which is to provide flight service with a competitively low fare, Lion Air has until today only operated two types of flight classes, which are Economy Class and Business Class. Economy Class passengers are allowed 15 kg of checked baggage when traveling on domestic flights, and 20 kg on international flights. Business Class passengers, on the other hand, are allowed 35 kg of checked baggage. In addition to checked baggage, each Lion Air passenger is allowed to carry one cabin baggage and one personal item on board, with the total weight not exceeding 7 kg.

Passengers are also provided with two options for check-in: to check-in directly at the airport counter or to check-in online. For domestic flights, the check-in counter at the airport will be closed 30 minutes before the departure, applicable to any class. Meanwhile, international flight passengers must arrive at the airport earlier, as the check-in counter will be closed 45 minutes before departure and the departure gate will be closed 15 minutes before take off. However, passengers can save their time by checking in online. Check-in is available from 24 hours before the flight schedule until four hours prior to departure.


Lion Air History


Founded on 19 October 1999, now Lion Air has become one of the largest low cost airlines in Indonesia. The Lion Air headquarter is located in Lion Air Tower, Jalan Gajah Mada No. 7, Jakarta, Indonesia. Lion Air has many hubs for its operation, one of them is Soekarno-Hatta International Airport, which is known as the largest international airport in Indonesia. Besides hubs, Lion Air also has focus cities, which include Banda Aceh, Banjarmasin, Denpasar, Medan, Padang, Palembang, Pekanbaru, Semarang, Tarakan, and Yogyakarta. 

Lion Air launched a subsidiary airline called Batik Air in 2013. Just like Lion Air, Batik Air is also a national low-cost airline in Indonesia. Still in the same year, Lion Air also teamed up with the Malaysian National Aerospace & Defence Industries Sdn Bhd to form a new company called Malindo Airways. 

Lion Air once grounded 13 planes due to a sanction caused by bad on-time performance (OTP). The airline had planned to join IATA, but failed due to safety concerns. Lion Air had been criticized for poor operational management in such areas as scheduling and safety, which caused its ban from operating in European airspace.

Nevertheless, Lion Air has taken some steps to improve its safety. In early 2016, Lion Air finally received a certificate from IATA. The European Union also lifted the ban it had placed on Lion Air from flying into European airspace in June 2016.

Today, Lion Air offers 183 flight routes to both domestic and international destinations. Domestically, Lion Air takes passengers to any destination in Indonesia, including Jakarta, Bengkulu, Jambi, Gorontalo, Fakfak, Kaimana, Kendair, Kupang, Makassar, Manado, Pekanbaru, Solo, Semarang, Ambon, Aceh, Balikpapan, Medan, Batam, and Jayapura. Meanwhile, internationally, Lion Air serves flights to Singapore, Ho Chi Minh City in Vietnam, Kuala Lumpur, and Penang. As well as Southeast Asia, Lion Air’s flight service also reaches Saudi Arabia and China. 

In the early days, Lion Air only operated one flight service that was from Jakarta to Pontianak using Boeing 737-200. In 2009, Lion Air decided to purchase new Boeing 747-400 to serve a flight service to Jeddah the next year. Two years later, in 2011, 201 units of Boeing 737 MAX and 29 units of Boeing 737-900ER were purchased to maximize its operation. Today, Lion Air’s fleet consists of a total of 112 Boeing and Airbus aircraft. It currently operates with Boeing 737-900ER, Boeing 737-800NG, Boeing 747-400, and Airbus A330-300. To accommodate the high demand for air transport, Lion Air  made the conscious decision to purchase these single-aisle and double-aisle commercial aircraft. The highly-efficient, single-aisle aircraft is used for domestic flights, while the double-aisle aircraft—which can accommodate more passengers—is dedicated for international flights. 

Lion Air first received Boeing 737-900ER in April 2007, with a special dual paint scheme that combined the Lion Air emblem on the vertical stabilizer and the Boeing design colors on the fuselage. The Boeing 737-900ER has a reduced carbon emission of 4%, allowing for a smaller carbon footprint every time it travels. That said, Lion Air is the first user of a Boeing hybrid aircraft in Asia. This aircraft can fly about 500 nautical miles farther, up to 3,200 nautical miles (5,925 km). The Boeing 737-900ER aircraft is configured to accommodate 215 Economy Class seats. Until today, Lion Air has owned 71 Boeing 737-900ER aircraft.

Satisfied with the fuel efficiency of Boeing 737-900ER, Lion Air began to operate Boeing 737-800 in 2012. The aircraft has a single-class configuration and can carry as many as 189 passengers. Lion Air now has already owned 32 units of Boeing 737-800NG. In addition to small-bodied aircraft, Lion Air has a Boeing 747-400 aircraft—the first large aircraft that it has ever owned. Brought in 2009, this Jumbo Jet aircraft has four engines and is able to fly at a speed of 909 km per hour for a maximum distance of 13,750 km to 15,000 km. Lion Air currently has two Boeing 747-400 aircraft, each with the capacity to carry up to 506 passengers.

Besides Boeing 747-400, Lion Air also owns Airbus A330-300, its latest fleet of wide-bodied aircraft. This aircraft uses the Rolls-Royce Trent 700 engines and is configured to carry as many as 440 passengers in a single class. Since November 2015, Lion Air has already owned three Airbus A330-300 aircraft to answer the high demands of Indonesia and Asia.




Contact Lion Air


(+6221) 6379 8000




Lion Air Office


Lion Air


Lion Air Tower
Jl. Gajah Mada no. 7
Jakarta Pusat 10130
Jakarta, Indonesia



Share














Register your email and enjoy up to 70% member-only discount!





Join




Customer Service
0804-1500-308
About Traveloka
How to Book
Contact Us
Help Center
Careers
Installment
Others
Blog
Newsletter Subscription
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Register Your Hotel
Traveloka Press Room
Products
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data
Attractions & Activities
Download Traveloka App
Payment Partners
Follow us on
Copyright © 2017 Traveloka
?
Need help?
evtbvsrwfq