Batik Air Online Booking - Get Batik Air Promotion and Cheap Flight Tickets on Traveloka
warning
This site needs Javascript. Please activate Javascript to continue.
Promos
Retrieve Booking
IDR
My Account
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data Packages
Attractions & Activities
Flights
Flight + Hotel
Save More!
Search cheap and promo Batik Air flight tickets here!
1
Flight Destination
2
Date of Flight
3
Search Flights
From:
To:
Departure:
One-way
Return
Adult
Child
Infant
Seat Class:
Search Flights
Save up to 20% on Flight + Hotel Packages. Book now!
1
Flight Details
2
Hotel Details
Search Packages


Overview
Service & Facilities
Policies
Flight Routes
Profile










Get the best Batik Air promotion and deals from Traveloka. Register your email and enjoy up to 70% member-only discount!







Join







Batik Air: An Introduction
Batik Air
is a low-cost airline that operates under its parent company, Lion Air. Founded in 2013, today Batik Air is able to connect passengers to more than 37 destinations across Asia Pacific. The airline operates up to 160 flights daily from its two main hubs in Jakarta, Soekarno-Hatta International Airport and Halim Perdanakusuma International Airport. Batik Air has received a certificate of On Time Performance (OTP) for its punctuality, making it the airline with the best OTP among other domestic airlines in Indonesia.



Overview

Batik Air Booking & E-ticket
Traveloka Airline Partners
Traveloka Official Payment Partners


Batik Air Booking & E-ticket

Search and book your Batik Air flight tickets online via Traveloka to get the best price and promotions.

How to Book
Here’s how you can book your Batik Air ticket online:

Go to
Traveloka website
or open your Traveloka App

Fill in the flight details in the search box

Choose and book your flight

Fill in contact information and passenger details

Complete your payment through the selected method

Receive your Batik Air e-ticket in
My Booking
or in your email




How to Pay
Payment for your Batik Air ticket can be made via bank transfer (ATM/SMS Banking/e-banking/bank teller), credit card, and Indomaret.

For complete information about payment methods, please visit
How to Pay
.



Batik Air E-ticket
Batik Air e-ticket is an eligible proof for booking an Batik Air flight. Show your e-ticket during check-in at the Batik Air counter at the airport, or use it for self check-in (at the airport or online), to get your boarding pass.

If you have not received your e-ticket within 60 minutes after payment is completed, please contact Traveloka Customer Service.


Traveloka Airline Partners - Domestic & International








Traveloka Official Payment Partners

























Service & Facilities

Batik Air Rating
Batik Air Seat Class
Batik Air Privilege Programs
Batik Air Fleet
Batik Air In-flight Crew


Batik Air Rating



based on
17 reviews

Service standard:
Full Service





Batik Air Seat Class


Economy Class


Batik Air Economy Class passengers are entitled to a complimentary baggage allowance of 20 kg and a maximum cabin baggage of 7 kg. The passengers’ comfort during flight is guaranteed by a spacious 32-inch (around 81 cm) legroom for each Economy Class seat. Batik Air also provides in-flight entertainment with various content, such as movies, music, and games. Passengers can access them through the LCD screen in their seat. Moreover, each Batik Air Economy Class seat is equipped with USB and power outlets.




In-flight Meal

All Batik Air Economy Class passengers get to enjoy an in-flight meal service, but the menu varies according to flight routes. For short-haul flights, Batik Air offers a selection of snacks and mineral water, while for long-haul flights, it serves specially prepared meals. Nevertheless, if the passengers of short-haul flights want to enjoy the main dining menu during their flight, they can order and purchase it directly onboard.





Business Class


The Batik Air Business Class comes with many benefits. Passengers get not only a complimentary baggage allowance of up to 30 kg and a wider seat with a 45-inch (around 114 cm) legroom, but also an exclusive service with a priority check-in counter where they will be assisted by the airline’s personal ambassadors during check-in and at the immigration counter, as well as when they have other concerns. Once the passengers are settled in their Business Class seats, they can enjoy the airline’s in-flight entertainment which offers the most updated list of movies, music, and games, and charge their mobile devices via the provided USB port. Passengers who depart from Terminal 1C of the Soekarno-Hatta International Airport also get access to Batik Air Business Class Lounge.




In-flight Meal

The Batik Air Business Class in-flight meal consists of a wide array of dishes from snacks to main courses. Some of the snacks, such as pastel and lemper, are what commonly found at an Indonesian traditional market, while the main courses on long-haul flights include signature Indonesian delicacies such as white rice with fried chicken and stir-fry tempeh. Additionally, passengers will get a bowl of salad, a cup of ice cream, and a selection of drinks, from coffee and tea to fruit juices.




Batik Air Privilege Programs





BatikMiles

To appreciate its loyal customers, Batik Air offers BatikMiles, a frequent flyer program offering a variety of exclusive privileges. BatikMiles members will get to earn miles, which can be redeemed for free flights, enjoy exclusive rewards, and get exciting benefits and privileges offered by Batik Air’s partners. There are at least two membership tiers in BatikMiles, which include Batik Silver and Batik Gold. Both come with different benefits. Batik Silver members can earn points from eligible flights, redeem miles for Award Ticket, redeem miles for Upgrade Award, and get a luggage tag. Meanwhile, Batik Gold members will receive an additional baggage allowance of 10 kg, priority boarding, and preferred seating in addition to the benefits received by Batik Silver members. The BatikMiles membership is a lifetime membership, but the membership card is only valid for five years and miles earned are valid for 12 months from the date of accumulation. Passengers can visit
miles.batikair.com
and sign up for membership there for free.


Batik Air Lounge

To ensure maximum comfort for its customers before boarding, Batik Air provides an airport lounge. Batik Air lounge is located in Terminal 1C of Soekarno-Hatta International Airport and can only be accessed by Business Class passengers. In this airport lounge, passengers can relax, grab a drink, have a quick lunch, and squeeze in some work with its fast WiFi connection, not to mention enjoy a great selection of entertainment, from television and newspapers to magazines. Batik Air Lounge helps passengers feel refreshed before they continue their flight.





Batik Air Fleet



Boeing 777-300ER


Seat class:

Economy

Business


Seat layout:

3-3 (Economy)

2-2 (Business)


Seat pitch:

32 inches (Economy)

45 inches (Business)


In-flight entertainment:
Available

WiFi:
Not Available

Power/USB port:
Available








Batik Air In-flight Crew





Batik Air Flight Attendant Uniform

The Batik Air flight attendant uniform stays true to its name: batik. The uniform consists of a red and purple-colored
jarik
(an Indonesian traditional long pencil skirt) with Kang Manado batik pattern from North Sulawesi—a nod to one of the province’s seaside towns—and a white
kebaya
top. At a glance, the Batik Air flight attendant uniform may look quite simple, but it is actually very elegant and sophisticated.



Policies

Batik Air Baggage Allowance
Batik Air Passenger Policy
Batik Air Check-in Policy
Batik Air Refund Policy
Batik Air Reschedule Policy


Batik Air Baggage Allowance




Flight Route
Seat Class
Cabin Baggage
Check-in Baggage




All routes

Economy Class

Max. 7 kg 
(Dimension: 40 x 20 x 30 cm)

Max. 20 kg

Business Class

Max. 30 kg



Batik Air Passenger Policy


Infant Passenger Policy (0-2 Years Old)


Batik Air reserves the right not to carry infants younger than 2 days old on board.

Infants aged between 3 to 7 days old require a medical certificate confirming they are fit to travel on air transport.

The medical certificate must be issued 72 hours or three days before the standard departure time.

Infant traveling on Batik Air must have the Form of Indemnity signed by the parents.

Infants without a seat are not entitled to checked baggage.

Instant food and a carrying basket are allowed on board free of charge.

The flight fare for infants may vary, depending on the routes.

Passengers traveling with an infant cannot check-in online and must check-in at the airport.





Child Passenger Policy (2-12 Years Old)


Children younger than 12 years old are not permitted onboard without an adult companion.

Child passengers will be charged the full adult ticket fare.

For children flying alone, their parents must inform reservations that their children will be traveling alone and require service.

Parents must accompany child passengers during check-in. Online check-in is not allowed.





Pregnant Passenger Policy


Passengers who are 28 to 35 weeks pregnant are allowed to travel with Batik Air if they can produce a valid medical letter from a doctor stating they are fit to travel. The medical letter must be submitted during check-in at the airport.

Passengers who are over 28 weeks pregnant are also required to sign the Form of Indemnity (FOI) from Batik Air before departure.





Disabled Passenger Policy


Passengers with special needs must inform Batik Air about their condition during booking.

Batik Air may require a passenger with special needs or disability to travel with an assistant. The airline will refuse transport of any passengers whose actions or inactions prove their mental or physical incapability to care for themselves without assistance.

Batik Air allows passengers to carry their own wheelchair or other disability assistive devices as long as they fulfill the safety requirements.



Batik Air Check-in Policy


Batik Air Check-in Time

Please find the check-in time for all Batik Air flights on the table below. Check-in time may vary if your flight is operated by a partner airline. Please check your e-ticket to ensure.



Flight Route

Recommended Check-in Time

Check-in Time Limit




Domestic

1 hour before departure

45 minutes before departure
International

1 hour 30 minutes before departure

30 minutes before departure





Batik Air Online Check-in

Online check-in is also available for Batik flights. Please follow the steps below.

Go to
Batik Air web check-in page

Enter your booking code, or other booking details, as instructed

Complete your check-in details

Save and/or print your boarding pass




Batik Air Refund Policy

In general, refunds are permitted for personal reasons (self-cancellation, sickness, pregnancy, or death of a passenger), cancellation/rescheduling by the airline, force majeure, or double booking. However, different airlines have different policies regarding acceptable refund reasons. Please visit
Batik Air Refund Policy
for a complete information on refund.
How to Refund




Batik Air Reschedule Policy

You can easily change your flight schedule and itinerary using Easy Reschedule. Some airlines allow changes to date, time, route, and airline, while some only allow changes to date and time. 

Please refer to
Batik Air Reschedule Terms & Conditions
to find the complete guide to rescheduling your flight. If your flight is not eligible for Easy Reschedule, please contact Batik Air directly to reschedule.
How to Reschedule




Flight Routes

Batik Air Schedule
Batik Air Destinations
Batik Air Popular Routes
Popular Hotels



Batik Air Destinations



Java


Bandung

Banyuwangi

Jakarta

Jakarta

Malang

Semarang

Solo

Surabaya

Yogyakarta

Jember




Sumatra


Banda Aceh

Bandar Lampung

Batam

Bengkulu

Gunung Sitoli

Jambi

Lhokseumawe

Medan

Meulaboh

Natuna

Padang

Palembang

Bangka / Pangkal Pinang

Pekanbaru

Sibolga

Silangit

Belitung / Tanjung Pandan

Bintan / Tanjung Pinang

Lubuk Linggau

Sabang

Dumai

Simeulue




Borneo


Balikpapan

Banjarmasin

Berau

Ketapang

Kotabaru

Palangkaraya

Pangkalan Bun

Pontianak

Putussibau

Sampit

Sintang

Tanjung Selor

Tarakan




Sulawesi


Bau-Bau, Buton

Gorontalo

Kendari

Luwuk

Makassar

Mamuju

Manado

Naha

Palu

Pomala

Poso

Talaud

Wakatobi

Tolitoli

Muna / Raha

Buol

Selayar




Bali & Lesser Sunda Is.


Alor

Bima

Bali / Denpasar

Ende

Kupang

Labuan Bajo

Lombok

Maumere

Sumbawa Besar

Waikabubak

Waingapu

Atambua

Bajawa

Larantuka




Moluccas & Papua


Ambon

Biak

Buli, Maba

Fak Fak

Jayapura

Kaimana

Langgur-Kei

Manokwari

Merauke

Nabire

Sorong

Ternate

Timika

Tobelo

Wamena

Morotai Island

Galela

Saumlaki




Australia


Perth




China


Shanghai

Shenzhen

Changsa




Hong Kong


Hong Kong




Malaysia


Johor Bahru

Kuching

Kuala Lumpur

Kuala Lumpur-Subang

Kota Kinabalu

Langkawi

Malacca

Penang

Alor Setar

Ipoh

Kerteh

Kota Bharu

Kuala Terengganu

Miri

Tawau




Myanmar


Yangon




Singapore


Singapore




Taiwan


Taipei




Thailand


Bangkok

Chiang Mai

Hat Yai

Krabi

Phuket

Surat Thani

Udon Thani

Chiang Rai

Ubon Ratchathani




Vietnam


Hanoi

Ho Chi Minh City




Saudi Arabia


Jeddah




India


Kochi

New Delhi

Mumbai

Tiruchirappalli (Trichy)

Visakhapatnam (Vizag)

Chennai




Bangladesh


Chittagong

Dhaka




Nepal


Kathmandu




Sri Lanka


Colombo



Batik Air Popular Routes

Jakarta – Denpasar Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Surabaya Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Singapore Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Malang Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Yogyakarta Flight Tickets
Yogyakarta – Singapore Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Medan Flight Tickets
Surabaya – Jakarta Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Lombok Flight Tickets
Popular Hotels

Hotels in Jakarta
Hotels in Bali
Hotels in Yogyakarta
Hotels in Malang
Hotels in Bandung
Hotels in Singapore
Hotels in Bogor
Hotels in Surabaya
Hotels in Semarang



Profile

About Batik Air
Batik Air History
Contact Batik Air

About Batik Air


Batik Air (IATA code: ID)
is known as the “new kid on the block”, because it was founded only in 2013. The first flight was operated in May 2013 from Jakarta to Manado. Batik Air is one of the subsidiaries of Lion Air, also a national low-cost carrier founded by PT Lion Mentari Airlines in 1999. With the slogan “Journey Begins”, Batik Air is committed to providing as many flight operations as it can, from domestic routes to international ones, such as Singapore, Australia, and India. The airline is determined to help passengers get to their destinations with the best flight service it can possibly offer. Today, Batik Air operates with 41 fleets, four times larger than when it first operated a few years ago. Now, Batik Air serves 226 flights daily.

Listed under IATA Operational Safety Audit (IOSA) since November 2016, Batik Air has met all requirements to operate international flights. These include flights to Kolkata, Chennai, and Mumbai, three of the biggest cities in India. Besides India and various cities in Indonesia, Batik Air also offers flights to Australia, China, the Philippines, Malaysia, Singapore, Saudi Arabia, and Qatar. Back in January 2016, Batik Air received an IATA Standard Safety Assessment (ISSA) certificate. ISSA is an IATA Operational Safety Audit program, which performs audit to airline companies on several factors. Generally, those factors include organization system, management system, flight operation, aircraft and its machine maintenance, cabin and cargo, and operational safety.

This certificate clearly shows that Batik Air had been recognized for its improvement in serving great quality service, resulting in the European Union (EU) lifting its ban on Batik Air and Lion Air to fly to any European country. This allows Batik Air to expand its flight routes, especially the international ones. Batik Air’s expansion plan is supported by the fact that the airline has a great On Time Performance (OTP) record. The airline has received a certificate awarding its punctuality, cementing their place at the top of the list of airlines with the best OTP. Batik Air has operated 23,366 on-time flights, which is 91% of the total flights it operates. This proves that Batik Air is fully committed to giving the best flight service to all of its passengers.

In operating its flight on a daily basis, Batik Air offers two types of flight classes, Economy Class and Business Class. Each Economy Class passenger is entitled to a complimentary baggage allowance of 20 kg and a maximum cabin baggage of 7 kg. The passengers’ comfort during the flight is guaranteed by a spacious 32-inch (around 81 cm) legroom at each Economy Class seat. Batik Air also provides in-flight entertainment with various contents, such as movies, music, and games. Passengers can access them through an LCD screen in front of their seat. Moreover, the Batik Air Economy Class is also equipped with USB and power outlets. 

On the other hand, the Batik Air Business Class comes with even more benefits. Passengers get not only a complimentary baggage allowance of 30 kg and a wider seat with a 45-inch (around 114 cm) legroom, but also an exclusive service including a priority check-in counter where they will be assisted by Batik Air personal ambassadors, who will help them during check-in, at immigration counter, and when they have other concerns. Once passengers are settled in their Business Class seats, they can enjoy in-flight entertainment featuring the most updated movies, music, and games, and charge their electronic devices using the provided USB port. 

Passengers departing from Terminal 1C Soekarno-Hatta International Airport have access to Batik Air Business Class Lounge, where they can relax, grab a drink, have a quick lunch, and squeeze in some work, thanks to the fast WiFi connection. They can also enjoy a great selection of entertainment, from television and newspapers, to magazines. Batik Air Lounge helps passengers feel refreshed before they continue their flight.

To appreciate its loyal customers, Batik Air offers BatikMiles, a frequent flyer program with a bunch of exclusive privileges. BatikMiles members get to earn miles, which is redeemable for free flights and comes with exclusive rewards as well as exciting benefits and privileges offered by Batik Air’s partners. There are two membership tiers in BatikMiles, Batik Silver and Batik Gold, each offering different benefits. Batik Silver members can earn points from eligible flights, redeem miles for Award Ticket, redeem miles for Upgrade Award, and get their luggage tagged. Batik Gold members, on the other hand, get a complimentary additional baggage allowance of 10 kg, priority boarding, and seating preference in addition to the benefits offered to Batik Silver members. The BatikMiles membership is a lifetime membership, but the membership card is valid only for five years and miles earned are valid for 12 months from the date of accumulation. To join as a member of BatikMiles, passengers can visit miles.batikair.com and sign up for free.

For Batik Air domestic flights, check-in starts from two hours prior to departure and closes 30 minutes before departure. This applies to passengers of all classes. Meanwhile for international flights, check-in starts from two hours prior to departure and closes 45 minutes before departure. This also applies to all classes of passengers. Passengers can also check-in online via Batik Air website. In order to maintain schedule, the boarding gate will be closed 15 minutes before departure time. Passengers who fail to report at the boarding gate at the requested boarding time will not be allowed to board the flight and will be considered as no-show.


Batik Air History


Like its parent company, Lion Air, Batik Air is an Indonesian low-cost carrier. Seeing the high demand of Lion Air, PT Lion Air Mentari Airlines CEO Rusdi Kirana made the decision to build a new full-service airline. Batik Air was launched in March 2013. Operating its first flight service in May 2013, Batik Air flew from Jakarta to Manado with Lion Air’s Boeing 737-900ER. Today, Batik Air offers more than 36 destinations across Indonesia, including Java, Sumatra, Kalimantan, Sulawesi, Bali, Maluku, Nusa Tenggara, and Papua. Batik Air operates its flight service from two hubs in Jakarta, Soekarno-Hatta International Airport and Halim Perdanakusuma International Airport, with such focus destination cities as Manado (Sam Ratulangi International Airport), Pekanbaru (Sultan Syarif Kasim II International Airport), and Palembang (Sultan Mahmud Baharuddin II International Airport).

On the early days, Batik Air began its flight service with only 10 Boeing 737-900ER aircrafts. Following the rebranding of Malindo Air (also a subsidiary airline from Lion Air) into Batik Air Malaysia, Lion Air decided to transfer all of Batik Air’s Boeing 737 to Malindo Air. As a result, Batik Air became an all-Airbus A320 operator. In addition to Airbus A320, Batik Air also operated its flight service using Airbus A321neo and Airbus A321LR.

At first, Batik Air was only meant to serve domestic flights. However, due to high demand, it started to serve international flights. Unfortunately, this expansion plan did not go as smoothly as planned. A few years ago, the European Union (EU) banned more than 50 Indonesian airlines, including Batik Air, from flying to any European country. It was not a good moment for Batik Air, especially because the airline was quite new to the industry. Nevertheless, the policy only encouraged Batik Air to keep improving its service quality to all passengers. The effort finally paid off in 2016, when Batik Air was named airline with the best On Time Performance (OTP). This accolade was only the airline’s greatest milestones. 

Next, Batik Air decided to sign up for IATA Operational Safety Audit (IOSA), which performs audit to airline companies on certain sectors. Batik Air successfully passed this audit program and thus received IATA Standard Safety Assessment (ISSA), proving the airline’s seriousness about the safety of its passengers. In light of this, EU lifted its ban and Batik Air was able to expand to new international routes, such as Mumbai, Kolkata, and Chennai—three of the biggest cities in India. Flights to those cities depart from Soekarno-Hatta International Airport, with one flight frequency per day. Batik Air also has plans to open new flight routes to China, especially to the cities of Shenzen and Guangzhou. Besides ISSA, Batik Air has also received the Air Operator Certificate (AOC) from the Australian airline authority, Civil Aviation Safety Authority (CASA), which opens up a new opportunity for Batik Air to fly to Australia.

Still, the plans to serve more international routes have yet to materialize. These international flights would fly from I Gusti Ngurah Rai International Airport in Denpasar, Bali, but—despite having international airports in cities like Perth, Kuala Lumpur, and Chennai agreed to open a slot time for the airline—the slot time at I Gusti Ngurah Rai International Airport had not been available. Batik Air General Director Capt. Achmad Luthfie said that he and his team are handling this matter so that the airline can start to operate the Denpasar-Kuala Lumpur-Chennai flight route, round-trip once a day, followed by the Denpasar-Perth route, also round-trip. On the other hand, the Indonesian Government has established the Indonesia Airport Slot Management (IASM), which aims to optimize airport performance, airline business entities, and international airline companies. Moreover, IASM also assists airline business entities and international airline companies in requesting slot time requests.

This global expansion is part of Batik Air’s efforts to support the Indonesian president’s tourism program, which aims to increase the number of foreign tourists in Indonesia to 20 million in 2019. To serve all the above destinations, Batik Air now operates 225 flight frequencies daily. This year, Batik Air is planning to further expand its international flights. To support this expansion plan, the airline will be purchasing four brand new Airbus A320 aircrafts with 156 seats, and will be using Boeing 737-900ER with 180 seats and Boeing 737-800 with 162 seats.




Contact Batik Air


(+6221) 6379 8000




Batik Air Office


Batik Air


Lion Air Tower
Jl. Gajah Mada no. 7
Jakarta Pusat 10130
Jakarta, Indonesia



Share














Register your email and enjoy up to 70% member-only discount!





Join




Customer Service
0804-1500-308
About Traveloka
How to Book
Contact Us
Help Center
Careers
Installment
Others
Blog
Newsletter Subscription
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Register Your Hotel
Traveloka Press Room
Products
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data
Attractions & Activities
Download Traveloka App
Payment Partners
Follow us on
Copyright © 2017 Traveloka
?
Need help?
evtbvsrwfq