Philippine Airlines Online Booking - Get Philippine Airlines Promotion and Cheap Flight Tickets on Traveloka
warning
This site needs Javascript. Please activate Javascript to continue.
Promos
Retrieve Booking
IDR
My Account
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data Packages
Attractions & Activities
Search cheap and promo Philippine Airlines flight tickets here!
Flight Destination
From:
To:
Date of Flight
Departure:

One-way
Return
Return:

Search Flights
No. of Passengers:
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
0
1
2
3
4
Seat Class:
Economy
Search Flights
<div id="smartCari">Search +</div> Auto-search


Overview
Service & Facilities
Policies
Flight Routes
Profile










Get the best Philippine Airlines promotion and deals from Traveloka. Register your email and enjoy up to 70% member-only discount!







Join







Philippine Airlines: An Introduction
Serving passengers since 1941,
Philippine Airlines
is the first and oldest successful commercial airline in Asia. Still operating under its original name, Philippine Airlines serves domestic and international flights to 77 destinations in East Asia, Southeast Asia, Europe, the Middle East, North America, and Oceania. Philippine Airlines offers flying experience in three flight classes, which are Fiesta Class, Premium Economy, and Mabuhay Class.



Overview

Philippine Airlines Booking & E-ticket
Traveloka Airline Partners
Traveloka Official Payment Partners


Philippine Airlines Booking & E-ticket

Search and book your Philippine Airlines flight tickets online via Traveloka to get the best price and promotions.

How to Book
Here’s how you can book your Philippine Airlines ticket online:

Go to
Traveloka website
or open your Traveloka App

Fill in the flight details in the search box

Choose and book your flight

Fill in contact information and passenger details

Complete your payment through the selected method

Receive your Philippine Airlines e-ticket in
My Booking
or in your email




How to Pay
Payment for your Philippine Airlines ticket can be made via bank transfer (ATM/SMS Banking/e-banking/bank teller), credit card, and Indomaret.
For complete information about payment methods, please visit
How to Pay
.



Philippine Airlines E-ticket
Philippine Airlines e-ticket is an eligible proof for booking an Philippine Airlines flight. Show your e-ticket during check-in at the Philippine Airlines counter at the airport, or use it for self check-in (at the airport or online), to get your boarding pass.

If you have not received your e-ticket within 60 minutes after payment is completed, please contact Traveloka Customer Service.


Traveloka Airline Partners - Domestic & International








Traveloka Official Payment Partners

























Service & Facilities

Philippine Airlines Rating
Philippine Airlines Seat Class
Philippine Airlines Privilege Programs
Philippine Airlines Fleet
Philippine Airlines In-flight Crew


Philippine Airlines Rating



based on
415 reviews

Service standard:
Full Service





Philippine Airlines Seat Class


Fiesta Class


Philippine Airlines’ Fiesta Class, equivalent to the economy class, offers a great price deal, comfortable cabin, and high-quality service.  This class provides comfortable Weber seats, complete with a front tray table, a video screen and an audio entertainment system by Panasonic eX2 Entertainment System. The new seats offer adjustable seat pan, which can be raised forward or upward to increase comfort. The interior features tropical color scheme and patterns, with blue and terracotta palettes on its chairs, carpet and curtains, complete with undulating patterns.




In-flight Meal

Passengers in Fiesta Class will be offered a selection of local and fusion dishes, complete with alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverage options. Alcoholic beverages served in this class include whiskey, gin, vodka, brandy, red wine, white wine, and beer. Snacks are also available for flights longer than 45 minutes, except on Q300 and Q400 aircraft.





Premium Economy Class


Premium Economy Class is available only on Philippine Airlines’ A321 and selected A330 aircraft. In terms of design, the seats in Premium Economy Class are similar to the ones in Fiesta Class, but with 4 – 5 inches more legroom, providing passengers with a total legroom of 34 – 36 inches. On some flights, Premium Economy Class passengers are also provided with complimentary iPads.




In-flight Meal

Philippine Airlines regularly partners with celebrity chefs or culinary figures to provide special meals for its passengers at the Food Festivals in the Sky event. Similar to meals in Fiesta Class, Premium Economy Class passengers can choose from a selection of traditional and fusion cuisines, complete with a selection of beverages from juices to vodka.




Mabuhay Class


Mabuhay Class, or Philippine Airlines’ business class, offers the ultimate in-flight comfort with reclining seats, Panasonic eX2 Entertainment System, and personal touch-screen TV. Passengers can use the laptop charging port, reading light, and USB port for a more personalized in-flight entertainment. Entertainment options include Hollywood movies, local Philippine movies, various music albums, and at least 12 radio channels. The interior is designed luxuriously with deep blue palette and silver details.




In-flight Meal

Philippine Airlines provide high-quality meals with options of Western, Japanese, and Philippine dishes, made with the freshest ingredients. Compared to the economy or premium economy class, passengers have more alcoholic beverage options, including rum, cognac, cocktails, aperitifs, and champagne. Philippine Airlines also partners with culinary figures or celebrity chefs to provide a special meal during its Food Festivals in the Sky event.






Philippine Airlines Privilege Programs





Mabuhay Miles

Philippine Airlines offers a frequent flyer program called Mabuhay Miles, open for any passenger older than 2 years old. Mabuhay Miles allow members to earn points every time they embark in domestic and international flights, both with Philippine Airlines and other flight partners, such as All Nippon Airlines (ANA) and Etihad Airlines. Points can be redeemed for a class upgrade, merchandises, ticket discounts, car rentals, hotels, and many more. Passengers can also earn points when they shop at the Sky Boutique online store. In addition, members of Mabuhay Miles Elite and above are granted access to the airport lounge.


Airport Lounge

Business Class passengers and Mabuhay Miles members flying domestic and international flights are eligible for access to airport lounges. Passengers can enjoy facilities such as internet connection, light meals, beverages, flat-screen TV with various channels and video options, and even massage services. Passengers can also charge their gadgets or catch up on their work using such business facilities as fax machine, telephone, and computer. Philippine Airlines’ domestic lounges are spread across several airports in Manila, Davao, General Santos, and Cebu, while its international lounges can be found in airports in Abu Dhabi, Dubai, Bali, Bangkok, Singapore, Hong Kong, New York, Los Angeles, Melbourne, Sydney, Nagoya, and Osaka.





Philippine Airlines Fleet



Airbus A321-231


Seat class:

Fiesta

Premium Economy

Mabuhay


Seat layout:

3-3 (Fiesta)

3-3 (Premium Economy)

2-2 (Mabuhay)


Seat pitch:

30 inches (Fiesta)

34 inches (Premium Economy)

37 inches (Mabuhay)


In-flight entertainment:
Available

WiFi:
Available

Power/USB port:
Not Available





Boeing 777-300ER


Seat class:

Fiesta

Mabuhay


Seat layout:

3-4-3 (Fiesta)

2-3-2 (Mabuhay)


Seat pitch:

33 inches (Fiesta)

78 inches (Mabuhay)


In-flight entertainment:
Available

WiFi:
Not Available

Power/USB port:
Not Available






Philippine Airlines In-flight Crew





Philippine Airlines Flight Attendant Uniform

Philippine Airlines’ flight attendants wear a combination of a tailored white shirt and khaki-colored suit and pants or knee-length skirt. The uniform is paired with a neatly-tied red, white, and blue scarf. The beautiful yet practical design helps flight attendants to be more responsive and swift in serving all passengers without abandoning the visual statement of Philippine Airlines and its national pride.



Policies

Philippine Airlines Baggage Allowance
Philippine Airlines Passenger Policy
Philippine Airlines Check-in Policy
Philippine Airlines Refund Policy
Philippine Airlines Reschedule Policy


Philippine Airlines Baggage Allowance




Flight Route
Seat Class
Cabin Baggage
Check-in Baggage




Domestic

Fiesta Class

Max. 7 kg 
(Dimension: max. 115 cm)

Max. 20 kg

Premium Economy Class

Max. 25 kg


Mabuhay Class

Max. 30 kg


All flights to Southeast Asia

Fiesta Class

Max. 30 kg
Mabuhay Class

Max. 40 kg


All flights to Korea

Fiesta Class

Max. 20 kg
Mabuhay Class

Max. 30 kg

All flights to Japan

Fiesta Class

2 pcs (max. 23 kg/pc)

Mabuhay Class

2 pcs (max. 32 kg/pc)



Philippine Airlines Passenger Policy


Infant Passenger Policy (0-2 Years Old)


For safety reasons, infants younger than 16 days old are not allowed onboard.

Infants under 2 years old are listed as “no seat” passengers. Parents or guardians do not need to reserve individual seats for them, and they can list the infants through their online reservations.

Philippine Airlines have a One-Infant-Per-Adult policy. Adult passengers do not need to pay for an individual seat for an infant, but each adult can only have one infant on their lap or in their arms.

Baby bassinets are available in all Philippine Airlines aircraft except Q300, Q400, A320 and A321, but only for three-hour or longer flights. Passengers must make a reservation for baby bassinet at least 24 hours before departure time.

Infant passengers flying from the Philippines to the US, Canada or Guam get an additional baggage allowance of 10 kg and one collapsible stroller or chair, as long as the infant pays at least 10% of the adult passenger’s fare.

Infant passengers flying from the Philippines to countries other than the US, Canada or Guam get an additional baggage allowance of 7 kg and one collapsible stroller or chair, as long as the infant pays at least 10% of the adult passenger’s fare.

Philippine Airlines does not provide special food for infants. Parents are advised to prepare baby food themselves, especially if the infant is allergic or requires special food due to health reasons.

If an infant passenger has a chronic illness or other specific health conditions that require special attention, parents or guardians must inform the airline during booking.

Philippine Airlines are not responsible for any possible relapse of chronic conditions, or any situations beyond the airline’s control.





Child Passenger Policy (2-12 Years Old)


Child passengers aged 2 years and above must book individual seats for safety reasons. The standard child seat fare applies for such passengers.

If an infant turns 2 years old by the date of the return flight, parents or guardians are required to confirm the scheduling, seat reservation, and additional fare, and pay for the standard child seat fare for the return flight.

Child passengers must be accompanied by an adult aged at least 18 years. Anyone under 18 is not counted as a companion for a child on a flight unless under specific reasons approved by the airline.

Children accompanied by adults other than parents must carry lawful letters and documents explaining the parents’ absence, which includes such as cases as sickness, death, and immigration problems.

Only children between 8 and 12 years old are allowed to travel without a company, but they must provide special clearance, valid reasons, and permit.

Unaccompanied minor passengers need to apply using Davao City Children's Welfare Code (DSWD) form, which is compliant with the most current Philippine regulation. Parents or guardians can download the form at DSWD’s official website:
https://www.DSWD.gov.ph

Philippine Airlines applies an additional fee for every unaccompanied minor.

Philippine Airlines requires the Unaccompanied Minor passenger to be picked up according to the prior arrangement between the airline and parents or guardians. If no one picks up the Unaccompanied Minor, the child will be flown back to the origin city, and parents or guardians must pay the fare.

Parents or guardians must provide details about the meeting party for the unaccompanied minor and submit the information to Philippine Airlines reservation office. The information includes the place of meeting, time, and description or identity of the pick-up party.

All the documents and lawful letters required of the unaccompanied minor passengers must be submitted to the Philippine Airlines.

If a child passenger has health problems or specific conditions that require special care, parents or guardians need to inform the airline during booking.





Pregnant Passenger Policy


Pregnant passengers are required to fill the Expectant Mother Information Sheet (EMIS) form, which  can be downloaded in the Philippine Airlines official website, and submit it to the nearest Philippine Airlines ticket office.

Passengers within 24 weeks of pregnancy with no complications or special conditions that need extra care are allowed onboard after filling in the EMIS Form Part 1 and do not require medical clearance.

Passengers within 24 to 32 weeks of pregnancy with no complications or health problems are required to have her personal doctor or physician fill in EMIS Form Part 2.

Passengers beyond their 32 weeks of pregnancy are required to have their EMIS Form Part 3 be filled by the Company Physician or Flight Surgeon.

Each EMIS form is valid for only seven days after the date of form issuance. All pregnant passengers must always fill in the form before flying with Philippine Airlines.

Pregnant passengers younger than 21 years old must bring a letter of consent from the parent, legal guardian, or husband.

If a pregnant passenger has complications or specific conditions that can affect her pregnancy, she must confirm with the airline and OB/GYN doctor prior to booking.





Disabled Passenger Policy


Philippine Airlines provides wheelchair service for elderly and disabled passengers during departure and arrival, complete with an escort. The escort will still be available even for passengers who bring their own wheelchairs.

Wheelchair and escort services are only available to transport passengers from the departure area to the plane or from the plane to the arrival area. The service is not available for personal errands, such as shopping at a duty-free shop.

Wheelchair service can be requested at every Philippine Airlines ticket counter or reservation office. The airline will only serve passengers who have made prior wheelchair orders to the airline.

Medical Information Form (MEDIF), which can be downloaded in the Philippine Airlines official website, is required for wheelchair service.

The MEDIF must be filled and submitted at least three working days before departure. All information about the passengers must be accurate and true.

Passengers who carry their own wheelchairs must confirm with the airline during booking. The wheelchair must be folded, secured and stored in upright position.

Passengers must make sure that the wheelchair is safe from fire hazards. The battery must be attached securely, and the battery terminal must be insulated.

Philippine Airlines categorizes wheelchairs with easily-spilled batteries as dangerous. This type of wheelchair can be carried to the plane under a very specific condition, and with restrictions.

For safety reasons, the airline may limit the type of wheelchair passengers can bring onto the plane. Make sure to confirm with the airline before deciding to carry any type of wheelchair.



Philippine Airlines Check-in Policy


Philippine Airlines Check-in Time

Please find the check-in time for all Philippine Airlines flights on the table below. Check-in time may vary if your flight is operated by a partner airline. Please check your e-ticket to ensure.



Flight Route

Recommended Check-in Time

Check-in Time Limit




Domestic

2 hours before departure

45 minutes before departure
International

3 hours  before departure






Philippine Airlines Online Check-in

Online check-in is also available for Philippine Airlines flights. Please follow the steps below.

Go to
Philippine Airlines web check-in page

Enter your booking code, or other booking details, as instructed

Complete your check-in details

Save and/or print your boarding pass




Philippine Airlines Refund Policy

In general, refunds are permitted for personal reasons (self-cancellation, sickness, pregnancy, or death of a passenger), cancellation/rescheduling by the airline, force majeure, or double booking. However, different airlines have different policies regarding acceptable refund reasons. Please visit
Philippine Airlines Refund Policy
for a complete information on refund.
How to Refund




Philippine Airlines Reschedule Policy

You can easily change your flight schedule and itinerary using Easy Reschedule. Some airlines allow changes to date, time, route, and airline, while some only allow changes to date and time. 

Please refer to
Philippine Airlines Reschedule Term & Conditions
to find the complete guide to rescheduling your flight. If your flight is not eligible for Easy Reschedule, please contact Philippine Airlines directly to reschedule.
How to Reschedule




Flight Routes

Philippine Airlines Schedule
Philippine Airlines Destinations
Philippine Airlines Popular Routes
Popular Hotels



Philippine Airlines Destinations



Java


Jakarta




Bali & Lesser Sunda Is.


Bali / Denpasar




Australia


Brisbane

Cairns

Darwin

Melbourne

Sydney




China


Beijing

Guangzhou

Shanghai

Xiamen




Hong Kong


Hong Kong




Japan


Nagoya

Osaka

Tokyo

Tokyo

Fukuoka




Macau


Macau




Malaysia


Kuala Lumpur




Philippines


Bacolod

Cebu

Clark - Pampanga

Iloilo

Kalibo - Boracay

Manila

Puerto Princesa - Palawan

Tacloban




Singapore


Singapore




South Korea


Seoul

Busan




Taiwan


Taipei




Thailand


Bangkok




Vietnam


Ho Chi Minh City




Saudi Arabia


Jeddah




United Arab Emirates


Abu Dhabi




United Kingdom


London




New Zealand


Auckland



Philippine Airlines Popular Routes

Jakarta – Denpasar Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Surabaya Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Singapore Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Malang Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Yogyakarta Flight Tickets
Yogyakarta – Singapore Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Medan Flight Tickets
Surabaya – Jakarta Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Lombok Flight Tickets
Popular Hotels

Hotels in Jakarta
Hotels in Bali
Hotels in Yogyakarta
Hotels in Malang
Hotels in Bandung
Hotels in Singapore
Hotels in Bogor
Hotels in Surabaya
Hotels in Semarang



Profile

About Philippine Airlines
Philippine Airlines History
Contact Philippine Airlines

About Philippine Airlines


Philippine Airlines (IATA Code: PR)
is one of the leading flag carriers in Southeast Asia, serving both passengers and cargo. Headquartered in Pasay, Philippine Airlines has its main hub at Ninoy Aquino International Airport in Manila. The airport’s secondary hubs are located in Clark International Airport in Angeles City and Mactan – Cebu International Airport on Mactan Island. Philippine Airlines is the only airline in the Philippines that has earned safety accreditation status from the International Air Transport Association (IATA).

With 54 aircraft in its fleet, Philippine Airlines currently serves flights to 31 domestic and 46 international destinations across 25 countries around the world, including the United States, Canada, Australia, Japan, China, India, Indonesia, Korea, Malaysia, United Arab Emirates, Spain, Switzerland, and many more. Philippine Airlines also has codeshare agreements with major airlines such as Garuda Indonesia, WestJet, Turkish Airlines, All Nippon Airways, Cathay Pacific, China Airways, Malaysia Airlines, and Gulf Air.

Philippine Airlines always tries to show the essence of Philippine pride in various aspects. Its first slogan was “Mabuhay”, a Tagalog phrase that means “Welcome”. The slogan had changed several times before it finally became “The Heart of the Filipino”, following its 75th anniversary. Meanwhile, Philippine Airlines’ logo had changed four times since 1941. The first logo was a blue oval with star and wing, complete with the airline’s initials. The logo was later changed with red and blue triangles, representing the flag of the Philippines. This second logo was modified several times before it finally became a yellow sun tucked between red and blue triangles, symbolizing the country’s flag and national pride.

During its service, Philippine Airlines has earned several achievements, such as becoming the official airline for the first state visit of President Ferdinand Marcos after his election in September 1966, monopolizing the domestic air travel in the Philippines in January 1974, earning the prestigious Les Chaines de Rotisseurs award for its high-quality in-flight meals in July 1979, earning the Airline Turnaround of the Year award from Centre for Asia Pacific Aviation in November 2007, emerging as the most trusted airline brand at the annual Reader’s Digest Asia-wide consumer survey in May 2010, and becoming the official carrier for Pope Francis during his visit to Tacloban, where he met with the survivors of typhoon Yolanda in January 2015. For this occasion, the plane was codenamed “Shepherd One”.

Philippine Airlines offers different baggage allowance for its passengers, depending on the flight class and route. Passengers in a domestic route flying in economy class are allowed 10 kg of checked baggage, while those on international route are allowed 20 kg for economy class (except for flights that use Q300 and Q400 aircraft), 25 kg for premium economy class, and 35 kg for business class. Meanwhile, baggage allowance information for each international destination is available on the Philippine Airlines official website.

To board the plane, passengers are required to check-in at least 60 minutes before departure, and present themselves at the boarding gate 45 minutes before boarding. Passengers carrying only cabin baggage can enter the boarding gate 15 minutes before departure. Group check-in is also available for a minimum of 10 people and a maximum of 15 people, as long as the ticket is ordered under a single name. Passengers who ordered tickets online may be required to present the debit or credit card used for the transaction.


Philippine Airlines History


Formerly known as Philippine Air Lines, Philippine Airlines (PAL) was originally a part of Philippine Aerial Taxi Company Incorporated (PATCO), a business franchise that specialized in transporting passengers, mails, and packages to Luzon. After the franchise had gone dormant for 6 years, PAL was founded on 26 February 1941 by industrialist Andrés Soriano, Sr., who also served as the airline’s general manager. Soriano started the company together with several business partners, among them was Ramon Fernandez, a former senator that later became PAL’s president and chairman.

The airline served its first regular flights between Manila and Baguio, using a Beechcraft Model 18 NPC-54 plane. In July 1941, the airline started receiving investment from the Philippine government to start the nationalization process. However, shortly after beginning its new service in Cebu, Philippine Airlines experienced a hiatus from 1941 to 1945 due to World War II. When the war was over, the airline resumed its operation with 15 additional domestic routes. The airline also received five new Douglas DC-3 aircraft and employed 108 people.

As part of a rejuvenation effort after the war, Philippine Airlines returned its base of operation to Nielsen Field Airport in Makati, and renovated it, turning the airport into the official entry for all airlines in the Philippines. In 1946, Philippine Airlines became the first airline in Asia that flew its plane across the Pacific Ocean as the American Army chartered its Douglas DC-4 to fly to California. The airline also expanded its international routes to Hong Kong, Shanghai, and San Francisco in the same year. 

Philippine Airlines moved its base of operation from Nielsen Field to Nichols Field in Pasay, following the government’s renovation efforts to turn the airport, which was originally a US Air Force base, into the international airport of the Philippines. In 1948, the airline began to invest PHP 600,000 in order to renovate Nichols Field. Pasay later became the permanent headquarter for Philippine Airlines until today.

In 1962, Philippine Airlines officially entered the jet era, with the addition of DC-8 jetliners to its fleet. In 1968, the DC-8 fleet served the airline’s first services to Singapore, Saigon, and Taipei. Philippine Airlines continued to expand its routes to Australia, Europe and, later, the Middle East. In 1993, Philippine Airlines proudly sent its first female pilot, Ma. Aurora Carandang, to fly a Fokker 50 from Manila to Baguio.

Philippine Airlines got its first competitors in 1995 with the president’s Executive Order 219, which allowed other airlines to operate in the Philippines after years of monopoly in the industry due to President Marcos’s one-airline policy. However, Philippine Airlines kept innovating its services to face competition, one of which took the form of a new ticket payment system for domestic flights using express teller machines in Davau, Metro Manila, and Cebu.

In September 1998, during the Asian financial crisis, Philippine Airlines experienced a setback. The airline must reduce its routes and fleet, and laid off many of its employees. The airline resumed its services in October 1998, but only in very restricted capacity. Fortunately, a financial rehabilitation plan from Dr. Lucio C. Tan and his partners was approved by the Philippine Securities and Exchange Commission. In 1999, Philippine Airlines finally resumed its full operations, and was able to earn PHP 44.2 million profits the next year.

In October 2009, Air Philippines started taking over the entire operations of Philippine Airlines, and almost immediately added Boeing 777 as one of its fleets. The airline also made history by reconfiguring and improving the cabin condition of all A320 planes, becoming the first Philippine airline fleet that offered business class on domestic flights. In 2010, Philippine Airlines reopened its Middle East route after a four-year absence. 

In April 2015, Philippine Airlines started weekly flights from the Philippines to Quanzhou, Fujian, where many Filipino-Chinese families came from. In May 2015, Philippine Airlines reported a USD 85 million profit between January and March, thanks to its successful marketing and opening of new routes.




Contact Philippine Airlines


+6221-300-15757




Philippine Airlines Office


Philippine Airlines


Menara Kuningan
Jl H.R.Rasuna Said Blok X-7
33rd flr Kav 8, Suite 3301
Jakarta Selatan 12940, Indonesia



Share














Register your email and enjoy up to 70% member-only discount!





Join




Customer Service
0804-1500-308
About Traveloka
How to Book
Contact Us
Help Center
Careers
Installment
Others
Blog
Newsletter Subscription
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Register Your Hotel
Traveloka Press Room
Products
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data
Attractions & Activities
Download Traveloka App
Payment Partners
Follow us on
Copyright © 2017 Traveloka
?
Need help?
evtbvsrwfq