
Traveloka - Privacy Policy









warning


















This site needs Javascript. Please activate Javascript to continue.









PRIVACY POLICY

Traveloka.com is owned and operated by Traveloka Group of Companies (“Traveloka”, “Us”, “We”, or “Our”). This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, disclose, process and protect personally identifiable information (“Personal Data”) that you (the “User”) may provide in connection with Traveloka’s services available through the website located at www.traveloka.com ("Site"). Personal Data means data, whether true or not, about an individual.  References to the Site are deemed to include derivatives thereof, including but not necessarily limited to mobile websites and applications. By visiting or using the Site, you agree and consent to the collection, use, disclosure and processing of your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy and/or the Website Terms. If you do not agree to the Privacy Policy below, please leave the Site immediately.

From time to time, Traveloka may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in the law, our Personal Data collection and use practices, the features of our Site, or advances in technology. If we make revisions that change the way we collect or use your Personal Data, those changes will be posted in this Privacy Policy and the effective date will be noted at the beginning of this Privacy Policy. Therefore, you should review this Privacy Policy periodically so that you are up to date on our most current policies and practices. Traveloka will also prominently post such material changes prior to implementing the change. If you do not agree with any changes or modifications to the Privacy Policy, please do not continue using the Site. You will be deemed to have consented to any modification of the Privacy Policy when you use the Site after the effective date of the modification.

1.	Information We Collect

We collect the Personal Data that you provide to us when using the Site. This includes but is not limited to: your name, Traveloka user identification and login credentials, address, phone number, email address, hotel name, hotel location, and/or length of stay. We may request that you provide information on your travel preferences, airline frequent flyer membership, as well as feedback on your travel experiences. We also collect non-personally identifiable information including but not limited to your internet protocol (IP) address, geographic location, operating system type, nationality, search preferences, as well as other generic Internet usage related data.

2.	How We Use Your Information

We may use your Personal Data and other information gathered through the Site for the following purposes:


registering, managing and/or administering your use and/or access of the Site;

managing, operating, administering and providing you the services offered on the Site;

contacting you on matters relating to your use and/or access of the Site and services on the Site, and any enquiries and/or requests submitted by you through the Site or otherwise;

to customize your experience when using the Site;

measuring and improving customer experience and satisfaction;

publishing customer reviews, such as of the Site, Travel Agents, Flights or Hotels, in digital and/or print format for public access;

to enforce our Terms and Conditions;

to resolve disputes or complaints, collect payment or fees, troubleshoot problems; and/or

for the purposes otherwise that will be made available to you at the point of collection.


We may also use your Personal Data and other information collected for Social Media marketing using direct and open graph techniques; for digital and conventional marketing purposes such as sending you direct mailers about new products, and special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting. Please note that you may opt out of any marketing materials we may send to you at any time. Please follow the unsubscribe instructions set out in our marketing materials if you choose to opt out of any marketing materials and we will respect your wishes.

3.	Sharing and Transferring Your Personal Data

Your Personal Data may be shared by Traveloka to our affiliate companies. Traveloka (and/or its affiliate companies) may also disclose your Personal Data to third party service providers, suppliers or agents for one or more of the above purposes.. Third party services include but are not limited to: website hosting, data analysis, marketing, processing credit card transactions, and service provisions.
In some cases, when you interact directly with a third party to obtain services, or when you use the Site to reserve a hotel room or obtain another product or service, we may provide your Personal Data to that hotel or other third party so that you don’t have to input information multiple times.

Depending on your location, Traveloka, its affiliate companies and its third party service providers, suppliers or agents may also be transferring your Personal Data overseas.

Please note that Traveloka may disclose your Personal Data in the following situations:


to bring or defend against any claims or suits;

to comply with court orders, judicial processes, legitimate requests, warrants or equivalent by law enforcement officials or the authorities;

to investigate fraud or other wrongdoing or as otherwise required or necessary in order to comply with any applicable law, or to protect our legitimate interests;

to the purchasers in connection with any sale, assignment, or other transfer of all or part of our business or company;

to enforce or apply the terms and conditions applicable to our products and services;

to protect the rights, property or safety of Traveloka, other Site Users, or any other person according to Traveloka’s discretion; and

for any other situations which is allowed under law.


4.	Consent

As stated above, by browsing and using the Site, ordering a product from the Site, registering for or using any service on the Site, or by clicking the “Confirm” button or equivalent when you create a new account on the Site, you:


consent to Traveloka and/or Traveloka’s affiliate companies collecting, using, disclosing and/or processing your above mentioned personal data for the purposes as described above; and

consent to Traveloka and/or Traveloka’s affiliate companies transferring your personal data out of Singapore to other Traveloka affiliate companies where such other Traveloka affiliate companies are sited, and to Traveloka’s (or Traveloka’s affiliate companies’) third party service providers, suppliers or agents for the purposes as described above.


5.	Withdrawing Consent

You may withdraw your consent to our collection, use or disclosure of your personal data at any time, by giving us reasonable notice. If you wish to withdraw your consent, please inform us at our contact details listed below. We will cease to collect, use or disclose your personal data upon notification, unless required by law or if we have legitimate business or legal purposes for retaining it. Note that by withdrawing your consent to our collection, use or disclosure of your personal data, we may not be able to continue providing you with our services and you agree that we will not be liable to you for any losses or damages arising out of or in relation to such termination of services.

6.	Cookie Policy

A “cookie” is an alphanumeric identifier which we transfer to your hard drive or memory card through your web browser when you visit our Site. It enables our own system to recognise you when you visit our Site again and improve our service to you. The information is used to track visitor use of the Site and to compile statistical reports on Site activity. For further information about cookies visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.

Cookies may also be used to compile aggregate information about areas of our Site that are visited most frequently. This traffic information can be used to enhance the content of our Site and make your use of it easier. If you wish to reject our cookie, you can configure your browser to do so. However, some of our Site features may not function if you remove cookies from your browser. If you do not enable cookies, you may only be able to use the Site on a limited basis.

7.	Access to or Correction of Your Personal Data

When you provide us with your Personal Data, please ensure that it is accurate and complete. If you believe that any of your information under our possession contains errors or omissions, please log into your account on the Site and correct the information. In addition, please update your Personal Data through your account in a timely manner, should there be any changes.

If you wish to correct an error or omission in any Personal Data under our possession that cannot be corrected via our Site, or to access your Personal Data under our possession or control, or as provided for by applicable laws, please submit your request to our contact details listed below. We may charge you a reasonable fee for access to the Personal Data, for the purpose of recovering the incremental costs of responding to the access request.

To protect your privacy and security, we will verify your identity before granting access or making changes to your Personal Data. We will endeavor to answer requests for access or correction to your Personal Data as soon as reasonably possible, unless an exception applies.

8.	Protecting Your Personal Data

We protect Personal Data by maintaining reasonable security arrangements, including physical, technical and organizational procedures, to prevent unauthorised access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification, disposal or similar risks.

9.	Links to Other Websites

Our Site may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our Site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Please note that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites and advise you to read the privacy statements of each website you visit which collects personal information.

10.	Registration and Memberships

This Site allows you to create a user account with the membership register, based on the data you provide. By providing the data, registering, and creating your account, you warrant that:


You are at least 18 years of age;

Information about you is true and accurate, current and complete as required in the registration form on the Site (the “Registration Data”); and

You will update this Registration Data to keep it true, accurate and complete.


Further, you agree that Traveloka is not responsible for any loss or damages that may be suffered by us, you or any third parties, where such loss or damage is caused by inaccurate or incomplete information given by you. After registering, you will receive a password and user identification (“Username”). You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and Username, and you are fully responsible for all activities related to the Username or password. You can only use a single Username and password at one time and are not allowed to use more than one Username. Your password is strictly for your own personal use only, and you agree to keep your password strictly confidential. You agree to immediately notify Traveloka about unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security. For greater security, please ensure that you logout or exit from your account after each use of this Site. You agree that Traveloka will not be liable for any loss or damage suffered by us, you or third parties arising from your failure to comply with this clause.

11.	Transfer of Business

In the event of a change of control or change of ownership of all or part of the Traveloka business or company, including the Site, then all Users’ Personal Data may/will be part of the transfer of such assets.

12.	Approval of Privacy Policy Changes

By using the Site or the services we provide, you agree to the collection, use, disclosure and processing of your Personal Data as set forth in this Privacy Policy. Furthermore, if you use our services, we reserve the right to collect, use, disclose and process your Personal Data in accordance to this Privacy Policy. From time to time, Traveloka may change this Privacy Policy. We will display the changes on this Site prior to making the changes.

13.	Order of Precedence

If you have agreed to our Website Terms, in the event of inconsistency between such Website Terms and this Privacy Policy, Website Terms shall prevail.

14.	Disclaimer

Note that as we are a Singapore registered company, this Privacy Policy has been drafted solely in accordance with the laws of Singapore. We do not represent or warrant that this Privacy Policy complies with the privacy laws of any other jurisdiction and accordingly, you shall not construe this Privacy Policy as such.

For the avoidance of doubt, for the exceptions where the law permits an organisation such as Traveloka to collect, use or disclose your personal data without your consent, such permission granted by the law shall continue to apply.

15.	Contact Us

If you have any questions or requests relating to this Privacy Policy, please contact our Data Protection Officer at the following details, or such person as Traveloka may designate by informing you through any letter, invoice, email or the Site: privacy@traveloka.com.

Effective date: June 2015.




© 2017 Traveloka

































evtbvsrwfq
