Firefly Online Booking - Get Firefly Promotion and Cheap Flight Tickets on Traveloka
warning
This site needs Javascript. Please activate Javascript to continue.
Promos
Retrieve Booking
IDR
My Account
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data Packages
Attractions & Activities
Search cheap and promo Firefly flight tickets here!
Flight Destination
From:
To:
Date of Flight
Departure:

One-way
Return
Return:

Search Flights
No. of Passengers:
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
0
1
2
3
4
Seat Class:
Economy
Search Flights
<div id="smartCari">Search +</div> Auto-search


Overview
Service & Facilities
Policies
Flight Routes
Profile










Get the best Firefly promotion and deals from Traveloka. Register your email and enjoy up to 70% member-only discount!







Join







Firefly: An Introduction
Established in 2007,
Firefly
is a subsidiary airline, wholly owned by Malaysia Airlines Berhad, under a separate management. Operating out of Penang International Airport and Sultan Abdul Aziz Shah Airport in Subang, Firefly provides connections to 17 domestic destinations, as well as southern Thailand, Singapore, and Indonesia’s island of Sumatra. In 2010, Firefly was honored as the Best Value Airline of the Year in the Commercial Air Transportation Category at the prestigious Frost & Sullivan Asia Pacific Aerospace & Defense Awards.



Overview

Firefly Booking & E-ticket
Traveloka Airline Partners
Traveloka Official Payment Partners


Firefly Booking & E-ticket

Search and book your Firefly flight tickets online via Traveloka to get the best price and promotions.

How to Book
Here’s how you can book your Firefly ticket online:

Go to
Traveloka website
or open your Traveloka App

Fill in the flight details in the search box

Choose and book your flight

Fill in contact information and passenger details

Complete your payment through the selected method

Receive your Firefly e-ticket in
My Booking
or in your email




How to Pay
Payment for your Firefly ticket can be made via bank transfer (ATM/SMS Banking/e-banking/bank teller), credit card, and Indomaret.
For complete information about payment methods, please visit
How to Pay
.



Firefly E-ticket
Firefly e-ticket is an eligible proof for booking an Firefly flight. Show your e-ticket during check-in at the Firefly counter at the airport, or use it for self check-in (at the airport or online), to get your boarding pass.

If you have not received your e-ticket within 60 minutes after payment is completed, please contact Traveloka Customer Service.


Traveloka Airline Partners - Domestic & International








Traveloka Official Payment Partners

























Service & Facilities

Firefly Rating
Firefly Seat Class
Firefly Privilege Programs
Firefly Fleet
Firefly In-flight Crew


Firefly Rating



based on
56 reviews

Service standard:
Full Service





Firefly Seat Class


Economy Class


Firefly offers flights exclusively in economy class. However, the airline provides two kinds of services for its passengers, which are FlyPremier and FlyBASIC. FlyBASIC passengers will get a free checked baggage allowance of 20 kg, while FlyPremier passengers will get 30 kg. FlyPremier passengers will also get a free seat selection, priority baggage, one free flight change up to two hours before the departure time, and access to SkyLounge in Subang Skypark Terminal. FlyBASIC passengers can also select their preferred seat, but a fee will be applied.




In-flight Meal

On a short-haul flight, Firefly provides its passengers with snacks and mineral water. A great selection of main dining menu that showcases Malaysian taste is also available for purchase, such as basmati lemak rice, mihun biryani, or sweet potato curry puff. Western menus such as spaghetti bolognese, spaghetti Mamak Style, or mac and cheese are also available onboard.









Firefly Privilege Programs





Enrich

Firefly offers a special frequent flyer program, Enrich, cooperating with Malaysia Airlines, to reward its loyal passengers. Therefore, passengers can earn Enrich Miles when they fly either with Firefly or Malaysia Airlines. After registering as a member, passengers will receive the Enrich Blue card, the entry level membership. With regular travels on Firefly and Malaysia Airlines, passengers can move up the various elite tier levels, such as Enrich Silver, Enrich Gold and Enrich Platinum. The higher the tier level, the more benefits and privileges they will receive. Accumulated Enrich Miles can also be redeemed for excess baggage payment, hotel stays and flight rewards among others.


BonusLink Redemption

Firefly is an official merchant partner of BonusLink, the first premier consumer rewards program in Malaysia. Firefly passengers who are also BonusLink members will get to collect one Point for every RM2 (around Rp6.000) spent on flight tickets and add-on baggage. With this convenience and flexibility, passengers can accumulate BonusLink Points which can be redeemed for Firefly flight tickets and Firefly eVouchers.








SkyLounge

Firefly has an airport lounge facility, SkyLounge, located on the first floor of Subang Skypark Terminal Airport. SkyLounge offers various facilities, such as meeting room, VIP room, television, books, newspapers, WiFi connection, as well as a great selection of food and drinks. All Firefly passengers can gain access to the SkyLounge with only RM25 (around Rp75.000). However, FlyPremier passengers who have booked a space at the lounge at least three hours before flight departure will get to enjoy the lounge for free. Passengers will only have to show their identity card or a boarding pass to prove that they are a FlyPremiere passenger.


Firefly Fleet



ATR 72-500


Seat class:

Economy


Seat layout:

3-3 (Economy)


Seat pitch:

29 inches (Economy)


In-flight entertainment:
Not Available

WiFi:
Not Available

Power/USB port:
Not Available








Firefly In-flight Crew





Firefly Flight Attendant Uniform

Representing the brand’s identity, Firefly’s flight attendant uniform is dominated with a fresh orange color. For the female flight attendants, the uniform features a long blouse with a V-neck accent and three metallic buttons on the right part of the collar. They also wear a scarf and belt in similar color. Meanwhile, the male flight attendants wear an orange shirt, long black trousers, and a belt. With its orange and white colors, Firefly’s flight attendant uniform looks very fresh, embodying the airline’s brand image perfectly.



Policies

Firefly Baggage Allowance
Firefly Passenger Policy
Firefly Check-in Policy
Firefly Refund Policy
Firefly Reschedule Policy


Firefly Baggage Allowance




Flight Route
Seat Class
Cabin Baggage
Check-in Baggage




All routes

Economy Class

Max. 7 kg 
(Dimension: 56 x 36 x 23 cm)

Max. 20 kg


Firefly Passenger Policy


Infant Passenger Policy (0-2 Years Old)


Infants younger than 8 days old are not allowed onboard. However, exceptions can be made when passengers can present a written recommendation from a medical practitioner, and when the parent of the infant sign a limited liability statement.

Infants under 2 years old will not be charged the full adult fare.

Infants must be accompanied by an adult aged at least 18 years old, and infants are required to sit on the adult’s lap.

Passengers traveling with an infant must inform the airline during check-in. Only one infant is allowed per adult.

Firefly does not allow baby seats, carriers, or strollers onboard.





Child Passenger Policy (2-12 Years Old)


Children above 2 years old will be charged the full adult fare.

Children below 12 years old on the date of departure are not allowed to travel alone and must be accompanied by an adult aged at least 18 years old.





Pregnant Passenger Policy


Passengers within their 36 weeks of pregnancy are required to inform the airline about their pregnancy during check-in at the airport, and sign a Release and Indemnity Form.

Passengers beyond their 36 weeks of pregnancy will not be allowed onboard.





Disabled Passenger Policy


Firefly may, within their reasonable discretion, provide special assistance to passengers with a disability and provide carriage to passengers with illness or a medical condition.

Passengers with illness or a medical condition must advise Firefly of any special requirement and are required to present a medical certificate at check-in, confirming that they are fit to fly. For the safety of other passengers, Firefly reserves the right to deny carriage of passengers suffering from an infectious, contagious, or chronic disease.

Passengers requiring special assistance and passengers with illness or a medical condition must contact Firefly at least 48 hours before the scheduled flight departure to make prior arrangements for the type of special assistance required. Failure to do so may result in the service being unavailable on arrival at the airport.

Firefly may deny carriage if the passenger’s illness or condition has been misrepresented to Firefly (whether in good faith or otherwise) and/or is worse than previously informed.

Passenger requiring special assistance must travel with an able-bodied person who can accompany and assist them in cases where the passenger is not self-reliant and may pose a risk to his/her own safety and health.

Firefly may charge a fee for providing any of the above mentioned special assistance.



Firefly Check-in Policy


Firefly Check-in Time

Please find the check-in time for all Firefly flights on the table below. Check-in time may vary if your flight is operated by a partner airline. Please check your e-ticket to ensure.



Flight Route

Recommended Check-in Time

Check-in Time Limit




Domestic

1 hour before depature

30 minutes before departure





Firefly Online Check-in

Online check-in is also available for Firefly flights. Please follow the steps below.

Go to
Firefly web check-in page

Enter your booking code, or other booking details, as instructed

Complete your check-in details

Save and/or print your boarding pass




Firefly Refund Policy

In general, refunds are permitted for personal reasons (self-cancellation, sickness, pregnancy, or death of a passenger), cancellation/rescheduling by the airline, force majeure, or double booking. However, different airlines have different policies regarding acceptable refund reasons. Please visit
Firefly Refund Policy
for a complete information on refund.
How to Refund




Firefly Reschedule Policy

You can easily change your flight schedule and itinerary using Easy Reschedule. Some airlines allow changes to date, time, route, and airline, while some only allow changes to date and time. 

Please refer to
Firefly Reschedule Terms & Conditions
to find the complete guide to rescheduling your flight. If your flight is not eligible for Easy Reschedule, please contact Firefly directly to reschedule.
How to Reschedule




Flight Routes

Firefly Schedule
Firefly Destinations
Firefly Popular Routes
Popular Hotels


Firefly Destinations



Java


Jakarta




Sumatra


Banda Aceh




Bali & Lesser Sunda Is.


Bali / Denpasar




Brunei


Bandar Seri Begawan




Hong Kong


Hong Kong




Japan


Osaka

Tokyo




Malaysia


Johor Bahru

Kuching

Kuala Lumpur

Kuala Lumpur-Subang

Kota Kinabalu

Langkawi

Penang

Sibu

Alor Setar

Ipoh

Kota Bharu

Kuala Terengganu

Kuantan

Bintulu

Labuan

Miri

Sandakan

Tawau




Philippines


Manila




Singapore


Singapore




Thailand


Bangkok

Phuket




Vietnam


Hanoi

Ho Chi Minh City




Saudi Arabia


Jeddah




United Kingdom


London




New Zealand


Auckland



Firefly Popular Routes

Jakarta – Denpasar Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Surabaya Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Singapore Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Malang Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Yogyakarta Flight Tickets
Yogyakarta – Singapore Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Medan Flight Tickets
Surabaya – Jakarta Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Lombok Flight Tickets
Popular Hotels

Hotels in Jakarta
Hotels in Bali
Hotels in Yogyakarta
Hotels in Malang
Hotels in Bandung
Hotels in Singapore
Hotels in Bogor
Hotels in Surabaya
Hotels in Semarang




Profile

About Firefly
Firefly History
Contact Firefly

About Firefly


Established on 16 March 2007,
Firefly (IATA code: FY)
is a Malaysian airline operated by FlyFirefly Sdn Bhd and wholly owned by Malaysia Airlines Berhad. The airline claims to be the first community airline in Malaysia. Operating flights from its two hubs in Sultan Abdul Aziz Shah Airport and Penang International Airport, Firefly aims to bring communities closer by overcoming geographical constraints through their network of point-to-point flights, link the world to the communities they serve, and contribute to local economies by growing trade and tourism. 

Even though Firefly is a subsidiary of Malaysia Airlines Berhad, the airline has a separate management from its parent company. However, thanks to the codeshare agreement with Malaysia Airlines, Firefly is able to introduce the wonders of Southeast Asia to travelers beyond Malaysia. This aligns with Firefly’s focus, which is to serve flight service around Malaysia as well as Indonesia, Singapore, and Thailand. Firefly’s expansion effort in Southeast Asia has even been recognized by the international aviation industry. In 2010, Firefly received an award as Best Value Airline of the Year in the category of Commercial Air Transportation. This award aims to appreciate companies and individuals who have excellent and stand out working performance in Asia Pacific.

Today, Firefly operates a fleet of 18 twin turboprop aircraft, which comprise 12 ATR 72-500 and six ATR 72-600 aircraft. Firefly’s ATR 72 series are optimized for efficiency, passenger comfort, and most importantly, safety and reliability. Technologically advanced, fuel-efficient, and eco-friendly ATR 72 series offers the lowest seat-mile cost in its category. These aircrafts can fly up to 2.5 hours with a maximum range on 890Nm without refueling, on a full passenger load. Also, the secondary structures of ATR 72-500 and ATR 72-600 are extensively made of corrosion-resistant composite material and use carbon fiber for its outer wings and composite tail, thus further reducing weight. A lighter aircraft means a lower fuel consumption, which is also better for the environment. The ATR 72 series also offer spacious cabin with plush leather and soft ambient lighting for a more comfortable journey.

In operating its flight service on a daily basis, Firefly provides only one type of class service, which is economy class. However, the airline provides two kinds of services for its passengers, which are FlyPremier and FlyBASIC. FlyBASIC passengers will get a free checked baggage allowance of 20 kg, while FlyPremier passengers will get 30 kg. FlyPremier passengers will also get a free seat selection, priority baggage, one free flight change up to two hours before departure time, and access to SkyLounge in Subang Skypark Terminal, which offers various facilities, such as meeting room, VIP room television, books, newspapers, WiFi connection, and a great selection of food and drinks. Passengers will only have to show their identity card or a boarding pass as proof that they are a FlyPremiere passenger.

To reward its loyal passengers, Firefly offers a special frequent flyer program together with Malaysia Airlines. The program is called Enrich. Passengers can earn Enrich Miles when they fly either with Firefly or Malaysia Airlines. After registering as a member, passengers will receive the Enrich Blue card, the entry level membership. With regular travels on Firefly and Malaysia Airlines, passengers can move up the various Elite tier levels, such as Enrich Silver, Enrich Gold and Enrich Platinum. The higher the tier level, the more benefits and privileges they will receive. Accumulated Enrich Miles can also be redeemed for excess baggage payment, hotel stays, to flight reward.

In addition to the checked baggage allowance for FlyBASIC and FlyPremiere passengers, Firefly passengers are also allowed to carry one piece of cabin baggage, with a maximum weight of 7 kg and maximum dimension of 56 cm x 36 cm x 23 cm. The cabin baggage must fit under the seat in front of the passenger or in the overhead cabin compartment. Cabin baggage that exceeds 7 kg or set dimensions, or is deemed offensive in nature will be checked into the baggage hold at Boarding Gate, and a fee of RM50 (Rp150.000) will be charged. In addition to one piece of cabin baggage, each passenger is also allowed one personal item such as a handbag, a pocket book, a purse, a briefcase, an overcoat, wrap or blanket, electronic equipment such as laptop, iPad, and camera, a small camera or a pair of binoculars, a reasonable amount of reading material for the flight, baby food for consumption in-flight, or walking sticks/canes or crutches and/or braces/prosthetic devices, which the passenger is dependent on.

To board the plane, passengers must check their baggage at the check-in counter, which opens from 90 minutes to 30 minutes before domestic flight departures. For international flights, Firefly check-in counters will be closed 45 minutes before departure time. As an alternative, passengers can check-in online via the Firefly website. However, the web check-in service is not available to passengers traveling with infants, passengers with reduced mobility and those requiring special assistance, and passengers with bookings of more than nine passengers. Kiosk check-in facilities are also available at selected airports, allowing passengers to check-in independently without having to queue. It is fast and very easy to use.


Firefly History


Firefly was established in March 2007, and has been widely known as a full-service carrier headquartered in Petaling Jaya, Selangor, Malaysia. Even though Firefly was founded in March 2007, the airline did not start operating its first flight service until 3 April 2007, flying from Penang to Kota Bharu. 

Firefly is operated by FlyFirefly Sdn Bhd, formerly known as MAS Sdn Bhd, and is wholly owned by Malaysia Airlines Berhad. However, since the airline focuses on serving flights to Malaysia as well as Indonesia, Singapore, and Thailand, Firefly has a separate management from Malaysia Airlines, its parent company. This aligns with Firefly’s Indonesia-Malaysia-Thailand Growth Triangle (IMT-GT) agenda. However, thanks to the codeshare arrangement with Malaysia Airlines, Firefly has been able to expand their flight routes across Southeast Asia. Today, Firefly provides connections to various points within Malaysia, southern Thailand, Singapore, and Indonesia’s Sumatra island.

Firefly’s main hubs are located in Penang International Airport and Sultan Abdul Aziz Shah Airport. From Penang, Firefly flies to Langkawi, Kota Bharu, Subang, Kuala Terengganu, and Kuantan. Meanwhile, Subang operates flights to Penang, Langkawi, Alor Setar, Johor Bahru, Kuala Terengganu, Kota Bharu, Singapore, and Indonesian city Pekanbaru. Firefly also has secondary hubs at Senai International Airport and Sultan Ismail Petra Airport. 

In February 2010, Firefly was honored with the Best Value Airline of the Year award in the Commercial Air Transportation Category at the prestigious Frost & Sullivan Asia Pacific Aerospace & Defense Awards ceremony. This annual award was in recognition of companies and individuals that have exceptionally risen above and beyond excellence in their performance across Asia Pacific. This award is very special because Frost & Sullivan has leveraged over 45 years of experience in partnering with Global 1,000 companies, as well as emerging business and investment community from more than 35 offices on six continents. Firefly was very thrilled to be the airline of choice as proven by this award. This recognition has spurred Firefly to greater heights to be recognized as one of the most customer-focused airlines in the world, offering a new flying experienceto all its passengers. 

On its early days, Firefly started its flight operations with two Fokker 50 aircraft, with 50 seats each. To expand its services, the airline decided to lease a third Fokker 50 aircraft. But, since June 2007, the Fokker 50 aircraft had been replaced. As the parent company, Malaysia Airlines signed an agreement for the acquisition of 10 ATR 72-500 aircraft, with options for ten more. The first five aircrafts started to arrive in August 2008, five in 2009, four in 2010, and the rest in 2011. All Fokker F50s were retired by the end of 2008. In November 2010, it was announced that Firefly had placed an order for 30 Boeing 737-800 aircraft from year-end to 2015 as part of its expansion into east Malaysia and into regional markets in the future. The first Boeing 737-800 arrived in December 2010 and Firefly began its operations in January 2011.

On 1 July 2009, Firefly docked for the first time at Singapore Budget Terminal Changi on its maiden flight to the island with an initial frequency of three flights a day from Subang. Then on 12 July 2009, Firefly operated one more flight on the route of Singapore – Subang, increasing its frequency to four times a day. These direct flights gave Singaporeans the best alternative to travel to Malaysia. Later that year, it was also announced that Firefly would add a fifth additional schedule into Subang from Singapore effective 28 March 2010. Apart from the Singapore – Subang route, Firefly also offers services from Singapore to Ipoh, which had started on 12 July 2009 at four times per week, which now has become a daily flight due to its high demand.

Per February 2017, the Firefly fleet consists of 12 ATR 72-500 and nine ATR 72-600, each with a capacity of 72 passengers. Firefly is currently planning to use Melaka International Airport in Melaka, Malaysia. Firefly’s flight service that soon will depart from Melaka is Melaka – Singapore, Melaka – Penang, Melaka – Medan Kuala Namu, and Melaka – Kota Bharu. Other new flight routes that are still under planning and consideration are Subang – Bengkulu, Subang – Jambi, Subang – Palembang, Subang – Padang, Phuket – Langkawi, Penang – Krabi, and Penang – Hua Hin.




Contact Firefly


+6261-8888-0580




Firefly Office


Firefly


Kuala Namu International Airport
Deli Serdang, Sumatera Utara



Share














Register your email and enjoy up to 70% member-only discount!





Join




Customer Service
0804-1500-308
About Traveloka
How to Book
Contact Us
Help Center
Careers
Installment
Others
Blog
Newsletter Subscription
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Register Your Hotel
Traveloka Press Room
Products
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data
Attractions & Activities
Download Traveloka App
Payment Partners
Follow us on
Copyright © 2017 Traveloka
?
Need help?
evtbvsrwfq