Thai Airways Online Booking - Get Thai Airways Promotion and Cheap Flight Tickets on Traveloka
warning
This site needs Javascript. Please activate Javascript to continue.
Promos
Retrieve Booking
IDR
My Account
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data Packages
Attractions & Activities
Search cheap and promo Thai Airways flight tickets here!
Flight Destination
From:
To:
Date of Flight
Departure:

One-way
Return
Return:

Search Flights
No. of Passengers:
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
0
1
2
3
4
Seat Class:
Economy
Search Flights
<div id="smartCari">Search +</div> Auto-search


Overview
Service & Facilities
Policies
Flight Routes
Profile










Get the best Thai Airways promotion and deals from Traveloka. Register your email and enjoy up to 70% member-only discount!







Join







Thai Airways: An Introduction
Thai Airways
, or simply known as THAI, is one of the founding members of Star Alliance, the first and largest airline alliance in the world. Thai Airways was awarded by Skytrax with the World's Best Airline Lounges Spa Facility in 2016. Thai Airways flies to nearly 84 destinations in more than 37 countries, with four different flight classes, which are Economy Class, Premium Economy Class, Royal Silk Class (Business Class), and Royal First Class (First Class).



Overview

Thai Airways Booking & E-ticket
Traveloka Airline Partners
Traveloka Official Payment Partners


Thai Airways Booking & E-ticket

Search and book your Thai Airways flight tickets online via Traveloka to get the best price and promotions.

How to Book
Here’s how you can book your Thai Airways ticket online:

Go to
Traveloka website
or open your Traveloka App

Fill in the flight details in the search box

Choose and book your flight

Fill in contact information and passenger details

Complete your payment through the selected method

Receive your Thai Airways e-ticket in
My Booking
or in your email




How to Pay
Payment for your Thai Airways ticket can be made via bank transfer (ATM/SMS Banking/e-banking/bank teller), credit card, and Indomaret.
For complete information about payment methods, please visit
How to Pay
.



Thai Airways E-ticket
Thai Airways e-ticket is an eligible proof for booking an Thai Airways flight. Show your e-ticket during check-in at the Thai Airways counter at the airport, or use it for self check-in (at the airport or online), to get your boarding pass.

If you have not received your e-ticket within 60 minutes after payment is completed, please contact Traveloka Customer Service.


Traveloka Airline Partners - Domestic & International








Traveloka Official Payment Partners

























Service & Facilities

Thai Airways Rating
Thai Airways Seat Class
Thai Airways Privilege Programs
Thai Airways Fleet
Thai Airways In-flight Crew


Thai Airways Rating



based on
610 reviews

Service standard:
Full Service





Thai Airways Seat Class


Economy Class


Thai Airways offers an improved economy class with a more spacious cabin, impeccable service, and award-winning cuisine. Its media library provides 1,000 movies, songs, games, news, and information that the passengers can enjoy during the flight, through their in-seat touchscreen monitor. The new cabin design offers wider seats and more than generous legroom, providing passengers with a more comfortable sitting arrangement. Passengers will get to enjoy a more relaxed journey, which will leave them feeling refreshed when they’ve reached their destination. All of these facilities are offered so that passengers can experience the genuine hospitality of The Land of Smiles onboard Thai Airways.




In-flight Meal

Passengers in Economy Class can enjoy meals made by award-winning chefs. The unique flavors of Thailand and the world inspire the menu, which highlights the use of seasonal ingredients. Thai Airways offers a wide selection of beverages, from wine and juice, to hot and cold drinks during the flight. Passengers with special dietary requirements may contact Thai Airways to pre-order their meals, at least 48 hours before their departure time.





Premium Economy Class


Thai Airways’ Premium Economy Class provides passengers with more spacious seats than does the airline’s economy class. Especially enjoyable for passengers on long-haul flights, the Premium Economy Class is available exclusively on Thai Airways’ Boeing 777-300ER aircraft, which offers a separated, exclusive cabin of just 18 Premium Economy Class seats. Complemented with contemporary decor, subtle, cozy lighting, and generous sense of space, passengers can relax in the 20-inch-wide seats, which can recline 180 degrees to a fully flat position. The seats are also equipped with wider arm rests and a leg rest which can easily be controlled by the fingertips. An in-seat power outlet is also provided for the passenger’s electronic need, and the large screen interactive Audio Visual On Demand system offers hundreds of entertainment, information, and gaming options.




In-flight Meal

Each meal on a Thai Airways aircraft is always served with grace and elegance. Thai Airways’ chefs craft the highest quality of Asian and Western cuisines, which highlight seasonal ingredients and year-round favourites. An extensive range of hand-picked wines, spirits, juices, and hot and cold beverages are also ready complete the passengers’ experience during the flight.




Royal Silk Class


Royal Silk Class is the airline’s business class that is inspired by the rich culture and heritage of Thailand. Royal Silk Class passengers can use their space as a lounge, office, or bed during the flight. The seats can be reclined to 180 degrees, providing passengers with more comfort as they sleep. Passengers can also choose from a collection of music, movies, and various TV channels simply by touching the flat screen in front of them. For those who would like to work using a laptop onboard, power outlets and a USB port are also available in all seats.




In-flight Meal

Royal Silk class passengers can enjoy a variety of delicious dishes, including a homemade terrine to tease the palate. A variety of beverages, which include a selection of wines, soft drinks, and juices, are also ready to complete the passengers’ in-flight meal experience. Passengers requiring a special menu due to their dietary restrictions can pre-order their meals, at least 48 hours before departure.





Royal First Class


Those flying with Royal First class tickets are entitled to the ultimate service from Thai Airways. Once onboard, passengers are greeted with chilled champagne. The cabin itself is designed in such a way to provide passengers with tranquil ambiance, allowing a semi-private experience during the flight. The cabins are spacious, and the seats can be transformed into 180-degree plush flat beds, providing comforts with its generous dimension. Passengers can also enjoy the Touch of Silk massage at the Suvarnabhumi Airport Royal First Lounge. Meanwhile, during the flight, passengers are provided with fascinating entertainment, including hundreds of films, television programs, music CDs, games, and special features on the 23-inch flat screens.




In-flight Meal

Passengers on Royal First class are allowed the privilege to order their main course before the flight. Meals can be ordered online on most long-haul flights, and menus vary depending on the flight routes. Passengers departing from Bangkok can enjoy premium choices of Thai, Oriental, and classic Continental cuisines, such as steamed thai hom mali rice, dry fish in spicy soup thai style (tom-khlohng), beef massaman, dry fish in spicy soup thai style (tom-khlohng), prawn and young coconut in tom yum soup, and a variety of Thai desserts among others.




Thai Airways Privilege Programs





Royal Orchid Plus

Royal Orchid Plus is an exceptional program exclusive for Thai Airways loyal passengers. There are four types of Royal Orchid Plus membership, ranging from Basic, Silver, Gold, and Platinum. Frequent flyers will earn miles when flying with Thai Airways, Star Alliance partners, or many other Thai Airways partners. Points can be redeemed for an upgraded flight class on Thai Airways or other Star Alliance partner airlines, as well as for hotel stays. Royal Orchid Plus members will also get many benefits, such as access to airport lounges, complimentary upgrades, and excess baggage allowances, and priority services in such areas as reservations, check-in, and baggage handling.


Thai Airways Lounges

Thai Airways also offers comfort at the airport through its exceptional lounges, where passengers can enjoy the finest food or read magazines while relaxing in a tranquil environment. There are three types of lounges: Royal First Lounge, Royal Silk Lounge, and Royal Orchid Lounge. Royal First Lounge is designed exclusively for Royal First Class passengers, with the capacity to accommodate 134 passengers at one time. Meanwhile, Royal Silk Lounge and Royal Orchid Lounge can be accessed by Royal First Class and Royal Silk Class passengers, as well as Royal Orchid Plus Platinum and Royal Orchid Plus Gold cardholders. The lounge provides a wide range of facilities, including VIP rooms, private corners, a-la-carte dining room, WiFi connection, slumber rooms, shower suites, as well as toilets with wheelchair accessibility.








Royal Orchid Spa

Royal Orchid Spa is designed to provide spa services for Royal First and Royal Silk Class passengers. Open from 06:00 to 23:30, Royal Orchid Spa offers lounge area, healthy snacks, and herbal drinks. Royal First Class passengers are entitled to First Class Zone Facilities, which provides massage rooms, steam rooms, sauna rooms, and shower rooms. Passengers can choose from a variety of treatments to ease their body and mind, from the Touch of Silk, Royal Thai Massage, Neck & Shoulder Massage, and Foot Massage.


Thai Airways Fleet



Airbus 380-800


Seat class:

Economy

Business

First Class


Seat layout:

3-4-3 (Economy)

1-2-1 (Business)

1-2-1 (First Class)


Seat pitch:

31 inches (Economy)

74 inches (Business)

84 inches (First Class)


In-flight entertainment:
Available

WiFi:
Available

Power/USB port:
Available





Boeing 787-8


Seat class:

Economy

Business


Seat layout:

3-3-3 (Economy)

2-2-2 (Business)


Seat pitch:

32 inches (Economy)

60 inches (Business)


In-flight entertainment:
Available

WiFi:
Available

Power/USB port:
Available






Thai Airways In-flight Crew





Thai Airways Flight Attendant Uniform

Thai Airways female flight attendants of Thai citizenship are required to wear a uniform ornamented with a fresh purple flower on the lapel, inspired by the traditional Thai dress, onboard. Meanwhile, the male flight attendants wear suit jackets that are different from what they wear on the ground. With the classy, timeless, and elegant uniforms that live up to the airline's motto of “Smooth as silk”, Thai Airways shows off the unique Thai culture without compromising its excellent service to passengers during the flight.



Policies

Thai Airways Baggage Allowance
Thai Airways Passenger Policy
Thai Airways Check-in Policy
Thai Airways Refund Policy
Thai Airways Reschedule Policy


Thai Airways Baggage Allowance




Flight Route
Seat Class
Cabin Baggage
Check-in Baggage




Domestic

Economy Class

Max. 7 kg
(1 hand baggage + 1 personal item)

Max. 30 kg

Premium Economy Class


Business Class

Max. 40 kg

International

Economy Class

Max. 30 kg

Premium Economy Class

Max. 40 kg

Business Class

First Class

Max. 50 kg

Flights to/from America

Economy Class

2 pcs (max. 23 kg/pc)
(Dimension: max. 158 cm)


Business Class

2 pcs (max. 32 kg/pc)
(Dimension: max. 158 cm)

First Class



Thai Airways Passenger Policy


Infant Passenger Policy (0-2 Years Old)


Infants younger than 7 days old are not allowed onboard, except when they are confirmed to be healthy to fly and are accompanied by adults.

Infants are not required an individual seat. However, infants will be charged 25% of the full adult fare.

If an adult travels with more than one infant, a seat(s) must be purchased for the other infant(s), and they need to have their own tickets.

Infants may have their own seats if the parents or adult guardians have the proper child restraint device or safety seat approved by Federal Aviation Administration.

Parents or adult passengers need to inform Thai Airways if they wish to travel with an infant, so that the airline will be able to provide necessary equipments to support the infant’s needs during the flight.

Infants must be held by an adult on the lap during the flight, especially during take-off and landing.

Infant passengers must have the same necessary documents as required from adult passengers, especially on international flights.

Baby bassinets for infants under 6 months old may be carried onboard, as long it does not exceed 10 kg in weight and 67 cm in height.

Passengers may order baby food, but must do so at least  48 hours before the scheduled international flights. Passengers may also order a baby formula for infants younger than 6 months.





Child Passenger Policy (2-12 Years Old)


Child passengers are required have their own seat and ticket.

Children under the age of 5 are not allowed to travel alone.

Children between the ages of 5 and 11 who travel without an adult will be escorted by Thai Airways staff until they meet their parent or guardian. The parent or guardian must complete the necessary documents before departure.

The service fee for an unaccompanied minor is US$60 per flight. For domestic routes in Thailand, children ages 5 to 12 who need an accompanied service will be charged 75% of the standard fare.

Child passengers must provide the same necessary documents as required from adult passengers, especially on international flights.



Pregnant Passenger Policy


Passengers within 36 weeks of pregnancy are only allowed on flights of less than four hours.

Only passengers with a single pregnancy of 34 weeks or less are allowed on flights of more than four hours.

Passengers beyond 28 weeks pregnant are required to bring a medical certificate issued by a doctor stating the age of pregnancy and the estimated date of delivery. The medical certificate must be issued within seven days before departure.

Passengers with multiple or complicated pregnancies (placenta previa, history of premature delivery, etc.) are not advised to be on a long-distance flight. Otherwise, if they wish to fly, a medical approval from the airline is needed.

It should be noted that some countries, such as Malaysia and Singapore, do not allow expectant mothers of other nationalities with a pregnancy of more than 6 months to enter their country.




Disabled Passenger Policy


Passengers who are permitted to travel are treated and stabilized patients. Doctors must fill in a MEDIF (medical information form) to inform the airline of the passengers’ medical conditions and if they need special equipment such as an oxygen tank, a stretcher, or a wheelchair.

Medical consultation before traveling is necessary to minimize health risks as passengers who are ill are sensitive to minor changes. Medications must be kept in the cabin baggage and must be separated based on dosing intervals and tablet size.

Passengers are advised to wear comfortable shoes or take the shoes off, stretch arms and legs every couple of hours, and stay hydrated to prevent the risk of developing the economic class syndrome.

Thai Airways provides a wheelchair without extra charge. Passengers must request wheelchairs at least 48 hours before departure time.

Thai Airways will escort passengers with disabilities to their seats as well as to the aircraft’s lavatories. However, passengers must be able to take care of themselves during the flight.

Passengers not capable of taking care of themselves are urged to be accompanied by an assistant or escort.

Passengers who own a wheelchair must inform Thai Airways about the dimension of the personal wheelchair, so that it can be loaded into the aircraft cargo.

The number of automatic wheelchairs or mobility aids that can be loaded to the aircraft is limited for each flight. Therefore, if the wheelchair weighs more than 32 kg, the passenger must obtain a special authorization from Thai Airways so that the wheelchair can be transported by air.



Thai Airways Check-in Policy


Thai Airways Check-in Time

Please find the check-in time for all Thai Airways flights on the table below. Check-in time may vary if your flight is operated by a partner airline. Please check your e-ticket to ensure.



Flight Route

Recommended Check-in Time

Check-in Time Limit




All Routes

2 hours before departure

1 hour before departure





Thai Airways Online Check-in

Online check-in is also available for Thai Airways flights. Please follow the steps below.

Go to
Thai Airways web check-in page

Enter your booking code, or other booking details, as instructed

Complete your check-in details

Save and/or print your boarding pass




Thai Airways Refund Policy

In general, refunds are permitted for personal reasons (self-cancellation, sickness, pregnancy, or death of a passenger), cancellation/rescheduling by the airline, force majeure, or double booking. However, different airlines have different policies regarding acceptable refund reasons. Please visit
Thai Airways Refund Policy
for a complete information on refund.
How to Refund




Thai Airways Reschedule Policy

You can easily change your flight schedule and itinerary using Easy Reschedule. Some airlines allow changes to date, time, route, and airline, while some only allow changes to date and time. 

Please refer to
Thai Airways Reschedule Terms & Conditions
to find the complete guide to rescheduling your flight. If your flight is not eligible for Easy Reschedule, please contact Thai Airways directly to reschedule.
How to Reschedule




Flight Routes

Thai Airways Schedule
Thai Airways Destinations
Thai Airways Popular Routes
Popular Hotels



Thai Airways Destinations



Java


Jakarta




Bali & Lesser Sunda Is.


Bali / Denpasar




Australia


Brisbane

Melbourne

Perth

Sydney




Brunei


Bandar Seri Begawan




Cambodia


Phnom Penh

Siem Reap




China


Beijing

Guangzhou

Shanghai

Chongqing

Changsa

Kunming

Xiamen

Chengdu




Hong Kong


Hong Kong




Japan


Nagoya

Osaka

Tokyo

Tokyo

Sapporo

Takamatsu

Fukuoka

Kagoshima

Kumamoto

Matsuyama

Okinawa

Asahikawa

Hiroshima

Hakodate

Kushiro

Komatsu

Sendai

Osaka




Macau


Macau




Malaysia


Kuala Lumpur

Kota Kinabalu

Penang




Myanmar


Yangon

Mandalay




Philippines


Manila




Singapore


Singapore




South Korea


Seoul

Busan




Taiwan


Taipei

Kaohsiung




Thailand


Bangkok

Chiang Mai

Hat Yai

Krabi

Phuket

Ko Samui

Surat Thani

Udon Thani

Chiang Rai

Khon Kaen

Ubon Ratchathani




Vietnam


Hanoi

Ho Chi Minh City




India


New Delhi

Mumbai

Bangalore

Hyderabad

Chennai

Kolkata

Gaya

Varanasi




Bangladesh


Dhaka




Nepal


Kathmandu




Germany


Frankfurt




Netherlands


Amsterdam




France


Paris




United Kingdom


London




Sri Lanka


Colombo




New Zealand


Auckland




Laos


Luang Prabang

Vientiane



Thai Airways Popular Routes

Jakarta – Denpasar Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Surabaya Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Singapore Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Malang Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Yogyakarta Flight Tickets
Yogyakarta – Singapore Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Medan Flight Tickets
Surabaya – Jakarta Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Lombok Flight Tickets
Popular Hotels

Hotels in Jakarta
Hotels in Bali
Hotels in Yogyakarta
Hotels in Malang
Hotels in Bandung
Hotels in Singapore
Hotels in Bogor
Hotels in Surabaya
Hotels in Semarang



Profile

About Thai Airways
Thai Airways History
Contact Thai Airways

About Thai Airways


Thai Airways (IATA code: TG)
—or sometimes known as THAI—is the only airline that carries Thailand’s national flag. The airline has the vision to become the number one choice for flights, and carries the slogan "I FLY - Smooth as silk." From Suvarnabhumi Airport in Bangkok, Thai Airways operates flights to 84 destinations around the world, supported by 94 fleets and 22,684 crews. Thai Airways flight routes are focused mostly on Europe, East Asia, South Asia and Southeast Asia. The airline also serves flights to five cities in Oceania. Thai Airways was the first Asia-Pacific airline to open a route to Heathrow Airport in London. In Europe, Thai Airways has the largest passenger operations.

Since its presence in 1988, the airline has produced and applied technological innovation in its businesses, while promoting the impressive culture and traditions of Thailand worldwide. As a result, the airline has won various awards, including Best Economy Class Seats and Best Premium Economy Class Catering in 2011, Asia’s Best Cabin Staff in 2014, and Most Improved Airline and Best Airline Spa Facility in 2016.

In its day to day operations, Thai Airways offers four flight classes, which are Economy Class, Premium Economy Class, Royal Silk Class (Business Class), and Royal First Class. Thai Airways is widely known for its affordable tickets and excellent service in its Economy Class. Thai Airways’ Economy Class provides a spacious seating arrangement and is equipped with audio-visual systems on demand (AVOD). It provides a variety of entertainment choices ranging from movies to meditation practices. Passengers in the Economy Class are also entitled to 20 kg of checked baggage, both on domestic and international flights. Meanwhile, Royal Silk Class passengers are entitled to 40 kg of checked baggage and Royal First Class passengers, 50 kg. Infants not purchasing an individual ticket are entitled to 10 kg of baggage, excluding baby carriers and strollers, while child passengers will get the same baggage allowance as adult passengers.

Thai Airways also offers the Royal Orchid Plus program for passengers who want to earn points in the form of Qualifying Miles (Q Miles) while flying with Thai Airways and fellow Star Alliance carriers. The points can be redeemed for a variety of benefits, such as a class upgrade on Thai Airways or fellow Star Alliance flights, or hotel stays. There are four types of Royal Orchid Plus membership, namely Basic, Silver, Gold, and Platinum. Silver members of Royal Orchid Plus are also entitled to 10 kg of extra baggage, while Gold members are entitled to 20 kg of extra baggage.

To board an international flight, passengers are advised to check in at the airport at least 40 minutes before departure, and present themselves at the boarding gate at least 10 minutes before departure. While for domestic flights, passengers must check in at least 30 minutes before the scheduled departure time , as the gate will be closed 10 minutes before the plane departs.


Thai Airways History


Thai Airways was originally established in 1960 as a joint venture with Scandinavian Airlines (SAS), who held 30% of Thai Airways’ shares. This collaboration was aimed to build an international flight business unit out of an existing domestic flight unit. SAS provided operational, managerial, and marketing training so that Thai Airways could become an independent national airline within a short time. 

Gradually, the Thai Government took over the managerial responsibilities and reduced the number of expatriate employees within the airline. On 1 April 1977, after 17 years of cooperation between THAI and SAS, Thai nationals bought the remaining shares owned by SAS and Thai Airways became an airline owned by the Thai Government. At that time, Thai Airways was already operating flights to nine countries from Suvarnabhumi Airport, Bangkok. In 1987, the number of expatriates was reduced to only 1% of the total Thai Airways staffs.

Thai Airways has been listed on the Stock Exchange of Thailand since 1991, and now the Thai Ministry of Finance owns 51% of its shares, in which 47% was offered to the public. In 1997, Thai Airways planned to undergo a privatization program, which was the first in the history of Thailand. 

Throughout the 2000s, Thai Airways developed its business by adding more routes and aircrafts. In 2005, Thai Airways created non-stop services from Bangkok to New York and from Bangkok to Los Angeles, using Airbus A340-500s. At that time, these routes were the longest non-stop flights in the world. However, the routes were disbanded in 2008 due to high fuel costs, restrictions on baggage weight, and increasingly high ticket prices. The flight to Los Angeles was converted into a one-stop service via Seoul on 1 May 2012, and instead of using A340s, the airline started using Boeing 777-200ER.

In 2006, Thai Airways moved its operational hub to the new Bangkok Suvarnabhumi Airport. The airline also launched a new brand image by introducing a new crew uniform design, new aircraft seats, and better ground and air services. In this decade, Thai Airways has also expanded its route network beyond its Bangkok hub, and begun serving flights from Phuket to Tokyo-Narita, Seoul, and Hong Kong.

However in the late 2000s, Thai Airways’ growth was hampered due to the world’s rising oil price, the domestic political turmoil in Thailand, the global economic crisis of late 2000s. For the first time, Thai Airways experienced losses in 2008 after continually achieving profitability for 40 years. After some restructuring initiatives, including a two-year deferral of Airbus A380 delivery, the company began to get its profit back.

To celebrate its 50th birthday in 2010, Thai Airways purchased Boeing 787 and Airbus A350 and upgraded the cabin of its Boeing 747 and Boeing 777 to improve its services. In December 2011, Thai Airways launched a test flight as part of its Corporate Social Responsibility, which was then called Travel Green. The program was aimed to reduce carbon dioxide emissions in regional air travel and to solidify the position of Thailand as the "bio hub" of Asia. Thai Airways has begun its first step to becoming the first airline in Asia to use biofuel on commercial flights.




Contact Thai Airways


(+6221) 390-3588




Thai Airways Office


Thai Airways


Wisma Nusantara 26th Floor
JL.M.H. Thamrin No.59 
Jakarta 10350 
Indonesia



Share






Share














Register your email and enjoy up to 70% member-only discount!





Join




Customer Service
0804-1500-308
About Traveloka
How to Book
Contact Us
Help Center
Careers
Installment
Others
Blog
Newsletter Subscription
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Register Your Hotel
Traveloka Press Room
Products
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data
Attractions & Activities
Download Traveloka App
Payment Partners
Follow us on
Copyright © 2017 Traveloka
?
Need help?
evtbvsrwfq