Telkomsel Data Package
warning
This site needs Javascript. Please activate Javascript to continue.
Promos
Retrieve Booking
IDR
My Account
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data Packages
Attractions & Activities
Enter Destination Number
Make sure your prepaid mobile or BOLT! number is entered correctly.
Choose Product
Top-Up
Data Package
When purchasing data packages, the destination number must not be within the grace period.
Details:
The product details will be shown here.

Buy Now
Pulsa & Internet
>
Paket Internet
>
Telkomsel

Telkomsel Data Package

Buy Telkomsel Data Package in Traveloka



Telkomsel Data Package







Product Name

Price



Telkomsel Data - 25.000
270MB to 750MB data + 1GB VideoMax bonus (based on zone info).


Rp 24.700
Telkomsel Data - 50.000
800MB to 1.5GB data + 1GB midnight data bonus + 3GB VideoMax bonus (based on zone info).


Rp 49.500
Telkomsel Data - 100.000
2.5GB to 4.5GB data + 2GB 4G data bonus + 2GB midnight data bonus + 5GB VideoMax bonus (based on zone info).


Rp 98.500
Telkomsel Data - 150.000
4.5GB to 6.5GB data + 2GB 4G data bonus + 2GB midnight data bonus + 7GB VideoMax bonus (based on zone info).


Rp 148.000
Telkomsel Data - 200.000
7GB to 9GB data + 2GB 4G data bonus + 2GB midnight data bonus + 7GB VideoMax bonus (based on zone info).


Rp 197.000




Find our best deals and discount at Traveloka App


Telkomsel Internet Package
How to Buy Telkomsel Data Package in Traveloka
Various Affordable Telkomsel Data Package Choices
How to Check the Remaining Telkomsel Quota
How to Choose Telkomsel Data Package
Credit

Simpati Top-Up
Kartu As Top-Up
XL Top-Up
IM3 Top-Up
Telkomsel Top-Up
Indosat Top-Up
Mentari Top-Up
Axis Top-Up
Tri Top-Up
BOLT! Top-Up
Smartfren Top-Up
Loop Top-Up
Data Package

Simpati Data Package
Kartu As Data Package
XL Data Package
IM3 Data Package
Telkomsel Data Package
Indosat Data Package
Mentari Data Package
Axis Data Package
Tri Data Package
BOLT! Data Package
Loop Data Package



Telkomsel Internet Package

Telkomsel is one of the best mobile network operators in Indonesia. The operator also provides  internet services that you can access through your mobile phone or computer/laptop using modem. Until now, Telkomsel’s internet connection and network are still considered to be the most stable and widest among other operators in Indonesia.

Traveloka provides Telkomsel data package for you. The available packages are the special choices for your connectivity needs. In one application, you can find the best data packages of Simpati, Kartu As, and Loop. Also, Traveloka is ready to offer the best price for all of you.

How to Buy Telkomsel Data Package in Traveloka

Now, Telkomsel data packages are  available to purchase in Traveloka only on its mobile application, Traveloka App. .

Before  purchasing Telkomsel internet package, make sure that the Traveloka App is already installed on your mobile phone. If you haven’t install it, download the application in Play Store (Android) and App Store (iOS) freely.

After the application is completely installed, choose “Top-up and Data Packages” menu in the homepage. Continue by entering your number and choose data package, then pick the data package that suits your needs. After that, finish the payment using various methods  available in Traveloka. Once the payment is done, the data package will be added into your Telkomsel number, and you can use it right away.

Various Affordable Telkomsel Data Package Choices

At this moment, Traveloka provide all of the prepaid operator’s Telkomsel data packages (Simpati, Kartu As, and Loop). All of the packages prices  are quite competitive, but the amount depends on each Telkomsel area zone.

Simpati

Traveloka provides the most affordable Simpati data packages. Those packages are priced between of IDR 25,000, IDR 50,000, and IDR 100,000. Approximately the quota is starting from 300 MB – 4.5 GB with 30 days active period with a bonus quota. For more data package details, visit Simpati Data Packages page on Traveloka website.

Kartu As

There are three available Kartu As data packages in Traveloka. The choices are priced between  IDR 25,000, IDR 50,000, and IDR 100,000. The amount of quota that you will get depends on your area zone. Each package information can be seen on Kartu As Data Package page on Traveloka website.

Loop

In Traveloka you can find Loop data packages in a simple way  (so you don’t have to be confused in comparing each package). Loop Data Package is available with aprice range of IDR 25,000, IDR 50,000, up to IDR 100,000. The quota available are around 300 MB – 4.5 GB with bonus quota and 30 days active period. The package detail can be seen in Loop Data Package page on Traveloka website.

Telkomsel Internet Signal Range

Telkomsel Internet Signal range is the widest in Indonesia. It applies to 2G/3G and 4G network all over Indonesia.

2G/3G network

Sumatra: Nanggroe Aceh Darussalam, North Sumatera, Kepulauan Riau, Riau, West Sumatra, Jambi, South Sumatera, Bangka Belitung, Bengkulu, Lampung

Java: Banten, West Java, DKI Jakarta, Central Java, DI Yogyakarta, East Java

Kalimantan:  North Kalimantan, East Kalimantan, West Kalimantan, Central Kalimantan, South Kalimantan

Bali

Nusa Tenggara: West Nusa Tenggara, East Nusa Tenggara

Sulawesi: North Sulawesi, South Sulawesi, Southeast Sulawesi, Central Sulawesi, Gorontalo, West Sulawesi

Maluku: Maluku, North Maluku

Papua: Papua, West Papua

4G Network

Sumatra: Nanggroe Aceh Darussalam, North Sumatera, Kepulauan Riau, Riau, West Sumatra, Jambi, South Sumatera, Bangka Belitung, Bengkulu, Lampung

Java: Banten, West Java, DKI Jakarta, Central Java, DI Yogyakarta, East Java

Kalimantan:  North Kalimantan, East Kalimantan, West Kalimantan, Central Kalimantan, South Kalimantan

Bali

Nusa Tenggara: West Nusa Tenggara, East Nusa Tenggara

Sulawesi: North Sulawesi, South Sulawesi, Southeast Sulawesi, Central Sulawesi, Gorontalo, West Sulawesi

Maluku: Maluku, North Maluku

Papua: Papua, West Papua

*Note: limited on each capital city and popular cities.

How to Check the Remaining Telkomsel Quota

There are 4 common ways to check out your remaining Telkomsel data package quota.

1. Through SMS

Type a SMS with a format of UL (space) INFO or FLASH(space)INFO in your mobile phone. Send the SMS to 3636. You will receive a SMS reply that will inform your Simpati data package balance information, especially for Simpati Flash internet package user.

2. Through USSD code dial-p menu

Put *889# code on your call screen on your mobile phone, then press “call/yes/ok/dial”. Pop-up menu will be showed up along with your internet quota balance and its bonuses.

Another way is you can also call *363# with the same method as the previous one. The pop-up menu will show up with many choices. Put number 9 to continue to the “Status Check/Stop” menu, continue by typing the number 1 to enter the “Status Check” menu. Lastly, 3636 from Telkomsel will send you an SMS to inform your remaining data package quota and its active period.

3. Using Telkomsel website

Go to MyTelkomsel (my.telkomsel.com) website to check your quota through the website. Put your phone number on the available field. Later on, the system will send you a verification number that you have to put on the website. After that, the website will show a full information about your quota balance. You have to be signed up as MyTelkomsel member to use the feature. If you don’t have an account yet, sign yourself up using your phone number, it’s easier because you will only be asked to fill in your name soon after entering your phone number on the main page of the website.

Another way to check the quota is by accessing Telkomsel mobile web. After accessing the website, choose profile menu, then pick data package menu. On the next page, you will be asked to log in by putting your Telkomsel number and verification number that you can get from accessing *323# through your phone. Finally the internet quota balance will be shown up after you login.

4. Using MyTelkomsel application

My Telkomsel application is available for free on Android and iOS. Make sure you download and install the application on your mobile phone to check your remaining quota balance. Then, open up the application and login using your Telkomsel number. All of the complete information regarding to Telkomsel points, your balance, and data package status will be shown in the application.

How to Choose Telkomsel Data Package

Every person has their own personal needs in data package use. To avoid picking the wrong choice for your data package, read on for following tips:


Know your Telkomsel number. Whether it is Simpati, Kartu As, or Loop. Different SIM cards have different data packages to offer as well. Knowing your SIM card type will make you aware of what kind of data package that suits your needs.

Next, do the calculation on your internet usage pattern. Count how much is the average quota you use in a day, a week, and a month. After knowing your quota needs, choose the Telkomsel data package that gives you the amount you need in a month, or at least 1 GB more than what you actually need.

Find out which internet usage that uses the most quota. .Is it for browsing, chatting, social media, or movie and music streaming? Each of Telkomsel operators serve different advantages or bonus quota (check out Telkomsel Data Package Choices’ page)





Share









Customer Service
0804-1500-308
About Traveloka
How to Book
Contact Us
Help Center
Careers
Installment
Others
Blog
Newsletter Subscription
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Register Your Hotel
Traveloka Press Room
Products
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data
Attractions & Activities
Download Traveloka App
Payment Partners
Follow us on
Copyright © 2017 Traveloka
?
Need help?
evtbvsrwfq