Sriwijaya Online Booking - Get Sriwijaya Promotion and Cheap Flight Tickets on Traveloka
warning
This site needs Javascript. Please activate Javascript to continue.
Promos
Retrieve Booking
IDR
My Account
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data Packages
Attractions & Activities
Flights
Flight + Hotel
Save More!
Search cheap and promo Sriwijaya Air flight tickets here!
1
Flight Destination
2
Date of Flight
3
Search Flights
From:
To:
Departure:
One-way
Return
Adult
Child
Infant
Seat Class:
Search Flights
Save up to 20% on Flight + Hotel Packages. Book now!
1
Flight Details
2
Hotel Details
Search Packages


Overview
Service & Facilities
Policies
Flight Routes
Profile










Get the best Sriwijaya Air promotion and deals from Traveloka. Register your email and enjoy up to 70% member-only discount!







Join







Sriwijaya Air: An Introduction
The third largest airline in Indonesia,
Sriwijaya Air
is a Category 1 airline in operational safety. Sriwijaya Air has received Boeing International Award in the category of Aircraft Safety and Maintenance in 2007 and Basic Aviation Risk Standard from Flight Safety Foundation in 2015. Established since 2003, Sriwijaya Air offers flights to 53 domestic destinations and four international destinations. Flights are available in economy class and business class.



Overview

Sriwijaya Air Booking & E-ticket
Traveloka Airline Partners
Traveloka Official Payment Partners


Sriwijaya Air Booking & E-ticket

Search and book your Sriwijaya Air flight tickets online via Traveloka to get the best price and promotions.

How to Book
Here’s how you can book your Sriwijaya Air ticket online:

Go to
Traveloka website
or open your Traveloka App

Fill in the flight details in the search box

Choose and book your flight

Fill in contact information and passenger details

Complete your payment through the selected method

Receive your Sriwijaya Air e-ticket in
My Booking
or in your email




How to Pay
Payment for your Sriwijaya Air ticket can be made via bank transfer (ATM/SMS Banking/e-banking/bank teller), credit card, and Indomaret.
For complete information about payment methods, please visit
How to Pay
.



Sriwijaya Air E-ticket
Sriwijaya Air e-ticket is an eligible proof for booking an Sriwijaya Air flight. Show your e-ticket during check-in at the Sriwijaya Air counter at the airport, or use it for self check-in (at the airport or online), to get your boarding pass.

If you have not received your e-ticket within 60 minutes after payment is completed, please contact Traveloka Customer Service.


Traveloka Airline Partners - Domestic & International








Traveloka Official Payment Partners

























Service & Facilities

Sriwijaya Air Rating
Sriwijaya Air Seat Class
Sriwijaya Air Fleet
Sriwijaya Air In-flight Crew


Sriwijaya Air Rating



based on
24 reviews

Service standard:
Medium Service





Sriwijaya Air Seat Class


Economy Class


Sriwijaya Air focuses its service on delivering comfort to passengers, even in economy class. Besides the sufficiently wide seat, the airline also provides passengers with a baggage allowance of 20 kg, except for flights to Tanjung Pinang, where baggage allowance is limited to 15 kg. Passengers who book their flight online and want to choose their own seat on the plane can come early to the check-in counter at the airport before the departure.




In-flight Meal

Sriwijaya Air’s commitment to passengers' comfort is reflected even in its in-flight meal. Economy class passengers will be served mineral water and snack, packed in Sriwijaya Air’s signature blue paper box.





Business Class


Business class passengers are entitled to more comfort and convenience before, during and after the flight. Passengers in Sriwijaya Air’s Business Class can check up to 30 kg of baggage — 10 kg more than what is allowed for passengers in Economy Class. Passengers also receive access to the airline’s executive lounge at the airport and to the private car service that can take them straight to the plane.




In-flight Meal

Business class passengers receive complete in-flight meals and a luxurious service. In Sriwijaya Air’s Business Class meals are served on ceramic plates, which come with high-quality cutlery, giving the passengers the full fine dining experience up in the sky. Passengers can order hot meals as well as desserts, which range from fruits to ice cream.




Sriwijaya Air Fleet



Boeing 737-900ER


Seat class:

Economy


Seat layout:

3-3 (Economy)


Seat pitch:

26 inches (Economy)


In-flight entertainment:
Not Available

WiFi:
Not Available

Power/USB port:
Not Available








Sriwijaya Air In-flight Crew





Sriwijaya Air Flight Attendant Uniform

On its 12th anniversary on 10 November 2015, Sriwijaya Air launched its newest flight attendant uniform. Consisting of a bright yellow blazer, a pair of red trousers and a red scarf, the new Sriwijaya Air flight attendant uniform is elegant, neat and polite. This new model is similar in shape to the flight attendant uniform of NAM Air, one of Sriwijaya Air’s subsidiaries.



Policies

Sriwijaya Air Baggage Allowance
Sriwijaya Air Passenger Policy
Sriwijaya Air Check-in Policy
Sriwijaya Air Refund Policy
Sriwijaya Air Reschedule Policy


Sriwijaya Air Baggage Allowance




Flight Route
Seat Class
Cabin Baggage
Check-in Baggage




All routes

Economy Class

Max. 7 kg
(1 hand baggage + 1 personal item)

Max. 20 kg

Business Class

Max. 30 kg



Sriwijaya Air Passenger Policy


Infant Passenger Policy (0-2 Years Old)


Infant passengers are charged 10% of the adult ticket fare.

Infant passengers should have a maximum waistline of 40 cm.

Infant passengers are not assigned an individual seat and not provided with a baggage allowance. Infant passengers are required to sit on their parent’s or adult guardian’s lap.

When seated, the infant’s head should be lower than the adult’s nose.





Child Passenger Policy (2-12 Years Old)


Child passengers older than 2 years old are required to have individual tickets.

Child passengers with their own ticket are assigned an individual seat onboard.

Child passengers will be charged the same ticket fare as adult passengers.





Pregnant Passenger Policy


Passengers beyond their 32 weeks of pregnancy are not allowed onboard.

Pregnant passengers are required to submit an official letter or certificate from a medical practitioner.

Pregnant passengers are required to fill in and sign a statement letter provided by Sriwijaya Air.





Disabled Passenger Policy


Passengers with disability or special needs are required to inform Sriwijaya Air during booking. They must complete the required supporting documents and sign a statement letter.

Passengers with disability or special needs can book a wheelchair service up until 24 hours before departure.

Passengers with disability or special needs must be accompanied by an adult who can assist them at the airport and on the flight.

Passengers with disability or special needs are required to check-in directly at the airport earlier than the standard check-in time.

Passengers with visual impairments will be provided with a Braille flight manual.



Sriwijaya Air Check-in Policy


Sriwijaya Air Check-in Time

Please find the check-in time for all Sriwijaya Air flights on the table below. Check-in time may vary if your flight is operated by a partner airline. Please check your e-ticket to ensure.



Flight Route

Recommended Check-in Time

Check-in Time Limit




Domestic

1 hour 45 minutes before departure

30 minutes before departure





Sriwijaya Air Online Check-in

Online check-in is also available for Sriwijaya Air flights. Please follow the steps below.

Go to
Sriwijaya Air web check-in page

Enter your booking code, or other booking details, as instructed

Complete your check-in details

Save and/or print your boarding pass




Sriwijaya Air Refund Policy

In general, refunds are permitted for personal reasons (self-cancellation, sickness, pregnancy, or death of a passenger), cancellation/rescheduling by the airline, force majeure, or double booking. However, different airlines have different policies regarding acceptable refund reasons. Please visit
Sriwijaya Air Refund Policy
for a complete information on refund.
How to Refund




Sriwijaya Air Reschedule Policy

You can easily change your flight schedule and itinerary using Easy Reschedule. Some airlines allow changes to date, time, route, and airline, while some only allow changes to date and time. 

Please refer to
Sriwijaya Air Reschedule Terms & Conditions
to find the complete guide to rescheduling your flight. If your flight is not eligible for Easy Reschedule, please contact Sriwijaya Air directly to reschedule.
How to Reschedule




Flight Routes

Sriwijaya Air Schedule
Sriwijaya Air Destinations
Sriwijaya Air Popular Routes
Popular Hotels



Sriwijaya Air Destinations



Java


Bandung

Banyuwangi

Jakarta

Malang

Semarang

Solo

Surabaya

Yogyakarta




Sumatra


Bandar Lampung

Batam

Bengkulu

Jambi

Medan

Natuna

Padang

Palembang

Bangka / Pangkal Pinang

Pekanbaru

Silangit

Belitung / Tanjung Pandan

Bintan / Tanjung Pinang

Lubuk Linggau

Muara Bungo




Borneo


Balikpapan

Banjarmasin

Berau

Ketapang

Pangkalan Bun

Pontianak

Putussibau

Sampit

Sintang

Tarakan




Sulawesi


Gorontalo

Kendari

Luwuk

Makassar

Mamuju

Manado

Palu




Bali & Lesser Sunda Is.


Alor

Bima

Bali / Denpasar

Ende

Kupang

Labuan Bajo

Maumere

Ruteng

Waikabubak

Waingapu

Bajawa

Larantuka




Moluccas & Papua


Ambon

Biak

Fak Fak

Jayapura

Kaimana

Manokwari

Merauke

Nabire

Sorong

Ternate

Timika




Malaysia


Penang




Timor Leste


Dili



Sriwijaya Air Popular Routes

Jakarta – Denpasar Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Surabaya Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Singapore Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Malang Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Yogyakarta Flight Tickets
Yogyakarta – Singapore Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Medan Flight Tickets
Surabaya – Jakarta Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Lombok Flight Tickets
Popular Hotels

Hotels in Jakarta
Hotels in Bali
Hotels in Yogyakarta
Hotels in Malang
Hotels in Bandung
Hotels in Singapore
Hotels in Bogor
Hotels in Surabaya
Hotels in Semarang



Profile

About Sriwijaya Air
Sriwijaya Air History
Contact Sriwijaya Air

About Sriwijaya Air


Headquartered in Jakarta,
Sriwijaya Air (IATA code: SJ)
is committed to serve flights to all corners of Indonesia. Established in 2003, the airline now flies to 53 domestic destinations. With the slogan “Your flying partner”, it aims to provide passengers with the best flight value on all its classes, be it economy or business class.

Despite offering affordable prices, however, the airline’s main priority remains the passengers’ security, safety and comfort. Headed by Chandra Lie as President Director, Sriwijaya Air has been placed in Category 1 for operational safety by Air Operator Certificate (AOC). The airline has also received other awards, such as Customer Aviation Partnership Award from Pertamina in 2007 and Indonesian Most Branded Service from Markplus & Co in 2008.

The spirit of Sriwijaya Air can be seen from its logo, which combines the airline’s name, its slogan and the RU-YI symbol adapted from Chinese philosophy. The large printing of “Sriwijaya Air” in blue makes it easy to spot the aircraft from afar, representing the airline’s dream of greatness, just like the glory of the Sriwijaya Kingdom, after which the airline was named. The RU-YI symbol, on the other hand, represents the airline’s faith in achieving its dream, while the blue and red underlines respectively represent Indonesia’s seas, and the bravery and wisdom of Sriwijaya Air’s leaders and crew.

White dominates the body of the Sriwijaya Air aircraft, symbolizing a clean heart, which is expected from every Sriwijaya Air crew, while the shape of heart on the plane’s roof describes the crew and management’s love for and bond to the company.  Each Sriwijaya Air aircraft unit also carries a special name, printed on the nose of the aircraft.


Sriwijaya Air History


Sriwijaya Air operated its first flight on 10 November 2003. In the beginning, the airline served four round-trip flight routes, which included Jakarta – Jambi, Jakarta – Palembang, Jakarta – Pangkal Pinang, and Jakarta – Pontianak. Then, it gradually added more routes, especially domestically. Today, Sriwijaya Air operates its flight using aircraft from Boeing, an aircraft manufacturer established in 1917.

Chandra Lie, Hendry Lie, Johannes Bunjamin, and Andy Halim are the founders of Sriwijaya Air. As a limited corporation, the founding of the airline was also supported by experts, such as Supardi, Capt. Kusnadi, Capt. Adil W., Capt. Harwick L., Gabriella, Suwarsono, and Joko Widodo. The establishment of Sriwijaya Air was first initiated by Chandra Lie, who has been holding the president director position at the airline. Chandra was born in Pangkal Pinang, a city in the province of Bangka Belitung, but moved to Jakarta when he was in high school. Chandra’s career in entrepreneurship began in garment industry.

Finding it hard to return to his hometown because of limited transportation options, Chandra saw an opportunity to start an airline business. He then equipped himself with the knowledge and other things necessary to start one, which eventually led to the approval to build PT Sriwijaya Air. With the help of his brother, entrepreneur Hendry Lie, who provided the capital support, Chandra was able to establish and have the airline operated in early 2003 with a Boeing 737-200. 

In Sriwijaya Air's management, Hendry Lie occupies a seat in the board of commissioners together with other founders, such as Johannes Bunjamin and Andy Halim, whose responsibilities include providing supervision and advice to the company’s directors. Under Chandra Lie's leadership, Sriwijaya Air has been progressing. During its 12-year journey, the airline has never encountered any significant problems. It has been able to compete and become one of Indonesia’s renowned airlines. Chandra’s leadership has earned him the Entrepreneurial Spirit Award from Ernst & Young Indonesia.

Today, Sriwijaya Air Group has grown to include several subsidiaries, all of which carry the name or abbreviation NAM. The name and abbreviation was inspired by Lo Kui Nam, the father of founders Chandra Lie, Hendry Lie and Andy Halim. The subsidiaries of Sriwijaya Air Group include:
NAM Air
NAM Air is the feeder airline of Sriwijaya Air. NAM Air’s fleet consists of Boeing 737-500 aircraft with a capacity of 120 seats. The seating configuration is divided into two classes, with eight seats allocated for Business Class and 112 seats for Economy Class.
National Aviation Management
National Aviation Management is a limited liability company that oversees the National Aviation Management (NAM Flying School). This school was initiated by Chandra Lie, Hendry Lie, and Fandy Lingga. With the help of Capt. Soenaryo Yosopratomo as a professional, this limited liability company began its operations on 12 June 2008. NAM Flying School is located in Depati Amir, Pangkal Pinang in the province of Bangka Belitung. The flying school offers six courses, such as private pilot course, commercial pilot course, instrument rating course, flight instructor course, type rating course, and foreign endorsement course.
National Aircrew Management
National Aircrew Management, which is based in Jakarta, offers further studies for the graduates of NAM Flying School. Although alumni of NAM Flying School have mastered the various flight theories, they still have to have hours of flying experience and mental maturity to fly a commercial flight. NAM Flying School students receive a Student Pilot License (SPL) upon graduation, but they still have to acquire advanced licenses, such as Private Pilot License (PPL), Commercial Pilot License (CPL), instrument rating (IR) license, multi-engine rating (MER) license, airplane pilot transportation license (Aircraft Transport Pilot License/ATPL), and pilot type rating license, to become a commercial pilot. Further studies at the National Aircrew Management allow them to obtain such licenses.
National Aircraft Maintenance
Negeri Aksara Mandiri
Malaysia
The high demand of Indonesians to visit Malaysia encouraged Sriwijaya Air to offer Indonesia – Malaysia flights. Sriwijaya Air has opened a Medan – Penang flight route since 2008, as well as Terrain – Trengganu and Medan – Ipoh since 2014.
People’s Republic of China (PRC)
Sriwijaya Air has more than 15 round-trip flights from Indonesia to China, and is looking to add more routes. This makes Sriwijaya Air the airline with the most number of flights to the People’s Republic of China.
Singapore
Timor-Leste


Contact Sriwijaya Air


+62804 177 7777




Sriwijaya Air Office


Sriwijaya Air


Bandara Soekarno-Hatta
Jl. Marsekal Suryadarma No. 1
M I Neglasari,Tangerang
Indonesia



Share














Register your email and enjoy up to 70% member-only discount!





Join




Customer Service
0804-1500-308
About Traveloka
How to Book
Contact Us
Help Center
Careers
Installment
Others
Blog
Newsletter Subscription
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Register Your Hotel
Traveloka Press Room
Products
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data
Attractions & Activities
Download Traveloka App
Payment Partners
Follow us on
Copyright © 2017 Traveloka
?
Need help?
evtbvsrwfq