Malaysia Airlines Online Booking - Get Malaysia Airlines Promotion and Cheap Flight Tickets on Traveloka
warning
This site needs Javascript. Please activate Javascript to continue.
Promos
Retrieve Booking
IDR
My Account
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data Packages
Attractions & Activities
Search cheap and promo Malaysia Airlines flight tickets here!
Flight Destination
From:
To:
Date of Flight
Departure:

One-way
Return
Return:

Search Flights
No. of Passengers:
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
0
1
2
3
4
Seat Class:
Economy
Search Flights
<div id="smartCari">Search +</div> Auto-search


Overview
Service & Facilities
Policies
Flight Routes
Profile










Get the best Malaysia Airlines promotion and deals from Traveloka. Register your email and enjoy up to 70% member-only discount!







Join







Malaysia Airlines: An Introduction
Malaysia Airlines
is the national carrier of Malaysia, offering the best way to fly to, from, and around Malaysia. As a member of
one
world® alliance, Malaysia Airlines and its partners offer a seamless travel experience to more than 1,000 destinations in more than 150 countries. Malaysia Airlines offers three types of flight classes, such as Economy Class, Business Class, and First Class. It also gives its frequent flyer members special access to more than 650 airport lounges worldwide.



Overview

Malaysia Airlines Booking & E-ticket
Traveloka Airline Partners
Traveloka Official Payment Partners


Malaysia Airlines Booking & E-ticket

Search and book your Malaysia Airlines flight tickets online via Traveloka to get the best price and promotions.

How to Book
Here’s how you can book your Malaysia Airlines ticket online:

Go to
Traveloka website
or open your Traveloka App

Fill in the flight details in the search box

Choose and book your flight

Fill in contact information and passenger details

Complete your payment through the selected method

Receive your Malaysia Airlines e-ticket in
My Booking
or in your email




How to Pay
Payment for your Malaysia Airlines ticket can be made via bank transfer (ATM/SMS Banking/e-banking/bank teller), credit card, and Indomaret.

For complete information about payment methods, please visit
How to Pay
.



Malaysia Airlines E-ticket
Malaysia Airlines e-ticket is an eligible proof for booking an Malaysia Airlines flight. Show your e-ticket during check-in at the Malaysia Airlines counter at the airport, or use it for self check-in (at the airport or online), to get your boarding pass.

If you have not received your e-ticket within 60 minutes after payment is completed, please contact Traveloka Customer Service.


Traveloka Airline Partners - Domestic & International








Traveloka Official Payment Partners

























Service & Facilities

Malaysia Airlines Rating
Malaysia Airlines Seat Class
Malaysia Airlines Privilege Programs
Malaysia Airlines Fleet
Malaysia Airlines In-flight Crew


Malaysia Airlines Rating



based on
795 reviews

Service standard:
Full Service





Malaysia Airlines Seat Class


Economy Class


Malaysia Airlines offers Favourite Spot, a service that allows Economy Class passengers to book any seat they prefer for their flight. This Favourite Spot service is applicable for online bookings only. As an option, passengers can still select their seat for free 48 hours before departure through Malaysia Airlines’ web check-in feature. The Economy Class seats in Malaysia Airlines are divided into two types, which are Premium and Standard Seats. Premium Seats are located only in the first few rows and near the emergency exit seats; the rest of them are Standard Seats. Thanks to its extra legroom, a 30 kg checked baggage allowance, and in-flight entertainment, Economy Class passengers will experience a satisfying flight journey with Malaysia Airlines.




In-flight Meal

The Economy Class on Malaysia Airlines flights offers up to 20 varieties of special meal to suit every passenger’s dietary requirements. Passengers must order and confirm their meal at least 24 hours before their departure via the online flight booking process, Global Customer Contact Centre, reservation and ticketing office, or travel agents.





Business Class


With spacious seats that can be reclined freely into a 180-degree fully flat position, Business Class passengers will have an extraordinary flight journey with maximum comfort. In-flight entertainment facility filled with movies, TV series, radio channels, games, and e-learning are also available for Business Class passengers along with check-in privileges. Every Business Class passenger is entitled to two pieces of checked baggage, with a total combined weight of 40 kg. Business Class passengers also get complimentary access to Malaysia Airlines’ Golden Lounge, where they can freshen up with a quick shower, grab a drink, or squeeze in some work with free WiFi while waiting to board their next flight.




In-flight Meal

Malaysia Airlines teams up with professional chefs to serve 25 meal options that Business Class passengers can book in advance, ranging from Malaysian Favourites and Chef’s Recommendations to Light Choice and Healthy Choice. These meal options come in different menus, depending on the flight route.




First Class


First Class passengers departing from Kuala Lumpur International Airport (KLIA) will gain access to Malaysia Airlines’ new fronted check-in lounge with luxurious service in a cozy space. Just like Business Class passengers, First Class passengers can wait for their boarding time at Malaysia Airlines’ exclusive Golden Lounge. Once the passenger is on board, First Class passengers can occupy their comfortable seats with a wide legroom that can be reclined to a 180-degree fully flat position. To add more to their comfort and enjoyment, passengers can also catch up on the latest movies, TV shows, games, or music during their flight. E-learning facilities are also available, complete with a special noise cancellation headphone.




In-flight Meal

Malaysia Airlines teams up with professional chefs to serve the best culinary menu for First Class passengers. Malaysia Airlines offers a Chef-on-Call service that allows passengers to order their meals in advance. The Chef-on-Call service is only available with confirmed tickets traveling to or from Kuala Lumpur, London, Sydney, Perth, Melbourne, Adelaide, Auckland, Incheon, Beijing, Shanghai, Narita, and Kansai.






Malaysia Airlines Privilege Programs





Enrich Miles

Malaysia Airlines’ frequent flyer program is incorporated with that of
one
world® alliance. Passengers will be able to earn miles from not only Malaysia Airlines, but also from other registered
one
world® airlines. There are at least three
one
world® tier levels offered, which are Malaysia Enrich Silver (
one
world® Ruby), Malaysia Enrich Gold (
one
world® Sapphire), and Malaysia Enrich Platinum (
one
world® Emerald). The Malaysia Airlines frequent flyer program offers many generous benefits, which include priority check-in and boarding, access to airport lounges, extra baggage allowance, priority baggage handling, and fast track at security lanes. Passengers can also redeem their miles for free flight tickets or certain promo vouchers. To join this frequent flyer program, passengers can simply sign up at Malaysia Airlines’ official website.


Airport Lounge

If the passengers are members of a frequent flyer class equivalent to the
one
world® Emerald or Sapphire tiers, or if they are traveling in Business Class or First Class with any
one
world® member airline, they will be able to access more than 600 airport lounges worldwide. This means they can relax or catch up with work while enjoying exclusive facilities such as spa. To be eligible, passengers must be departing on a flight that is both marketed and operated by a
one
world® member airline. They must also show their boarding pass and frequent flyer membership card with
one
world® Emerald or Sapphire tier status to gain access to the lounge.





Malaysia Airlines Fleet



Airbus 330-300


Seat class:

Economy

Business


Seat layout:

2-4-2 (Economy)

1-2-1 (Business)


Seat pitch:

32 inches (Economy)

60 inches (Business)


In-flight entertainment:
Available

WiFi:
Not Available

Power/USB port:
Available





Airbus 380-800


Seat class:

Economy

Business

First


Seat layout:

3-4-3 (Economy)

2-2-2 (Business)

1-2-1 (First)


Seat pitch:

32 inches (Economy)

72 inches (Business)

87 inches (First)


In-flight entertainment:
Available

WiFi:
Not Available

Power/USB port:
Available





Boeing 737-800


Seat class:

Economy

Business


Seat layout:

3-3 (Economy)

2-2 (Business)


Seat pitch:

30 inches (Economy)

42 inches (Business)


In-flight entertainment:
Available

WiFi:
Not Available

Power/USB port:
Available










Malaysia Airlines In-flight Crew





Malaysia Airlines Flight Attendant Uniform

Malaysia Airlines flight attendants wear kebaya with kelarai batik pattern for their uniform. The kelarai motif combines the shapes of Malaysian flora, such as cempaka, jasmine, and hibiscus leaves. Malaysia Airlines introduced their batik, which was designed by the School of Fashion at Mara Institute of Technology, in 1986. Since then, however, the Malaysia Airlines flight attendant uniform has been enhanced to feature brighter colors, such as red, green, blue, and purple, while maintaining its original pattern.



Policies

Malaysia Airlines Baggage Allowance
Malaysia Airlines Passenger Policy
Malaysia Airlines Check-in Policy
Malaysia Airlines Refund Policy
Malaysia Airlines Reschedule Policy


Malaysia Airlines Baggage Allowance




Flight Route
Seat Class
Cabin Baggage
Check-in Baggage




All routes

Economy Class

Max. 7 kg
(Dimension: max. 115 cm)

2 pcs (max. 30 kg)
(Dimension: max. 158 cm)

Business Class

2 pcs (max. 7kg/pc)
(Dimension: max. 115 cm)

2 pcs (max. 40 kg)
(Dimension: max. 158 cm)

First Class

2 pcs (max. 50 kg)
(Dimension: max. 158 cm)


Malaysia Airlines Passenger Policy


Infant Passenger Policy (0-2 Years Old)


Infants younger than 7 days old may not be allowed onboard.

One adult is only allowed to carry one infant on board.

Malaysia Airlines allows for an additional 10 kg baggage of purely baby essentials to be carried on board for every infant passenger.

Infants are allowed to sit on their own using a bassinet or a car seat for children. However, passengers are not allowed to carry their own bassinets into the cabin. Should they need one for their infant, reservations can be made during booking.

Since storage space is limited in the aircraft cabin, the acceptance of strollers as cabin items will be on a first come, first-served basis.

Malaysia Airlines provides a limited quantity of baby formula, food, and essentials including napkins, bottles, and brushes onboard to ensure the infant’s comfort during the flight. Facilities for heating baby food and sterilizing feeding bottles are available on certain flights.

Subject to special conditions, incubators as provided by hospitals for babies with heart or respiratory problems are permitted on certain Malaysia Airlines flights. However, only one incubator per flight is permitted.

At selected airports, Malaysia Airlines provides a Baby Changing Facility and Lactation Room, complete with cradle, high chair, diaper-changing table, and basic toiletries such as baby soap, talcum powder, and nappies.





Child Passenger Policy (2-12 Years Old)


Malaysia Airlines provides a program for unaccompanied young passengers between the age of 5 and 15 who are traveling alone. The program’s benefits are:


Malaysia Airlines’ Special Assistance Crew will provide friendly reassurance and guidance for the child traveling alone.

If there is a long wait before boarding, the child will be invited to relax and enjoy some light refreshments at the Malaysia Airlines Special Assistance Lounge.

During boarding, the child will be accompanied to the boarding gate and handed over to the cabin crew, who will make sure they are comfortably settled in on their seats.

On arrival, Malaysia Airlines staff will accompany the child through immigration and baggage collection before handing them over to the appointed guardian at the arrival gate.

This service must be requested upon reservation of ticket.


Malaysia Airlines’ flights are equipped with entertainment on board. There’s an Audio Video on Demand (AVOD) facility that offers a selection of movies, cartoons, and games that will keep the kids entertained.

If the passenger is traveling on a flight that has a meal service, Malaysia Airlines provides a special kids meal that is nutritionally designed for children aged 2 to 12 years old.

Malaysia Airlines provides a Child’s Play Room at selected airports that are equipped with toys, coloring books, comics, televisions, DVD players, and kid-sized writing tables and chairs.





Pregnant Passenger Policy


Pregnant passengers are required to show a letter from the doctor stating the duration of their pregnancy and any risk factors.

Malaysia Airlines does not allow pregnant passengers with the following conditions:


Passengers with multiple pregnancies of above 32 weeks;

For international flights, passengers with a pregnancy of above 35 weeks;

For domestic flights, passengers with a pregnancy of above 36 weeks;

It has been less than seven days after delivery.


Non-Malaysian passengers with a pregnancy over 6 months are not allowed to fly into the country.





Disabled Passenger Policy


Passengers with certain physical limitations or disability may qualify for rebates on flights within Malaysia by presenting their Orang Kurang Upaya (OKU) identification cards to Malaysia Airlines prior to issuance of tickets.

Malaysian Airlines accommodates certain stretcher cases depending on the aircraft space available and the severity of the passenger’s condition. Passengers traveling on a stretcher case must always be accompanied by a medically qualified personnel unless a prior exemption has been obtained from the company’s doctor.

If the passenger is diabetic, they are advised to have additional supplies of insulin or tablet medication, spare needles or syringes readily available in their hand baggage. For that, they will need to have a doctor’s authorization to confirm that they are insulin dependent.

Diabetic passengers also need to inform their condition to the airline at least a day in advance to arrange their meal requirements and restrictions.

Not all incapacitated passengers require medical clearance before being allowed onboard. However, medical clearance is required for passengers with the following conditions:


Those suffering from any contagious disease;

Those who, because of certain diseases or incapacitations, may have or may develop unusual behaviors or physical condition which could have an adverse effect on the welfare and comfort of other passengers;

Those who can be considered to be a potential hazard to the safety or punctuality of the flight;

Those who would require medical attention and/or special equipment during the flight;

Those who may have their medical condition aggravated during or because of the flight.


Medical clearance should be completed by the passenger prior to departure and must be submitted to the airline through the ticketing offices or travel agents at least five working days before the date of travel.



Malaysia Airlines Check-in Policy


Malaysia Airlines Check-in Time

Please find the check-in time for all Malaysia Airlines flights on the table below. Check-in time may vary if your flight is operated by a partner airline. Please check your e-ticket to ensure.



Flight Route

Recommended Check-in Time

Check-in Time Limit




Domestic

1 hour before departure

45 minutes before departure
International

2 hours before departure

60 minutes before departure





Malaysia Airlines Online Check-in

Online check-in is also available for Malaysia Airlines flights. Please follow the steps below.

Go to
Malaysia Airlines web check-in page

Enter your booking code, or other booking details, as instructed

Complete your check-in details

Save and/or print your boarding pass




Malaysia Airlines Refund Policy

In general, refunds are permitted for personal reasons (self-cancellation, sickness, pregnancy, or death of a passenger), cancellation/rescheduling by the airline, force majeure, or double booking. However, different airlines have different policies regarding acceptable refund reasons. Please visit
Malaysia Airlines Refund Policy
for a complete information on refund.
How to Refund




Malaysia Airlines Reschedule Policy

You can easily change your flight schedule and itinerary using Easy Reschedule. Some airlines allow changes to date, time, route, and airline, while some only allow changes to date and time. 

Please refer to
Malaysia Airlines Reschedule Terms & Conditions
to find the complete guide to rescheduling your flight. If your flight is not eligible for Easy Reschedule, please contact Malaysia Airlines directly to reschedule.
How to Reschedule




Flight Routes

Malaysia Airlines Schedule
Malaysia Airlines Destinations
Malaysia Airlines Popular Routes
Popular Hotels



Malaysia Airlines Destinations



Java


Jakarta

Surabaya




Sumatra


Medan




Bali & Lesser Sunda Is.


Bali / Denpasar




Australia


Adelaide

Darwin

Melbourne

Perth

Sydney




Brunei


Bandar Seri Begawan




Cambodia


Phnom Penh

Siem Reap




China


Beijing

Guangzhou

Haikou

Shanghai

Chongqing

Nanjing

Wuhan

Fuzhou

Xiamen




Hong Kong


Hong Kong




Japan


Nagoya

Osaka

Tokyo

Sapporo

Fukuoka




Malaysia


Johor Bahru

Kuching

Kuala Lumpur

Kota Kinabalu

Langkawi

Penang

Sibu

Alor Setar

Ipoh

Kerteh

Kota Bharu

Kuala Terengganu

Kuantan

Bario

Bakalalan

Bintulu

Kudat

Long Banga

Labuan

Lahad Datu

Long Lellang

Long Akah

Limbang

Lawas

Mukah

Marudi

Miri

Mulu

Long Seridan

Sandakan

Tanjung Manis

Tawau




Maldives


Male




Myanmar


Yangon




Philippines


Manila




Singapore


Singapore




South Korea


Seoul




Taiwan


Taipei




Thailand


Bangkok

Chiang Mai

Krabi

Phuket

Ko Samui




Vietnam


Hanoi

Ho Chi Minh City




Saudi Arabia


Jeddah




India


New Delhi

Mumbai

Bangalore

Hyderabad

Chennai




Bangladesh


Dhaka




Nepal


Kathmandu




United Arab Emirates


Abu Dhabi




Netherlands


Amsterdam




France


Paris




United Kingdom


London




Sri Lanka


Colombo




New Zealand


Auckland



Malaysia Airlines Popular Routes

Jakarta – Denpasar Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Surabaya Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Singapore Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Malang Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Yogyakarta Flight Tickets
Yogyakarta – Singapore Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Medan Flight Tickets
Surabaya – Jakarta Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Lombok Flight Tickets
Popular Hotels

Hotels in Jakarta
Hotels in Bali
Hotels in Yogyakarta
Hotels in Malang
Hotels in Bandung
Hotels in Singapore
Hotels in Bogor
Hotels in Surabaya
Hotels in Semarang



Profile

About Malaysia Airlines
Malaysia Airlines History
Contact Malaysia Airlines

About Malaysia Airlines


Malaysia Airlines (IATA code: MH)
formerly known as Malaysia Airlines System Berhad, is the national carrier of Malaysia with a hub in Kuala Lumpur International Airport. It also operates flights from secondary hubs in Kota Kinabalu and Kuching to destinations throughout Asia, Oceania, and Europe. On a daily basis, Malaysia Airlines carries around 40,000 passengers. As a member of
one
world®, Malaysia Airlines and its partners in the global alliance offer a seamless travel experience to more than 1,000 destinations in over 150 countries. In early 2016, Malaysia Airlines signed a codeshare partnership with Emirates to operate flights across Asia, Africa, the Americas, and the Middle East. One of the biggest achievements Malaysia Airlines has ever received is The World’s 5-Star Airlines from Skytrax in 2009, 2012, and 2013. Malaysia Airlines has also been named Asia’s Leading Airline in 2010, 2011, and 2013 by World Travel Awards. 

To ensure its passengers’ comfort, Malaysia Airlines offers three types of flight classes, which are Economy Class, Business Class, and First Class. Each passenger in those three flight classes is entitled to a baggage allowance, in-flight entertainment, and meals. However, those facilities come in different tiers. Business and First Class offers a more spacious seat than does Economy Class. Business and First Class passengers can also recline their seats into a 180-degree fully flat position. On the other hand, Malaysia Airlines provides a special service called Favourite Spot for its Economy Class passengers, in which they are allowed to book any seat they prefer for their flight. This Favourite Spot service is only applicable for online bookings only. As an option, passengers can still select their seat for free 48 hours before departure using the web check-in feature.

Besides the seat model, another facility that is only available to Business and First Class passengers is special access to Golden Lounge, Malaysia Airlines’ airport lounge that is located in Kuala Lumpur International Airport and London Heathrow International Airport. There are at least four Golden Lounges in International Airport Kuala Lumpur, which are KLIA Satellite Platinum, KLIA Satellite Business, KLIA Regional, and KLIA Domestic. However, Golden Lounge is not the only airport lounge that can be accessed by Business and First Class passengers. Since Malaysia Airlines is a member of
one
world®, its Business and First Class passengers also get to relax with style in more than 650 airport lounges worldwide before their flight.

Malaysia Airlines passengers are allowed to carry two pieces of checked baggage, each cannot measure more than 158 cm. However, the total allowed weight differs according to class. Economy Class passengers are allowed 30 kg of checked baggage, Business Class passengers get a total combined weight of 40 kg, and First Class passengers get 50 kg. Particularly for passengers traveling with infants, an extra cabin baggage measuring no larger than 115 cm, along with one stroller or carrying basket, is allowed. The weight of these items may not exceed 10 kg, and this condition is applicable to any class of travel.

Malaysia Airlines passengers can check their baggage during check-in. At airports located in Malaysia, the Malaysia Airlines check-in counters will be closed 45 minutes before departure for domestic flights and 60 minutes before departure for international flights. At international airports, the check-in counters will close 60 minutes before departure for both domestic and international flights. The departure gates, on the other hand, will be closed 20 minutes before departure for domestic and international flights in both domestic and international airports. Therefore, Malaysia Airlines recommends its passengers to arrive at the airport at least two hours before their flight, so they can handle their baggage, go through the security checkpoint, and board the aircraft without a rush.


Malaysia Airlines History


Before widely known as Malaysia Airlines, the airline started its journey as Malayan Airways Limited. Its first commercial flight was launched in 1947, and was headquartered in Singapore. In 1966, Malayan Airways Limited changed its name to Malaysia Singapore Airlines (MSA) before its assets were divided to form Singapore Airlines and Malaysian Airline System (MAS) in 1972. At that time, most of their international flights were flown out of Singapore, so Singapore Airlines automatically took over the international flights. MAS then took over all domestic routes within Malaysia and international routes out of that country. 

The years 1997 to 2005 can be considered as one of the most substantial periods in Malaysia Airlines journey in the aviation industry. The Asian Financial Crisis of 1997 caused the airline RM260 million in loss after earning a record-breaking RM333 million in the 1996/1997 financial year. MAS experienced further losses in 2000–2001 for RM417 million and RM836 million in 2001–2002. Because of this condition, MAS had to cut some unprofitable routes, such as Brussels, Darwin, Madrid, Munich, and Vancouver. The airline recovered from its losses the following year.

In 2006, MAS underwent some transformations. Under the leadership of Idris Jala, MAS launched its Business Turnaround Plan. Combined with various initiatives, MAS was able to earn a profit of RM852 million when the Business Turnaround Plan came to an end. One of the major contributors to this success was the route-rationalizing strategy. MAS decided to cut its domestic routes from 114 to 23, cancelled all unprofitable international routes, and rescheduled all of its flight timings. Emphasis had been placed on six areas, which are pricing, revenue management, network scheduling, opening storefronts, low season strategy, and distribution management. However, in 2009, Tengku Azmil Zahruddin took over as CEO of MAS due to Idris Jala’s appointment to the cabinet in 2009.

In May 2015, it was announced that the airline was going to rebrand and change its name to Malaysia Airlines Berhad on 1 September 2015. Under the leadership new CEO, Christoph Mueller, Malaysia Airlines adjusted its route network to focus on Asia. However, Mueller decided to resign from his position in April 2016, but stayed on the airline’s board as a non-executive director to oversee the transition to the new CEO, Peter Bellew.

Today, Malaysia Airlines carries around 40,000 passengers daily to 57 destinations across Southeast Asia, North and South Asia, the Middle East, Australia, and Europe. Each service embodies the richness of Malaysian culture and tradition. Thanks to its dedication to its customers and the aviation industry, Malaysia Airlines was named as The World’s 5-Star Airlines by Skytrax in 2009, 2012, and 2013, and as Asia’s Leading Airline by World Travel Awards in 2010, 2011, and 2013. This clearly proves that Malaysia Airlines is now one of the most notable airlines in Southeast Asia.




Contact Malaysia Airlines


+6285574670390




Malaysia Airlines Office


Malaysia Airlines


Setiabudi Atrium Building
2nd Floor Suite 207A
JL HR Rasuna Said Kav.62,
Kuningan, Jakarta 12920



Share














Register your email and enjoy up to 70% member-only discount!





Join




Customer Service
0804-1500-308
About Traveloka
How to Book
Contact Us
Help Center
Careers
Installment
Others
Blog
Newsletter Subscription
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Register Your Hotel
Traveloka Press Room
Products
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data
Attractions & Activities
Download Traveloka App
Payment Partners
Follow us on
Copyright © 2017 Traveloka
?
Need help?
evtbvsrwfq