Citilink Online Booking - Get Citilink Promotion and Cheap Flight Tickets on Traveloka
warning
This site needs Javascript. Please activate Javascript to continue.
Promos
Retrieve Booking
IDR
My Account
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data Packages
Attractions & Activities
Flights
Flight + Hotel
Save More!
Search cheap and promo Citilink flight tickets here!
1
Flight Destination
2
Date of Flight
3
Search Flights
From:
To:
Departure:
One-way
Return
Adult
Child
Infant
Seat Class:
Search Flights
Save up to 20% on Flight + Hotel Packages. Book now!
1
Flight Details
2
Hotel Details
Search Packages


Overview
Service & Facilities
Policies
Flight Routes
Profile










Get the best Citilink promotion and deals from Traveloka. Register your email and enjoy up to 70% member-only discount!







Join







Citilink: An Introduction
Citilink
is a subsidiary of Garuda Indonesia. It was established in 2001 as a Strategic Business Unit (SBU) of Garuda Indonesia to provide another alternative of low-cost airlines in the country. Since 30 July 2012, however, Citilink has been operated officially as a business entity separate from Garuda Indonesia. Today, Citilink is very well-known as one of the best low-cost airlines in Indonesia.



Overview

Citilink Booking & E-ticket
Traveloka Airline Partners
Traveloka Official Payment Partners


Citilink Booking & E-ticket

Search and book your Citilink flight tickets online via Traveloka to get the best price and promotions.

How to Book
Here’s how you can book your Citilink ticket online:

Go to
Traveloka website
or open your Traveloka App

Fill in the flight details in the search box

Choose and book your flight

Fill in contact information and passenger details

Complete your payment through the selected method

Receive your Citilink e-ticket in
My Booking
or in your email




How to Pay
Payment for your Citilink ticket can be made via bank transfer (ATM/SMS Banking/e-banking/bank teller), credit card, and Indomaret.
For complete information about payment methods, please visit
How to Pay
.



Citilink E-ticket
Citilink e-ticket is an eligible proof for booking an Citilink flight. Show your e-ticket during check-in at the Citilink counter at the airport, or use it for self check-in (at the airport or online), to get your boarding pass.

If you have not received your e-ticket within 60 minutes after payment is completed, please contact Traveloka Customer Service.


Traveloka Airline Partners - Domestic & International








Traveloka Official Payment Partners

























Service & Facilities

Citilink Rating
Citilink Seat Class
Citilink Privilege Programs
Citilink Fleet
Citilink In-flight Crew


Citilink Rating



based on
17 reviews

Service standard:
Full LCC





Citilink Seat Class


Economy Class


Citilink provides only economy class, but with two kinds of seats: Green Seat and Regular Seat. Green Seat refers to seats located in row 1 to 5, marked by green headrests. Compared to Regular Seat, the Green Seat offers more spacious legroom for comfort. Every passenger in the economy class is entitled to a free baggage allowance of 20 kg. Passengers can check-in from two hours to 30 minutes before departure.




In-flight Meal

Citilink does not provide free in-flight meals to its passengers. However, passengers can pre-order their meals or purchase them directly onboard. Citilink in-flight meals range from roasted chicken breast with béchamel sauce and potato and spaghetti bolognese, to nasi uduk with roasted chicken and nasi ulam with sweet fried beef.









Citilink Privilege Programs





Citicyclink Community

Citicyclink Community is a bike-riding community dedicated exclusively for Citilink passengers. Every Citilink passenger is eligible to become a member. They just need to sign up through Citilink’s official website and pay an annual membership fee of Rp250.000. Citicyclink Community offers a variety of benefits such as:

An additional 20 kg allowance of checked baggage to carry bicycles onboard

Citicyclink member card

10% discount for Citilink Cars by using a promo code exclusive for Citicyclink members

10% discount for every purchase made at Citilink Store in PT Citilink Indonesia, 14th floor, Jl. S. Parman Kavling 72, Slipi, West Jakarta.



Citilink Fleet



Airbus A320


Seat class:

Economy


Seat layout:

3-3 (Economy)


Seat pitch:

29 inches (Economy)


In-flight entertainment:
Not Available

WiFi:
Not Available

Power/USB port:
Not Available








Citilink In-flight Crew





Citilink Flight Attendant Uniform

When Citilink first operated in Indonesia, its flight attendants wore a rather casual uniform of a polo shirt and short pants. In 2011, as part of Citilink’s rebranding strategy, the airline held a design contest for its new uniform. The winning design has been worn by Citilink flight attendants until today. Staying true to the color of Citilink’s logo, the  color of the new uniform worn by the female flight attendants is dominated by green, with white accents on some parts. The male flight attendants, on the other hand, wear a shirt with green stripes as their uniform.



Policies

Citilink Baggage Allowance
Citilink Passenger Policy
Citilink Check-in Policy
Citilink Refund Policy
Citilink Reschedule Policy


Citilink Baggage Allowance




Flight Route
Seat Class
Cabin Baggage
Check-in Baggage




All Routes

Economy Class

Max. 7 kg 
(Dimension: 56 x 36 x 23 cm)

Max. 20 kg


Citilink Passenger Policy


Infant Passenger Policy (0-2 Years Old)


Infants aged less than 3 weeks is not allowed onboard, except when there is a formal written letter from a doctor and the Statement of Limited Responsibility has been signed by the parents.

Premature infants should be considered as medical cases (MEDA) and handled as passengers requiring special handling or with special requests.

Infants are charged only 20% of the regular adult’s fare and will not receive a baggage allowance.

Infants must be accompanied by an adult companion traveling on the same plane, in the same class, and to the same destination as the infant. Companions must be able to take full responsibility of the infants escort.

One adult passenger can only carry one infant.

For safety reasons, the number of infants carried by Citilink cannot exceed 10% of the aircraft capacity.




Child Passenger Policy (2-12 Years Old)


Child passengers will be charged the full adult fare.

Child passengers are allowed to travel alone, but will be registered as an Unaccompanied Minors.

Parents of the child passenger traveling alone must come to the nearest Citilink office or the nearest airport to sign a statement letter.





Pregnant Passenger Policy


Pregnant passengers are required to report to the check-in counter with a recommendation letter from a doctor and fill in the indemnity form.

Pregnant passengers traveling with Citilink must sign the Limited Liability Statement during check-in to liberate Citilink from any liability that could arise from the pregnancy.

Passengers within 28 to 34 weeks of pregnancy are required to submit an approved medical certificate confirming the age of pregnancy and that they are fit to travel. The certificate must be issued within 30 days from the date of departure (outbound or inbound).

Passengers within 35 weeks of pregnancy or above are not allowed onboard.





Disabled Passenger Policy


Citilink only allows a maximum of four quadriplegic or paraplegic passengers per flight with the following conditions:


Citilink cannot carry more than two quadriplegic passengers with per flight

Under certain circumstances, Citilink may require the passengers to travel with a companion or a paramedic.


Passengers with illnesses or specific medical conditions are required to produce a medical certificate at the check-in counter to confirm that they are fit to travel.

For the safety of other passengers, Citilink reserves the right to deny boarding to passengers suffering from any infectious, contagious, or chronic disease.

Citilink may refuse to carry passengers if they are not completely convinced that it is safe for the passengers to fly.

Passengers suffering from any illness, disease, or other condition which may make it unsafe for them or other passengers to fly must notify Citilink about their condition before making a booking.

Passengers requiring special assistance, incapacitated persons, and passengers with illnesses—including those that may require administering or carrying medication/syringe onboard—are required to notify Citilink at least 48 hours before departure. Failure to notify Citilink may result in the service being unavailable upon arrival at the airport and passengers may not be allowed onboard.

Passengers with specific requirements must check-in at the airport.



Citilink Check-in Policy


Citilink Check-in Time

Please find the check-in time for all Citilink flights on the table below. Check-in time may vary if your flight is operated by a partner airline. Please check your e-ticket to ensure.



Flight Route

Recommended Check-in Time

Check-in Time Limit




All Routes

1 hour before departure

30 minutes before departure





Citilink Online Check-in

Online check-in is also available for Citilink flights. Please follow the steps below.

Go to
Citilink web check-in page

Enter your booking code, or other booking details, as instructed

Complete your check-in details

Save and/or print your boarding pass




Citilink Refund Policy

In general, refunds are permitted for personal reasons (self-cancellation, sickness, pregnancy, or death of a passenger), cancellation/rescheduling by the airline, force majeure, or double booking. However, different airlines have different policies regarding acceptable refund reasons. Please visit
Citilink Refund Policy
for a complete information on refund.
How to Refund




Citilink Reschedule Policy

You can easily change your flight schedule and itinerary using Easy Reschedule. Some airlines allow changes to date, time, route, and airline, while some only allow changes to date and time. 

Please refer to
Citilink Reschedule Terms & Conditions
to find the complete guide to rescheduling your flight. If your flight is not eligible for Easy Reschedule, please contact Citilink directly to reschedule.
How to Reschedule




Flight Routes

Citilink Schedule
Citilink Destinations
Citilink Popular Routes
Popular Hotels



Citilink Destinations



Java


Bandung

Jakarta

Jakarta

Malang

Semarang

Solo

Surabaya

Yogyakarta




Sumatra


Banda Aceh

Batam

Bengkulu

Jambi

Medan

Padang

Palembang

Bangka / Pangkal Pinang

Pekanbaru

Silangit

Belitung / Tanjung Pandan




Borneo


Balikpapan

Banjarmasin

Palangkaraya

Pontianak

Tarakan




Sulawesi


Gorontalo

Kendari

Makassar

Manado

Palu




Bali & Lesser Sunda Is.


Bali / Denpasar

Kupang

Lombok




Moluccas & Papua


Ambon

Jayapura




China


Ningbo

Qingdao

Zhengzhou

Chongqing

Changsa

Nanjing

Wenzhou

Wuhan

Fuzhou

Kunming

Xiamen

Chengdu




Hong Kong


Hong Kong




Malaysia


Johor Bahru




Timor Leste


Dili




Saudi Arabia


Jeddah



Citilink Popular Routes

Jakarta – Denpasar Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Surabaya Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Singapore Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Malang Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Yogyakarta Flight Tickets
Yogyakarta – Singapore Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Medan Flight Tickets
Surabaya – Jakarta Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Lombok Flight Tickets
Popular Hotels

Hotels in Jakarta
Hotels in Bali
Hotels in Yogyakarta
Hotels in Malang
Hotels in Bandung
Hotels in Singapore
Hotels in Bogor
Hotels in Surabaya
Hotels in Semarang



Profile

About Citilink
Citilink History
Contact Citilink

About Citilink


Citilink (IATA code: QG)
is a subsidiary of Garuda Indonesia, the flag carrier of Indonesia. Because of its low fares, Citilink is often known as the more affordable version of Garuda Indonesia. Citilink was established in 2001 as a Strategic Business Unit (SBU) of Garuda Indonesia. However, in July 2012, Citilink received the Air Operation Certificate (AOC) from the Indonesian Ministry of Transportation, allowing it to operate independently in Indonesia. This certificate marked a new era for the management of Citilink which previously ran under the management of PT Garuda Indonesia, Tbk. 

Today, Citilink operates 34 Airbus A320s, each with a capacity of 180 seats. Citilink has 43 domestic flight routes serving 23 cities in Indonesia with 184 daily flights. This has proven Citilink’s commitment to putting their customers’ satisfaction first. The airline’s commitment is also proven by the many accolades it has received, such as Leading Low-cost Airline 2011/2012 by Indonesia Travel and Tourism Foundation, Best Overall Marketing Campaign by The Budgies and Travel Awards 2012, and Service to Care Awards for Airlines Category by Markplus Insight for two years in a row (2012 and 2013). 

Operating as a low-cost carrier, Citilink offers only economy class. However, each seat is covered with a leather material, so that passengers can get maximum comfort during the flight. Citilink does not provide free in-flight meals, but passengers who wish to get a taste of the airline’s delicious in-flight meals can purchase them directly onboard. Passengers can also pre-order their meals via Citilink’s website to enjoy a 10% discount. Passengers can choose from a wide variety of menu, from chicken breast béchamel sauce with potato and spaghetti bolognese, to vegetable fried noodle with roasted chicken, fried rice with roasted chicken, nasi uduk with roasted chicken, and nasi ulam with sweet fried beef.The in-flight meal service is part of a Citilink product called Citilink Café.

One of the special privileges Citilink has to offer is Citicyclink Community, a bike-riding community dedicated for its customers. Those who want to join as a member can sign up through the Citilink official website and pay a membership fee of Rp250.000, valid for a year. By joining Citicyclink, members will get special benefits, such as a free 20 kg checked baggage for their bicycles, a free e-letter about Citicyclink events, a Citicyclink member card, a 10% discount for Citilink Cars using a promo code that is updated monthly and sent out to the members via email, and a 10% discount for every purchase made in Citilink Store at PT Citilink Indonesia, 14th floor, Jl. S. Parman Kavling 72, Slipi, West Jakarta.

Every Citilink passenger is entitled to a free baggage allowance of 20 kg per flight. The The Citilink ground crew will help passengers check their baggage during check-in at the airport. The Citilink check-in counters are opened from two hours to 30 minutes before departure time. Passengers are also allowed to bring two personal items into the cabin. These two items must not weigh more than 7 kg in total and one of them must not exceed 56 cm x 36 cm x 23 cm in size to be able to fit in the overhead compartment. The other item, on the other hand, must not exceed 115 cm in size, as it must placed under the seat in front of the passenger’s.

Citilink also offers other products to accommodate passengers in their travels. Citilink Shield, for example, is a travel insurance that offers guaranteed safety with prices starting from Rp25.000 for domestic flights and Rp27.000 for international flights. This insures passengers on unfortunate accidents, lost of luggage, or delayed flights. Available for all passengers between the age of 2 and 75 years old, infants between the age of 9 days and 2 years old who are traveling with an adult ticket holder can enjoy a limited free coverage. Once the insurance is activated, it is non-changeable, non-cancelable, and non-refundable.

Citilink also offers Citilink Merchant, a collaboration between Citilink and various merchants in many cities in Indonesia. In Bali, for example, Citilink works together with Lorin New Kuta Hotel. Just by showing a Citilink boarding pass, Citilink passengers will get a 60% discount at the hotel. In Surabaya, customers can get a 20% discount on entrance tickets to the Suroboyo Carnival Park by showing their Citilink boarding pass. Citilink also works together with several tourist attractions and spa salons.


Citilink History


Headquartered in Sidoarjo, East Java, PT Citilink Indonesia is an official subsidiary of Garuda Indonesia. When it was first established, 67% of Citilink shares was owned by PT Garuda Indonesia (Persero), Tbk, while 33% belonged to PT Aerowisata. In the beginning, Citilink was a Strategic Business Unit (SBU) of Garuda Indonesia and hence was operated under Garuda Indonesia’s Air Operation Certificate (AOC), using Garuda Indonesia’s flight number. In 2012, however, the airline’s shares shifted with  PT Garuda Indonesia (Persero), Tbk owning 94.3% and PT Aerowisata owning only 5.7%.

Until July 2012, Citilink had served nine domestic flights that connected Jakarta to Surabaya, Denpasar, Medan, Banjarmasin, Balikpapan, and Batam. During the same period, Citilink also operated flights from Surabaya to Balikpapan, Banjarmasin, Denpasar, and Makassar. Nevertheless, the number of Citilink’s flight routes was still limited, mostly due to the focus on branding Garuda Indonesia as a premium airline. Between 2011 and 2012, however, the airline experienced significant changes, prompting Garuda Indonesia to prioritize the development and expansion of Citilink.

Throughout 2012, Citilink was busy rebranding itself. Almost all aspects related to Citilink were renewed, from the corporate colors, logo, headquarter, and sales office, to the interior of the aircraft and the uniform of its flight attendants. The decision to go with green as Citilink’s color was inspired by Garuda Indonesia’s corporate colors of blue, green, orange, and silver. Green was chosen as it is associated with dynamism, youth, and growth. 

In November 2012, Citilink launched a website with a new design, a theme song “Terbang Tinggi untuk Indonesia” (“Fly High for Indonesia”) performed by Indonesian band Nidji, a travel insurance called Citilink Shield, and Citilink Hotels, a hotel-booking service via the Citilink website supported by Agoda.com. 

However, Citilink’s development and quality improvement did not stop there. The next year, in 2013, Citilink expanded its sales network. To support that strategy, the airline worked together with Telkomsel and various convenience stores to sell its flight tickets. During that period, 40–50% of Citilink ticket sales were dominated by travel agents, while 28%–30% of its tickets were sold via the Citilink website or other online channels. The rest of the ticket sales, which is around 20%, were made by the Citilink call center, Citilink sales office, and Citilink Kiosk on the road. To support the airline’s network expansion in 2013, Citilink widened its coverage to 31 domestic flight routes, which serve 22 destinations with a frequency of 140 flights per day. In 2013, Citilink operated a turboprop aircraft for the first time, allowing it to serve flights to smaller cities.

In 2015, Citilink announced its Initial Public Offering (IPO), offering its shares to the public. By conducting an IPO, Citilink aimed to become more professional and transparent, which would in turn raise its funding. Garuda Indonesia had executed the same strategy, which was proven successful. After its IPO, Garuda Indonesia has continued to grow—an example Citilink hoped to follow. 

On 23 January 2017, Citilink officially opened a flight route to Jayapura and the public response has been positive. A week before the first flight, the airline had sold 70% of the seats. This route became not only Citilink’s first route to Papua, but also its longest flight to this day. The new route to Jayapura has also marked an important step in Citilink’s expansion to East Indonesia. Citilink aims to one day be able to connect all areas in Indonesia, from Aceh to Papua, with its flights.




Contact Citilink


0804 1 080808




Citilink Office


Citilink Indonesia


Jl. Gunung Sahari Raya No.52
Jakarta Pusat 10720 
Jakarta, Indonesia



Share














Register your email and enjoy up to 70% member-only discount!





Join




Customer Service
0804-1500-308
About Traveloka
How to Book
Contact Us
Help Center
Careers
Installment
Others
Blog
Newsletter Subscription
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Register Your Hotel
Traveloka Press Room
Products
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data
Attractions & Activities
Download Traveloka App
Payment Partners
Follow us on
Copyright © 2017 Traveloka
?
Need help?
evtbvsrwfq