Telkomsel Credit
warning
This site needs Javascript. Please activate Javascript to continue.
Promos
Retrieve Booking
IDR
My Account
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data Packages
Attractions & Activities
Enter Destination Number
Make sure your prepaid mobile or BOLT! number is entered correctly.
Choose Product
Top-Up
Data Package
When purchasing data packages, the destination number must not be within the grace period.
Details:
The product details will be shown here.

Buy Now
Pulsa & Internet
>
Pulsa
>
Telkomsel

Telkomsel Credit

Buy Telkomsel Credit in Traveloka




How to Transfer Telkomsel Credit
How to Check Telkomsel Phone Credit
How to Buy Telkomsel Phone Credit at Traveloka
Telkomsel Emergency Credit
About Telkomsel
Telkomsel Phone Credit
Credit

Simpati Top-Up
Kartu As Top-Up
XL Top-Up
IM3 Top-Up
Telkomsel Top-Up
Indosat Top-Up
Mentari Top-Up
Axis Top-Up
Tri Top-Up
BOLT! Top-Up
Smartfren Top-Up
Loop Top-Up
Data Package

Simpati Data Package
Kartu As Data Package
XL Data Package
IM3 Data Package
Telkomsel Data Package
Indosat Data Package
Mentari Data Package
Axis Data Package
Tri Data Package
BOLT! Data Package
Loop Data Package



How to Transfer Telkomsel Credit

Telkomsel offers its users the ability to transfer credit among themselves. This service allows each Telkomsel user to transfer credit using phones to other Telkomsel phone numbers. This transfer service is available to all Telkomsel prepaid users; including Simpati, Kartu As, as well as Loop.

This way, a user can transfer an amount of credit in their possession to another user. Later, this credit will be deducted from the original user’s number and added to that of the recipient.

This service makes it easy for Telkomsel users to transfer credit between one another. Credit transfer is very useful, especially if an emergency should arise, such as someone close to you requiring credit, but circumstances not making it possible for them to purchase credit at that precise moment. Additionally, you can also make credit transfers as a recognition of appreciation, or to show your attention towards another person. For example, by transferring credit to a partner, parent, or child.

How to Transfer Credit to Another Telkomsel User

At the moment, there are three ways to complete Telkomsel Credit Transfers. All of these methods are available to all types of Telkomsel prepaid users; including Simpati, Kartu As, as well as Loop.

1. Via SMS

Type, ‘TPULSA(space)amount of credit to be transferred to intended recipient.’ Then send the SMS to the number of your intended recipient. For example if you wish to send a total of credits Rp25.000 to the number 081210101011, then compose the body of an SMS as ‘TPULSA 10000’, then send it to 081210101011.

2. Via USSD *858* call

At the call menu, key in *858*intended credit recipient number*amount to be transferred# then press “Panggil/Call/Yes/OK/Dial”. Later, all you need to do is confirm your transfer from commands which will show up on your phone screen. For example if you wish to send a total of credits totalling Rp25.000 to the number 081210101011, then key in *858*081210101011*25# and press “Panggil/Call/Yes/OK/Dial”.

3. Via USSD code *858#

Enter the code *858# at the call menu of your mobile phone, then press “Panggil/Call/Yes/OK/Dial”. Later, a menu of choices will be displayed. Key in the number 1 to select “Transfer Pulsa”, then enter your intended recipient’s number and select the amount of credit you wish to send from the menu. Enter the number 1 to confirm the transfer which you have placed. Finally, you will receive an SMS from the number 858 telling you whether your transaction of credit transferral was successful or not.

How to Transfer Credit to Other Providers

At this time, Telkomsel does not have a feature which allows the transfer of credit to other mobile providers.

Terms and Conditions of Telkomsel Credit Transfers

There are some conditions to make sure that Telkomsel Credit Transfers are successful. The main points being:

1. This service is only vaild among users of Telkomsel; including Simpati, Kartu As, as well as Loop. This service can be enjoyed among different Telkomself products. For example, from Simpati to Kartu As, from Kartu As to Loop, and vice versa.

2. The minimal amount of credit which can be transferred is Rp5.000, using the following format:

- For a credit transfer of Rp10.000, simply type 10 or 10000

- For a credit transfer of Rp100.000, simply type 100 or 100000

3. A maximum of 100 transactions is allowed over the course of one day, with the accumulative total of said transactions not being allowed to exceed Rp1.000.000.

4. When transferring credit, the status of the sender’s SIM card must be active, or still within the grace period.

5. Phone credit transactions will not alter status of the activation period, nor the grace period. Neither for the sender, nor the recipient. A recipient whose card has currently reached its grace period and is expecting a transfer will need to manually top up their number first, in order to be able to use the incoming transferred credit.

6. There is a fee of Rp1.500 for each transaction. This fee will be automatically deducted from the sender’s credit.

7. The user intending to send credit must have at least Rp5.000 credit left, in addition to the amount they wish to transfer.

How to Check Telkomsel Phone Credit

There are five things you can do to check your  Telkomsel phone credit::

1. Using the USSD code *888#

At your phone’s call screen, enter the code *888# then press “Panggil/Call/Yes/Ok/Dial”. Later, the screen will display the amount of credit you have left, as well as its activation period. This USSD code is normally pre-entered into your Telkomsel SIM card.

2. By calling 888

This is similar to the previous method. At your phone’s call screen, enter the code 888, then press “Panggil/Call/Yes/OK/Dial”. Once you have been connected,  an operator will inform how much credit you have left, as well as the activation period and the grace period.

3. By calling Customer Info 155

This method allows you to check your Telkomsel credit using assistance from Customer Info services. Place a call to the number 155, then follow the steps you hear on the recorded message on your phone. This service is free. In the meantime, you can also check your credit by voice call, by contacting the Caroline Call Centre at the number 188. Here you can directly ask a customer service officer how much phone credit you have left. This facility costs Rp300 per call.

4. Via web

You can also check your phone credit by accessing a website. Go to the MyTelkomsel website (
www.telkomsel.com
) and enter your phone number into the available menu page. Later, the system will send a verification code to your number for you to enter into the appropriate column. Following this, you can see your remaining phone credit on the website. To use this method, you must first be registered as a member of MyTelkomsel. The easiest way of registering is by using your mobile phone number. You will only be asked to enter your name after you have entered your number on the homepage.

5. Via MyTelkomsel app

The MyTelkomsel app is available for both Android and iOS. Make sure you have already downloaded and installed the app in your phone. Later, all you need to do is open the app and enter your phone number to check your credit. All information regarding credit, Telkomsel points and internet package will be shown within this app.

How to Buy Telkomsel Phone Credit at Traveloka

At the moment, purchases of Telkomsel credit at Traveloka can be done using Traveloka App (Android/iOS) app. Therefore, make sure that you already have the application  installed on your phone. The app is free, and can be downloaded with ease from Google Play Store and App Store.

The method of purchasing Telkomsel credit via Traveloka is very easy. You just need to open the app on your phone. Select the Pulsa menu, then enter the name of the provider - Telkomsel, as well as the amount of credit which you desire. There are different amounts to choose from at Traveloka, ranging from Rp100.000 to Rp1.000.000.

Afterwards, make sure you have entered your mobile phone number correctly. Following this, you will be taken to the payment page. Choose the method of payment that suits you best, complete your payment, and within a few seconds, your number will have had its credit topped up!

Telkomsel Emergency Credit

Emergency Credit is a service that can be used for unforeseen conditions, where a Telkomsel user asks for credit from another Telkomsel user. This service can be very useful during stressful situations, especially when you are out of credit, but find yourself unable to quickly purchase some.

To use this feature, naturally you first need to find out and know which Telkomsel user you are going to ask for credit from. After you are ready to request credit, enter the USSD code *858# into the call screen on your phone, then press “Panggil/Call/Yes/OK/Dial”. Afterwards, a menu will appear. Enter the number 2 to choose “Minta Pulsa”, then follow the steps as shown.

When you reach the next step, you will be asked to enter the number of the donator (the party from whom you are requesting credit). Next, you will also be asked to enter the amount of credit you need. After this, you will be asked  to confirm your request before sending it to the number of the donator. If the number and the emergency credit amount are correct, next press 1 to show you have confirmed.

Later, your selected donator will receive a notification informing them that you have requested a transfer of credit. All that is left is to wait for the donator to send credit to your account, and the emergency credit will show up as having been added to your number. There are several terms and conditions that apply:

1. Make sure you have at least Rp100 remaining credit, as there is an administration fee of Rp100 per request.

2. Emergency Credit can be requested in amounts ranging between Rp5.000 – Rp100.000, going up by multiples of one thousand.

3. When the credit is being transferred, the SIM card status of both sender and recipient must be active or within their respective grace periods.

4. Emergency Credit transactions will not alter status of the activation period, nor the grace period. Neither for the sender, nor the recipient. A recipient whose card has currently reached its grace period and is expecting a transfer will need to manually top up their number first, in order to be able to use the incoming transferred credit.

5. The minimal amount of credit which can be transferred is Rp5.000, using the following format:

- For a credit transfer of Rp10.000, simply type 10 or 10000

- For a credit transfer of Rp100.000, simply type 100 or 100000

About Telkomsel

Telkomsel is a provider of telecommunication services with the widest reaching coverage and the largest number of users among all telecommunication providers in Indonesia. Its market segment share in Indonesia is currently close to 50%.

Telkomsel arrived in Indonesia under the auspices of PT Telkom in 1995. Its coverage is so extensive that it reaches nearly 100% of people living in the Indonesian archipelago. Indeed, Telkomsel also has had as many as 288 international roaming networks in 155 countries since 2007.

When seen from the perspective of its service quality, Telkomsel can be seen as highly innovative. As a provider, it was the first to introduce 4G LTE commercial mobile services in Indonesia, with access speed as fast as 36Mbps.

Within its services, Telkomsel has introduced several products to answer the needs of a diverse market. Until this year, there have been four featured products that Telkomsel has offered to its mobile users in Indonesia. These products are Kartu Halo, Simpati, Kartu As, and Loop.

Kartu Halo represents the first post paid GSM provider, which has been mainly popular among business professionals, and middle to upper class income earners. In the meantime, Simpati is a prepaid provider with segment share of the market that is comparable to its post paid counterpart, Kartu Halo.

For middle to lower income earners, Telkomsel has introduced Kartu As, with its package choices making voice calls, SMS and internet usage more comprehensive and easier. In general, Kartu As offers bigger quotas, but with economical prices. Kartu As also often offers bonuses. Its activation period matches frequency of usage, rather than how often you top up credit, or a set activation period schedule.

Meanwhile, since 2014, Telkomsel has been offering a product called Loop. The Loop provider is specifically aimed at young people. The package choices and menus are highly suitable for the lifestyles of young people nowadays, where prices are offered depending on their income. . Interestingly, Telkomsel Loop also holds interesting activities to connect with young people.

Indeed, at this time, Telkomsel has opened Loop Stations in a number of large cities around Indonesia. These Loop Stations are not just places to promote sales and share information about Telkomsel Loop, but they are also areas where young people can hang out:  they have been equipped  with cafes, basketball courts, console game arenas, WiFi zones, and presentation stages.

Telkomsel Phone Credit

Mobile phone conversations can never go on for too long without thoughts turning to matters of phone credit. Without credit, mobile phones are not able to place voice calls or send messages. Indeed, perhaps even more importantly in this day and age, without credit, you are unable to connect to the internet using your phone.

As the mobile provider with the largest number of users in Indonesia, it’s a given that Telkomsel phone credit be available at Traveloka. At the moment, Traveloka offers phone credit sales from the red provider for three of their prepaid GSM products, these being Simpati, Kartu As, and Loop.

A comprehensive range of credit choices is now available at Traveloka, and they can be obtained quickly and easily. Low prices are guaranteed, and you can pay using a variety of available methods.




Share









Customer Service
0804-1500-308
About Traveloka
How to Book
Contact Us
Help Center
Careers
Installment
Others
Blog
Newsletter Subscription
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Register Your Hotel
Traveloka Press Room
Products
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data
Attractions & Activities
Download Traveloka App
Payment Partners
Follow us on
Copyright © 2017 Traveloka
?
Need help?
evtbvsrwfq