Jetstar Online Booking - Get Jetstar Promotion and Cheap Flight Tickets on Traveloka
warning
This site needs Javascript. Please activate Javascript to continue.
Promos
Retrieve Booking
IDR
My Account
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data Packages
Attractions & Activities
Search cheap and promo Jetstar flight tickets here!
Flight Destination
From:
To:
Date of Flight
Departure:

One-way
Return
Return:

Search Flights
No. of Passengers:
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
0
1
2
3
4
Seat Class:
Economy
Search Flights
<div id="smartCari">Search +</div> Auto-search


Overview
Service & Facilities
Policies
Flight Routes
Profile










Get the best Jetstar promotion and deals from Traveloka. Register your email and enjoy up to 70% member-only discount!







Join







Jetstar: An Introduction
Jetstar
is an Australian low-cost airline. Based in Melbourne, Jetstar is one of the subsidiaries of the premium airline service Qantas. With impressive fleets of Boeing 787 Dreamliner, Airbus A320, Airbus A321, and Bombardier Q300, Jetstar operates around 4,000 flights every week to more than 75 destinations in Australia, New Zealand, and Asia Pacific. For three consecutive years in 2011, 2012, and 2013, Jetstar successfully earned an award from Skytrax as Best Low-cost Airline.



Overview

Jetstar Booking & E-ticket
Traveloka Airline Partners
Traveloka Official Payment Partners


Jetstar Booking & E-ticket

Search and book your Jetstar flight tickets online via Traveloka to get the best price and promotions.

How to Book
Here’s how you can book your Jetstar ticket online:

Go to
Traveloka website
or open your Traveloka App

Fill in the flight details in the search box

Choose and book your flight

Fill in contact information and passenger details

Complete your payment through the selected method

Receive your Jetstar e-ticket in
My Booking
or in your email




How to Pay
Payment for your Jetstar ticket can be made via bank transfer (ATM/SMS Banking/e-banking/bank teller), credit card, and Indomaret.

For complete information about payment methods, please visit
How to Pay
.



Jetstar E-ticket
Jetstar e-ticket is an eligible proof for booking an Jetstar flight. Show your e-ticket during check-in at the Jetstar counter at the airport, or use it for self check-in (at the airport or online), to get your boarding pass.

If you have not received your e-ticket within 60 minutes after payment is completed, please contact Traveloka Customer Service.


Traveloka Airline Partners - Domestic & International








Traveloka Official Payment Partners

























Service & Facilities

Jetstar Rating
Jetstar Seat Class
Jetstar Privilege Programs
Jetstar Fleet
Jetstar In-flight Crew


Jetstar Rating



based on
560 reviews

Service standard:
LCC





Jetstar Seat Class


Economy Class


Jetstar wants to make flying accessible to as many people as possible, so it strives to keep its costs down and fares low. Jetstar offers a competitively lower flight fares through their Economy Class, with a special facility of 7 kg cabin baggage for every passenger. Jetstar also accommodates their Economy Class passengers who want to increase their flight comfort, by providing Starter Plus and Starter Max bundles. Each bundle comes with an extra baggage allowance (20 kg for Starter Plus and 30 kg for Starter Max) and an in-flight meal service. If passengers want to experience maximum comfort in the Economy Class, they can also purchase in-flight entertainment and in-flight meals during booking.




In-flight Meal

Jetstar does not provide complimentary in-flight meals or snacks for its passengers in Economy Class. However passengers can still pre-purchase their meal on selected flights or purchase them directly onboard. Every aircraft offers a different menu, all equally delicious. Passengers can choose from a variety of rice, pasta, snacks, desserts, and special menus for kids.





Business Class


Jetstar’s Business Class service is only offered on selected routes. With a generous cabin baggage allowance of 2 x 7 kg, an extra-wide seat, and a dedicated cabin and service, flying in Business Class can become a luxurious traveling experience. On top of the generous cabin baggage, Business Class facilities also include a checked baggage allowance of 30 kg, in-flight entertainment, blankets, pillows, and comfort packs. Jetstar’s Business Class also offers a special bundle called Business Max Bundle, dedicated for passengers who want to experience maximum comfort during their flight.




In-flight Meal

The dining experience in Jetstar’s Business Class includes three-course lunches and dinners, gourmet in-flight snacks, and continental breakfasts. Each Business Class flight offers different in-flight meals menu. Passengers can choose from a selection of Western, Asian, and vegetarian meals, which have been prepared with fresh local ingredients. There is also a wide selection of beverages, including the award-winning “Cellars in the Sky” wine.







Jetstar Privilege Programs





Frequent Flyer Program

Jetstar has teamed up with a selection of great airlines to give passengers more choices of loyalty program. Passengers earn loyalty points or miles every time they travel with Jetstar’s Plus, Max, or Business Max bundle. There are at least four airline partners that have teamed up with Jetstar’s frequent flyer program. These include Qantas Frequent Flyer, Emirates Skywards, JAL Milegae Bank, and Lotusmiles. If the passengers are members of one of those frequent flyer programs, they can earn points or miles every time they travel with Jetstar. Accumulated points can be redeemed for various rewards, one of them is a free Jetstar flight ticket.


Airport Lounge

Jetstar has teamed up with Qantas Club to provide an airport lounge facility for its passengers. Airport lounge access is only available for Economy Starter Max passengers departing on international flights with a JQ, 3K, GK, BL, or QF code. Meanwhile, Business Max passengers departing on international flights with a JQ, 3K, or QF code receive access to partner lounges and Qantas Club lounge. Access is available from when the check-in opens until boarding time, but it is not available upon arrival at the destination. In the airport lounge, passengers can have a little relaxation or catch up on work before continuing the journey. As well as food and drinks, most airport lounges also offer bar service and internet access.





Jetstar Fleet



Boeing 787-8


Seat class:

Economy

Business


Seat layout:

3-3-3 (Economy)

2-3-2 (Business)


Seat pitch:

30 inches (Economy)

38 inches (Business)


In-flight entertainment:
Available

WiFi:
Not Available

Power/USB port:
Available





Airbus A320


Seat class:

Economy


Seat layout:

3-3 (Economy)


Seat pitch:

29 inches (Economy)


In-flight entertainment:
Available

WiFi:
Not Available

Power/USB port:
Not Available





Airbus A321


Seat class:

Economy


Seat layout:

3-3 (Economy)


Seat pitch:

28 inches (Economy)


In-flight entertainment:
Available

WiFi:
Not Available

Power/USB port:
Not Available










Jetstar In-flight Crew





Jetstar Flight Attendant Uniform

Jetstar’s flight attendant uniform is designed to reflect its growing Pan-Asian network. Dominated by Jetstar’s orange color, the uniform was designed in consultation with team members from across the Jetstar Group, who gave their feedback on the uniform’s functionality, fit, and style. The result is a refreshed uniform that includes a twist on the iconic female orange jacket, with the tailored buttoned front now features an Asian-inspired collar. The flight attendants will also wear the orange jacket with either black tailored pants or an A-line skirt.



Policies

Jetstar Baggage Allowance
Jetstar Passenger Policy
Jetstar Check-in Policy
Jetstar Refund Policy
Jetstar Reschedule Policy


Jetstar Baggage Allowance




Flight Route
Seat Class
Cabin Baggage
Check-in Baggage




All routes

Economy Class

Max. 7 kg

Available upon purchase:
15 kg / 20 kg / 25 kg / 30 kg / 35 kg / 40 kg

Business Class

2 pcs (max. 7 kg/pc)

Max. 30 kg


Jetstar Passenger Policy


Infant Passenger Policy (0-2 Years Old)


Infant passengers carried on their parent’s lap and not requiring an individual seat can travel for free on all domestic flights within Australia, Japan, and New Zealand, and international flights between Australia and New Zealand.

Infants sitting on their parent’s lap for the entire flight will be provided with a special seat belt that is connected to the parents’ seatbelt.

Infants are allowed to sit separately from their parents, as long as they are able to sit up unaided.

Infants not occupying a seat are not given cabin baggage and checked baggage allowances.

An adult passenger may accompany two infants. However, only one infant can be nursed on the passenger’s lap, while the second infant must have an allocated seat and be able to sit up unaided or in an approved car seat.

Infants over 3 months old must be accompanied by someone who is 15 years or older and capable of looking after them, both at the airport and during the flight.

Infants younger than 48 hours old are not permitted to travel on any Jetstar flight.





Child Passenger Policy (2-15 Years Old)


Children aged 2 years old or older must travel in an allocated seat for safety reasons. Therefore, an individual ticket is required.

Jetstar is currently not able to provide supervision assistance for children traveling alone.

Children who are currently enrolled in or attending secondary school may be able to travel independently on flights to, from, and within Australia and New Zealand.

For intra-Asia flights operated by Jetstar Asia, passengers below the age of 12 must be accompanied by a passenger who is 15 of age or older at the time of travel.

For any domestic or international flights operated by Jetstar Pacific, children below the age of 12 will not be permitted to travel unless they are accompanied by an appropriate accompanying passenger.

The parents or guardians of a passenger between the ages of 12 and 14 must complete and sign a declaration at check-in before the child can travel unaccompanied.

For any domestic Japan flights operated by Jetstar Japan, passengers between the ages of 2 to 11 will not be permitted to travel unless they are accompanied by an appropriate accompanying passenger aged 12 years or older.





Pregnant Passenger Policy


Pregnant passengers entering the third semester of pregnancy (28 weeks or more) are required to bring a letter or certificate from a medical professional stating it is safe for the passenger to fly. The certificate should be issued no more than 10 days prior to travel and must confirm the approximate due date, whether it is a single or multiple pregnancies, and that the pregnancy is free of complications.

Passengers with uncomplicated pregnancy who are traveling within her first 28 weeks are not required to bring any pregnancy-related medical documentation.

Passengers with complicated pregnancy or are expecting more than one child will need to get medical clearance before flying.

Passengers with a single pregnancy of above 40 weeks, or passengers with multiple pregnancies of above 36 weeks, are only allowed on flights of less than four hours.

Passengers with a single pregnancy of above 36 weeks, or passengers with multiple pregnancies of above 32 weeks, are allowed on flights of more than four hours.





Disabled Passenger Policy


Passengers with vision or hearing impairment will need to notify the airline about their condition.

A Jetstar customer service staff member will escort the passenger from check-in through security and to the boarding gate.

If the passenger is traveling with an escort, a Jetstar customer service staff member will organize to meet them at the boarding gate.



Jetstar Check-in Policy


Jetstar Check-in Time

Please find the check-in time for all Jetstar flights on the table below. Check-in time may vary if your flight is operated by a partner airline. Please check your e-ticket to ensure.



Flight Route

Recommended Check-in Time

Check-in Time Limit




Domestic

1 hour before departure

30 minutes before departure
International

2 hours before departure

60 minutes before departure





Jetstar Online Check-in

Online check-in is also available for Jetstar flights. Please follow the steps below.

Go to
Jetstar web check-in page

Enter your booking code, or other booking details, as instructed

Complete your check-in details

Save and/or print your boarding pass




Jetstar Refund Policy

In general, refunds are permitted for personal reasons (self-cancellation, sickness, pregnancy, or death of a passenger), cancellation/rescheduling by the airline, force majeure, or double booking. However, different airlines have different policies regarding acceptable refund reasons. Please visit
Jetstar Refund Policy
for a complete information on refund.
How to Refund




Jetstar Reschedule Policy

You can easily change your flight schedule and itinerary using Easy Reschedule. Some airlines allow changes to date, time, route, and airline, while some only allow changes to date and time. 

Please refer to
Jetstar Reschedule Terms & Conditions
to find the complete guide to rescheduling your flight. If your flight is not eligible for Easy Reschedule, please contact Jetstar directly to reschedule.
How to Reschedule




Flight Routes

Jetstar Schedule
Jetstar Destinations
Jetstar Popular Routes
Popular Hotels



Jetstar Destinations



Java


Jakarta

Surabaya




Sumatra


Medan

Palembang

Pekanbaru




Bali & Lesser Sunda Is.


Bali / Denpasar




Australia


Adelaide

Brisbane

Cairns

Darwin

Gold Coast

Hobart

Mackay

Maroochydore

Melbourne

Perth

Proserpine

Sydney




Cambodia


Phnom Penh

Siem Reap




China


Guangzhou

Haikou

Hangzhou

Sanya

Wuhan




Hong Kong


Hong Kong




Japan


Nagoya

Osaka

Tokyo

Sapporo

Takamatsu

Fukuoka

Kagoshima

Kumamoto

Matsuyama

Oita

Okinawa




Macau


Macau




Malaysia


Kuala Lumpur

Penang




Myanmar


Yangon




Philippines


Clark - Pampanga

Manila




Singapore


Singapore




Taiwan


Taipei




Thailand


Bangkok

Chiang Mai

Hat Yai

Phuket




Vietnam


Hanoi

Ho Chi Minh City

Tuy Hoa

Quy Nhon

Dong Hoi

Vinh

Phu Quoc

Nha Trang

Hue

Hai Phong

Da Nang

Buon Ma Thuot

Da Lat

Pleiku

Thanh Hoa

Chu Lai




New Zealand


Auckland



Jetstar Popular Routes

Jakarta – Denpasar Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Surabaya Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Singapore Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Malang Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Yogyakarta Flight Tickets
Yogyakarta – Singapore Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Medan Flight Tickets
Surabaya – Jakarta Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Lombok Flight Tickets
Popular Hotels

Hotels in Jakarta
Hotels in Bali
Hotels in Yogyakarta
Hotels in Malang
Hotels in Bandung
Hotels in Singapore
Hotels in Bogor
Hotels in Surabaya
Hotels in Semarang



Profile

About Jetstar
Jetstar History
Contact Jetstar

About Jetstar


Jetstar (IATA code: JQ)
is well-known as a low-cost airline headquartered in Melbourne, Australia. Qantas, an international premium airline service, is the parent company of Jetstar. It is safe to say that Jetstar is a more affordable version of Qantas. Jetstar operates domestic, regional, and international flights in Australia, New Zealand, and Asia Pacific. Jetstar has four sister airlines, which are:

Jetstar Airways in Australia and New Zealand, which is wholly owned by the Qantas Group;

Jetstar Asia Airways, which is based in Singapore and managed by Newstar Holdings;

Jetstar Pacific Airlines, which is based in Vietnam, where the majority of its stake (70%) is owned by Vietnam Airlines and 30% of it belongs to Qantas Group;

Jetstar Japan, a partnership among Qantas Group, Japan Airlines, Mitsubishi Corporation, and Tokyo Century Corporation.

On a daily basis, Jetstar operates their flights with four impressive fleets: Boeing 787 Dreamliner, Airbus A320, Airbus A321, and Bombardier Q300. All international long-haul services are operated by a fleet of Boeing 787 Dreamliner aircraft with 21 seats in Business Class and 314 seats in Economy Class. Meanwhile, flights within Australia and New Zealand and flights within Asia are served by Airbus A320, which can carry up to 180 passengers.  Airbus A321, on the other hand, is a longer variant of the A320, hence can carry between 220 to 230 passengers. The last fleet, the Bombardier Q300 aircraft, can carry up to 50 passengers and is used to operate flights within New Zealand.

Founded in 2004 in Australia, Jetstar has carried more than 200 million passengers until today. Every week, Jetstar operates around 4,000 flights to more than 75 destinations in Australia, New Zealand, and Asia Pacific. Jetstar’s incredible work has been recognized by its customers and respected industry leaders. For three consecutive years, from 2011 to 2013, Jetstar Airways received the Best Low-cost Airline in the Australia/Pacific Region award by Skytrax. In 2011, Jetstar Airways was recognized as Best International Budget Airline 2011 by About.com Readers’ Choice Awards. In 2012, Changi Airline Awards honored Jetstar with two awards: Partner of the Year 2012 and Top 5 Airlines by Absolute Growth in Cargo Carriage 2012.

Jetstar’s sister airlines also earn their own recognition. In 2013 to 2015, Jetstar Asia received AsiaOne People’s Choice Awards for Best Budget Airline, while making the Changi Airline Awards’ Top 10 Airlines by Passenger Carriage in 2015 to 2017. On the other hand, Jetstar Japan achieved an award for Best Perceived Value in Domestic Transportation category from the Japanese Customer Satisfaction Index (JCSI) Survey in 2013 and 2014, while Jetstar Pacific was named as Vietnam’s Most Popular E-commerce Website for three consecutive years from 2008 to 2010.

Jetstar’s flight service is served in two types of class: Economy Class and Business Class. Because of its low ticket fare, the Jetstar Economy Class becomes the airline’s most popular service. Each Economy Class passenger gets a free cabin baggage of 7 kg, but for Economy Class passengers who want to increase their flight comfort, Jetstar also provides special bundles, which are Starter Plus and Starter Max. Each bundle comes with an extra baggage allowance as well as an in-flight meal service. For passengers who want to experience maximum comfort in the Economy Class, they can also purchase in-flight entertainment and in-flight meals during booking.

Jetstar’s Business Class service, on the other hand, is only available in selected flight routes. With an extra wide seat, flying in Jetstar’s Business Class can become a luxurious traveling experience. Besides the 2 x 7 kg cabin baggage allowance, Business Class passengers will also get a 30 kg checked baggage allowance, in-flight entertainment, a blanket, a pillow, and a comfort pack. They even get special access to the dedicated check-in area and receive boarding priority. The Jetstar Business Class also offers a bundle called Business Max Bundle for passengers who want to experience maximum comfort during the flight. This bundle doesn’t apply additional fees for all changes made, including changes in origin and destination. Passengers also can gain access to the Qantas Club or partner lounges.

Jetstar also has teamed up with a number of great airlines to provide passengers with more choices of loyalty program. Passengers earn loyalty points or miles every time they travel with Jetstar’s Plus, Max, or Business Max bundle. There are at least four airline partners that have teamed up with the Jetstar frequent flyer program. They include Qantas Frequent Flyer, Emirates Skywards, JAL Milegae Bank, and Lotusmiles. If the passenger is a member of one of those frequent flyer programs, they can earn points or miles every time they travel with Jetstar. Accumulated points can be redeemed for various kinds of reward, including a free Jetstar flight ticket.


Jetstar History


Founded in 2004, Jetstar is known as a low-cost airline headquartered in Melbourne, Australia. Jetstar was launched by Qantas as a response to the birth of another low-cost airline. Jetstar is part of Qantas’s brand diversification strategy, a low-cost alternative to Qantas’s premium full-service offering. The airline originally headquartered in Avalon Airport near Melbourne—they had even started flying out of Avalon mid-2004—but decided to relocate to Melbourne.

Before Qantas launched Jetstar in 2004, Qantas acquired Impulse Airlines in 2001 and operated it under the QantasLink brand. However, as Qantas made the decision to launch a low-cost carrier, QantasLink was relaunched under a different name, Jetstar. The domestic passenger service began in 2004, while the international service started operating in 2005 to Christchurch, New Zealand. Although Jetstar is owned by Qantas, its management operates largely independent of Qantas through a company formerly known as Impulse Airlines.

Jetstar’s sister airline, the Jetstar Asia Airways, first took off from its Singapore hub to Hong Kong in 2004, marking Qantas’s journey into the Asian low-cost airline market. A year later, it was announced that Jetstar would establish the world’s first global low-cost airline. At the end of 2005, it was also announced that Jetstar would fly to Perth from Avalon Airport. In 2006, Jetstar became the first Australian airline to allow customers to select their seat upon booking.

Qantas acquired an 18% stake in Vietnam’s Pacific Airlines, which was relaunched under the Jetstar Pacific brand. Since 2010, Qantas’s shareholding in Jetstar Pacific has increased to 30%. In 2009, Jetstar officially operated daily direct service from Auckland to Gold Coast and Sydney. Still in the same year, Jetstar also launched domestic New Zealand flights to serve Auckland, Wellington, Christchurch, and Queenstown using the Airbus A320 aircraft.

In 2011, Qantas announced that it would launch a new airline called Jetstar Japan, a joint venture of Jetstar, Japan Airlines, and Mitsubishi. The airline was expected to start operating in December 2012, but then was launched ahead of schedule in July 2012. Jetstar also once announced that it would launch another Asian sister airline called Jetstar Hong Kong, a partnership between Qantas and Eastern China Airlines. Jetstar Hong Kong was expected to start operating in 2013, but unfortunately the operation never took place due to revoked license application.

In 2014, Jetstar signed a codeshare agreement with Emirates as a continuation of the agreement between Emirates and Qantas. Jetstar also has a codeshare agreement with American Airlines, Japan Airlines, and LATAM Chile. A year later, Jetstar announced that it would operate regional services in New Zealand, beginning in December 2015. The new service would be operated by Eastern Australia Airlines—also a Jetstar brand—using five turboprop Bombardier Dash 8. At least four new destinations would be served initially, with Hamilton, Rotorua, New Plymouth, Napier, Palmerston North, Nelson, and Invercargill as the cities under consideration. Finally, in August 2015, Jetstar announced that it had selected the first four regional centers it would serve later that December, which are Napier, Nelson, New Plymouth, and Palmerston North.




Contact Jetstar


+61 3 9347 0091




Jetstar Office


Jetstar


PO Box 4713, Melbourne, VIC 3001, Australia



Share














Register your email and enjoy up to 70% member-only discount!





Join




Customer Service
0804-1500-308
About Traveloka
How to Book
Contact Us
Help Center
Careers
Installment
Others
Blog
Newsletter Subscription
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Register Your Hotel
Traveloka Press Room
Products
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data
Attractions & Activities
Download Traveloka App
Payment Partners
Follow us on
Copyright © 2017 Traveloka
?
Need help?
evtbvsrwfq