Traveloka Stay Guarantee
warning
This site needs Javascript. Please activate Javascript to continue.
Promos
Retrieve Booking
IDR
My Account
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data Packages
Attractions & Activities

How to Claim
Terms & Conditions
Questions & Answers

Claim StayGuarantee with Ease

Follow the 4 steps below.











Open your Traveloka App

Open your Traveloka App (minimum version 2.9). On the homepage, tap the
My Booking
menu at the bottom of the page.









View Your Hotel Voucher

In
My Booking
, find your hotel booking and tap
View Hotel Voucher
.















Tap the “Need Check-in Help?” Button on Your Voucher

Tap the
Need Check-in Help?
button at the top of your hotel voucher. After a new page opens, tap
Claim the Guarantee
.









Fill In the Guarantee Form

Explain the trouble you encountered during check-in, then tap
Submit Your Claim Request
. We will review your submission and get in touch very soon.








Make Your Claim Process Simple


Please read the following terms & conditions before proceeding with your request.






General Terms of Service




Applicable for bookings made through Traveloka App or Traveloka desktop and mobile website.

Applicable for all hotels worldwide.

In the unlikely event that your confirmed booking cannot be honored by the property, Traveloka will offer you an alternative accommodation at an equivalent or better quality for you.

You may expect waiting time for up to 30 minutes after tapping the "Need Check-in Help?" button, or up to 60 minutes after contacting our Customer Service, for our Customer Service staff to suggest an alternative accommodation.

Should you feel unsatisfied about your stay at the new accommodation, you may claim a discount coupon worth up to 50% of your original transaction.

Should you not approve any of the alternative accommodation offered, you may claim a full refund of the price paid for the original accommodation, along with a discount coupon worth up to 50% of your original transaction.





Refund/Coupon Terms of Use




Any claim for refund and/or discount coupon must be made by tapping the
Need Check-in Help?
then
Claim the Guarantee
buttons on your hotel voucher. The
Claim the Guarantee
button will be available within 1 day after your check-in date, up to 3 days after your check-out date.

The refund process may take up to 5 working days. Any missing documents or inaccuracies of information provided by the customer may result in additional delays.

Discount coupon will be available for immediate and unrestricted use for all Traveloka products. The value may amount to 50% of your original transaction, and will be decided by Traveloka on a case-by-case basis.

Refund through bank transfer will only be processed if the bank account holder is one of the hotel guests stated on the hotel voucher, or is the one making the reservation. Otherwise, please provide a scanned copy of a Power of Attorney, signed by one of the guests, along with a scanned copy of the bank account holder’s ID card.

Refund for purchases using credit cards cannot be paid in cash. The refund amount will be credited back to the same credit card, and is subject to the issuing bank’s terms and conditions.

Amount of refund for multi-currency transaction will be adjusted to the currency exchange rate at the time of booking.

Traveloka has the right to request for any documents or additional information needed for refund approval.

Refund submission will automatically cancel the reservation.

Refund submission is final. It cannot be undone or canceled for any reason.





1. What is StayGuarantee?


StayGuarantee is an assurance given by Traveloka that you could check in successfully at the accommodation of your choice. Say goodbye to check-in troubles!



2. Who can claim for StayGuarantee?


Any customer who books an accommodation through Traveloka App or website can claim for StayGuarantee. In the rare case where your confirmed reservation is declined by the hotel partners, please contact our Customer Service staff for assistance. They will assist you in case of any trouble -- so you can enjoy your stay worry-free.



3. How does StayGuarantee work?


Beginning one day before your hotel check-in date, a button that reads “Need Check-in Help?” will show up on your hotel voucher. Tap this button in case you need our assistance for your check-in.
After the button is tapped, a list of check-in troubles will appear. Pick one that best describes your situation, and our Customer Service Specialist will contact you to help you solve it.
In the rare events that you still find yourself unable to check in, tap the “Need Check-in Help?” button again so our Specialist can look for alternative accommodations at equal -- or even better -- quality for you. Pick one that you like best, at no additional cost.
PS: We care about your satisfaction. So if you feel unsatisfied with your stay at the new accommodation, we will give you a discount coupon worth up to 50% of your original transaction. Use this coupon for your next booking of any Traveloka products.
If you decide not to stay at any of the offered accommodations, you will get a full refund discount coupon along with a full refund of your original payment.



4. What can I do if I do not feel satisfied with my new accommodation?


You can claim for a discount coupon worth up to 50% of the value of your original transaction. Feel free to use this coupon for any of your future transactions with Traveloka.
If you decide not to stay at any of the offered accommodations, you can claim for a full refund of your original payment along with the discount coupon.
Please submit your claim via Traveloka App (minimum version 2.9) or through our 24/7 Customer Service. For more details on how to submit a claim, please visit How to Claim.



5. Why could I not submit my claim via Traveloka App? I already have version 2.9 or above.


To make the claim, you need to tap the Claim the Guarantee button on your hotel voucher. This button will only appear 1 day after your check-in date until 3 days after your check-out date. So, be sure to recheck your hotel voucher within these dates.



6. How long will it take to process my claim?


Within 24 hours, our Customer Service staff will contact you for updates on your claim status. If you are eligible for a full refund, you would be requested to submit the required documents and informations to Traveloka. After all the required documents have been submitted, it may take up to 5 working days for the refund to reach your bank account.



7. How can I know if my claim is approved?


Within 24 hours after your submission, our Customer Service staff will contact you via phone or email to give you an update about your claim status.



8. Why is my claim rejected?


Claim approval for every submission will be decided on a case-by-case basis. Please refer to
StayGuarantee Terms and Conditions
for more details.



9. Is there a time limit for submitting a claim?


Yes. Please submit your claim within 1 day after your check-in date, or at the latest 3 days after your check-out date.



10. I have just noticed that Traveloka offers StayGuarantee. Can I make a claim for my past bookings?


Unfortunately, you can only claim for compensation within 1 day after your hotel check-in date and up to 3 days after your check-out date.




Need more info? Our Customer Service team is here to help!

We’ll answer any questions about StayGuarantee and help you submit your claim request.





Call Us

0804-1500-308

(reachable from within Indonesia only)
Please prepare your
Booking ID
upon calling.




Email Us

cs@traveloka.com

Please include
[Claim Stay Guarantee]

and your
Booking ID
in your email subject.



Customer Service
0804-1500-308
About Traveloka
How to Book
Contact Us
Help Center
Careers
Installment
Others
Blog
Newsletter Subscription
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Register Your Hotel
Traveloka Press Room
Products
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data
Attractions & Activities
Download Traveloka App
Payment Partners
Follow us on
Copyright © 2017 Traveloka
?
Need help?
evtbvsrwfq