NAM Air Online Booking - Get NAM Air Promotion and Cheap Flight Tickets on Traveloka
warning
This site needs Javascript. Please activate Javascript to continue.
Promos
Retrieve Booking
IDR
My Account
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data Packages
Attractions & Activities
Search cheap and promo NAM Air flight tickets here!
Flight Destination
From:
To:
Date of Flight
Departure:

One-way
Return
Return:

Search Flights
No. of Passengers:
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
0
1
2
3
4
Seat Class:
Economy
Search Flights
<div id="smartCari">Search +</div> Auto-search


Overview
Service & Facilities
Policies
Flight Routes
Profile










Get the best NAM Air promotion and deals from Traveloka. Register your email and enjoy up to 70% member-only discount!







Join







NAM Air: An Introduction
Reaching far to the remote corners of Indonesia,
NAM Air
is committed to serving smaller towns as well as major cities. As a subsidiary of Sriwijaya Air, the third largest airlines in Indonesia, NAM Air has carried millions of passengers on thousands of trips since its first inauguration. With more than 30 domestic destinations and one international destination, NAM Air offers business class and economy class on each flight.



Overview

NAM Air Booking & E-ticket
Traveloka Airline Partners
Traveloka Official Payment Partners


NAM Air Booking & E-ticket

Search and book your NAM Air flight tickets online via Traveloka to get the best price and promotions.

How to Book
Here’s how you can book your NAM Air ticket online:

Go to
Traveloka website
or open your Traveloka App

Fill in the flight details in the search box

Choose and book your flight

Fill in contact information and passenger details

Complete your payment through the selected method

Receive your NAM Air e-ticket in
My Booking
or in your email




How to Pay
Payment for your NAM Air ticket can be made via bank transfer (ATM/SMS Banking/e-banking/bank teller), credit card, and Indomaret.

For complete information about payment methods, please visit
How to Pay
.



NAM Air E-ticket
NAM Air e-ticket is an eligible proof for booking an NAM Air flight. Show your e-ticket during check-in at the NAM Air counter at the airport, or use it for self check-in (at the airport or online), to get your boarding pass.

If you have not received your e-ticket within 60 minutes after payment is completed, please contact Traveloka Customer Service.


Traveloka Airline Partners - Domestic & International








Traveloka Official Payment Partners

























Service & Facilities

NAM Air Rating
NAM Air Seat Class
NAM Air Fleet
NAM Air In-flight Crew


NAM Air Rating



based on
1 review

Service standard:
Medium Service





NAM Air Seat Class


Economy Class


NAM Air’s Economy Class offers the opportunity for passengers to travel on a comfortable flight affordably. Every purchase of the ticket includes free baggage allowance, meals and beverages, and a high-standard service by the NAM Air crew. Adjustable seats are designed with a pitch of 29–30 inches, located in the aft and middle part of the aircraft.




In-flight Meal

For domestic flights, NAM Air provides complimentary refreshments consisting of light snacks and mineral water, whereas during international flights, Economy Class passengers will be served with a well-balanced cuisine complete with desserts and an assortment of beverages. Baked potato with chicken/meat in gravy is served in navy blue tableware, accompanied by pudding and fruit juice.





Business Class


Flying in NAM Air’s Business Class means receiving maximum comfort both on the ground and on the flight. Passengers are prioritized during check-in and receive access to the executive lounges, where they can enjoy a well-stocked buffet consisting of various meals and beverages in a relaxing ambiance. During the flight, larger space and more comfortable seats are provided, allowing passengers to rest well and feel refreshed upon arrival.




In-flight Meal

Business Class passengers will be served with onboard catering whose menus vary according to the distance of their flight. Free hot meals, complete with fruit and beverages, are available for passengers on longer flight duration, whereas those flying on shorter flights are served with a variety of lighter meals.














NAM Air Fleet



Boeing 737-500


Seat class:

Economy

Business


Seat layout:

3-3 (Economy)

2-2 (Business)


Seat pitch:

29 inches (Economy)

36 inches (Business)


In-flight entertainment:
Not Available

WiFi:
Not Available

Power/USB port:
Not Available














NAM Air In-flight Crew





NAM Air Flight Attendant Uniform

NAM Air’s flight attendant uniform provides maximum freedom of mobility, thanks to the pair of classically designed trousers. Paired with a navy blazer over a soothing blue short-sleeved shirt, the uniform exudes elegance, while providing the crew with efficiency and comfort in serving passengers. A navy beret hat with a gold emblem and a blue patterned scarf complement their overall appearance.



Policies

NAM Air Baggage Allowance
NAM Air Passenger Policy
NAM Air Check-in Policy
NAM Air Refund Policy
NAM Air Reschedule Policy


NAM Air Baggage Allowance




Flight Route
Seat Class
Cabin Baggage
Check-in Baggage




All routes

Economy Class

Max. 7 kg
(1 hand baggage + 1 personal item)

Max. 20 kg

Business Class

Max. 30 kg


NAM Air Passenger Policy


Infant Passenger Policy (0-2 Years Old)


Infant passengers may be required to show an identification document, such as a birth certificate.

Newborn infants aged less than 2 days old is not allowed on board.

Newborn infants between 3–7 days old are allowed on board. However, a permission letter from a certified medical professional is required.

Infant passengers must be accompanied by their parents or accompanying adults traveling in the same cabin. One adult passenger is allowed to accompany only one infant passenger in the cabin.

Infant passengers are allowed to sit in the same seat as their accompanying adult.

Passengers flying with an infant younger than 2 years old are required to inform the airline during booking.

For international flights, infant passengers are required to present the same set of travel documents as adult passengers.





Child Passenger Policy (2-12 Years Old)


Child passengers may be required to present an identification document, such as a birth certificate.

Child passengers are required to purchase an individual ticket and seat.

Child passengers are not allowed to travel alone without their parents or guardians under any circumstances.

For international flights, child passengers are required to present the same set of travel documents as adult passengers.





Pregnant Passenger Policy


Passengers beyond their 32 weeks of pregnancy are not allowed onboard.

Passengers beyond their 28 weeks of pregnancy are still allowed onboard, as long as they are granted permission by a certified medical professional, proven by a medical check-up result, stating that the passenger is fit to travel. The medical certificate must be issued within 72 hours prior to departure.

Pregnant passengers also have to sign a statement letter (Form of Indemnity) which will be provided by NAM Air staff at the branch office or airport.





Disabled Passenger Policy

Passengers in certain conditions or requiring special equipment must book their ticket directly at the NAM Air/Sriwijaya Air sales office. During booking, passengers might be requested to fulfill the following requirements:

Present a medical certificate from the attending physician that describes the condition of the passenger.

Sign an official letter from NAM Air regarding the special need.

Ensure that the passenger will be accompanied by at least one or two friends/family.




NAM Air Check-in Policy


NAM Air Check-in Time

Please find the check-in time for all NAM Air flights on the table below. Check-in time may vary if your flight is operated by a partner airline. Please check your e-ticket to ensure.



Flight Route

Recommended Check-in Time

Check-in Time Limit




All Routes

1 hour 45 minutes before departure

45 minutes before departure







NAM Air Refund Policy

In general, refunds are permitted for personal reasons (self-cancellation, sickness, pregnancy, or death of a passenger), cancellation/rescheduling by the airline, force majeure, or double booking. However, different airlines have different policies regarding acceptable refund reasons. Please visit
NAM Air Refund Policy
for a complete information on refund.
How to Refund




NAM Air Reschedule Policy

You can easily change your flight schedule and itinerary using Easy Reschedule. Some airlines allow changes to date, time, route, and airline, while some only allow changes to date and time. 

Please refer to
NAM Air Reschedule Terms & Conditions
to find the complete guide to rescheduling your flight. If your flight is not eligible for Easy Reschedule, please contact NAM Air directly to reschedule.
How to Reschedule




Flight Routes

NAM Air Schedule
NAM Air Destinations
NAM Air Popular Routes
Popular Hotels



NAM Air Destinations



Java


Bandung

Banyuwangi

Jakarta

Malang

Semarang

Solo

Surabaya

Yogyakarta




Sumatra


Bandar Lampung

Batam

Bengkulu

Jambi

Medan

Natuna

Padang

Palembang

Bangka / Pangkal Pinang

Pekanbaru

Silangit

Belitung / Tanjung Pandan

Bintan / Tanjung Pinang

Lubuk Linggau

Muara Bungo




Borneo


Balikpapan

Banjarmasin

Berau

Ketapang

Pangkalan Bun

Pontianak

Putussibau

Sampit

Sintang

Tarakan




Sulawesi


Gorontalo

Kendari

Luwuk

Makassar

Mamuju

Manado

Palu




Bali & Lesser Sunda Is.


Alor

Bima

Bali / Denpasar

Ende

Kupang

Labuan Bajo

Maumere

Ruteng

Waikabubak

Waingapu

Bajawa

Larantuka




Moluccas & Papua


Ambon

Biak

Fak Fak

Jayapura

Kaimana

Manokwari

Merauke

Nabire

Sorong

Ternate

Timika




Malaysia


Penang




Timor Leste


Dili



NAM Air Popular Routes

Jakarta – Denpasar Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Surabaya Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Singapore Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Malang Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Yogyakarta Flight Tickets
Yogyakarta – Singapore Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Medan Flight Tickets
Surabaya – Jakarta Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Lombok Flight Tickets
Popular Hotels

Hotels in Jakarta
Hotels in Bali
Hotels in Yogyakarta
Hotels in Malang
Hotels in Bandung
Hotels in Singapore
Hotels in Bogor
Hotels in Surabaya
Hotels in Semarang



Profile

About NAM Air
NAM Air History
Contact NAM Air

About NAM Air


NAM Air (IATA code: IN)
is a scheduled commercial airline from Indonesia operating under Sriwijaya Air Group. Headquartered in Jakarta, the airline operates both as a feeder airline, connecting flights from smaller towns to its hub airports in Jakarta, Surabaya and Denpasar, and a major airline, serving routes to more popular destinations. With the tagline "Weaving the islands, closing the distance", NAM Air is committed to reach far to Indonesia's remote areas, providing flights to the less common but equally needed routes.

The airline’s name itself, NAM Air, is derived from the name of Sriwijaya Air Vice President Chandra Lie’s father, Lo Kui Nam. The acronym NAM, on the other hand, is used for a number of Sriwijaya Air Group’s facilities, such as National Aviation Management (NAM) Flying School in Pangkal Pinang and Negeri Aksara Mandiri (NAM) which publishes the group’s in-flight magazines.

As a subsidiary, NAM Air’s livery displays the same colors as that of Sriwijaya Air, which are white, blue and red. White is used as the base color and the color for NAM inscriptions to represent the sincerity of its employees. Blue in the rear side of the wing-shaped logo represents NAM Air’s aspirations to spread its wings and fly to the remote corners of the Archipelago. Meanwhile, the color red on the foreside of the logo represents the courage of both the leaders and employees of NAM Air, while serving as a reminder for them to be bold and wise in solving problems or making decisions. In summary, NAM Air’s livery represents the work culture of integrity, honesty and courage.

With that work culture in mind, NAM Air’s dedication in serving its passengers is proven by its accommodating crew’s excellent service during the flight, attention to details and sincere care. Since its first operation in 2013, NAM Air continuously strives to achieve its vision to become the consumers’ first choice. Their effort is reflected by their On-Time Performance ranking of 90.1% of 9,103 flights, establishing itself as the second Most On-Time Airlines in 2016 in the ranking by the Information and Communication Bureau of the Indonesian Ministry of Transportation. Indonesian Civil Aviation Authority also lists NAM Air as Category 1 airline, the highest status that can be obtained for operational safety. 

With safety as one of its top priority, the maintenance of NAM Air and Sriwijaya Air fleets is always carried out by an experienced team of aviation engineers from Indonesia and overseas. The high standard of maintenance complies with regulations of the Indonesian Directorate General of Civil Aviation and is carried out according to the guidelines from the manufacturer.

In fact, for any minor maintenance of NAM Air, the Sriwijaya Air Group Company has the National Aircraft Maintenance (NAM) to rely to. NAM has received an accolade from Boeing for its commitment in promoting aviation safety. Major maintenance, on the other hand, is performed by Garuda Maintenance Facility (GMF) AeroAsia and AiRod Sdn. Bhd. as a trusted maintenance provider with international standard. This cooperation provides NAM Air with optimum safety and comfort.

The other contributing factor to NAM Air’s safety is the excellent skill of its pilots and cabin crew. National Aviation Management, a flying school located in Pangkal Pinang, hires experienced instructors from Europe and North America to train all its pilots. The flying school, which has obtained the Indonesian Civil Aviation Authority certification in 2010, utilizes flight simulators from Frasca and Red Bull, as well as Piper Warrior III planes to train its students. 

Meanwhile, NAM Air cabin crew are trained at National Air Crew Management, a training center located in Marsekal Suryadarma area, Tangerang. The training center, which has obtained the TCC-142-016 certification from the Ministry of Transportation, is equipped with Boeing simulators, life crafts, pools, and other safety training facilities. Therefore, the highly-valued customers can rely on the safety and comfort of NAM Air.

Since its establishment in 2013, NAM Air also has become one of few airlines in Southeast Asia and the first airline in Indonesia that allow its female flight attendants to wear hijab in all regular flights. Previously, Indonesian airlines only allowed their flight attendants to wear hijab on flights to and from the Middle East, especially Saudi Arabia, that cater to the purpose of umrah or hajj. Sriwijaya Air followed on this footstep in November 2015. 

Occupying a unique position in the Indonesian airlines service, NAM Air operates as a medium service carrier, giving consumers value for their money. NAM Air offers business class and economy class, both serve high-quality food and drinks for passengers. Entertainment is also available in the form of in-flight magazine showcasing the best of NAM Air’s network, covering people, culture, food, fashion, travel, and business. With clean and contemporary design, the magazine offers various suggestions with insider tips from locals and contributors. Passengers can find information on new tourist spots, in-vogue gadgets, or the latest travel trends to guide and inspire them for their trips.

NAM Air also provides a baggage allowance of up to 30 kg for its Business Class passengers, and up to 20 kg for its Economy Class passengers. Aside from the free checked baggage, passengers are also allowed to bring cabin baggage of up to 10 kg. The cabin baggage should not be larger than 55 cm x 35 cm x 25 cm, so that it can be safely stowed in the overhead compartments above the seat, or underneath the seat in front of them.

To board the aircraft, all passengers are required to check-in at the airport counter at least 90 minutes prior to departure for domestic flights. However, NAM Air suggests that passengers finish their check-in process one hour and 45 minutes prior to departure to ensure convenient time for baggage check-in, security scanning and clearance, and boarding. Meanwhile, passengers of international flights must arrive at the airport at least three hours prior to departure to allow additional time for immigration procedures. Alternatively, passengers can also check-in online via the Sriwijaya Air website.


NAM Air History


NAM Air was initially planned to be a full-service carrier, competing with Indonesia’s major airlines. However, this plan changed. On 26 September 2013, NAM air was officially launched at Djakarta Theater Building as a feeder flight for Sriwijaya Air. 

After obtaining the airline operational certificate (AOC) in late November 2013, NAM Air commenced its inaugural flight on 11 December 2013. This non-commercial flight flew from Jakarta (CGK) to Pangkal Pinang (PGK) with Boeing 737-500, registered as PK-NAM. Passengers on the flight included the board of directors of Sriwijaya Air Group and their business partners, journalist, and travel agents.

NAM Air's first commercial flights flew a week later on 19 December 2013, serving such routes as Jakarta – Pontianak, Pontianak – Yogyakarta, Surabaya – Pangkalan Bun, Pangkalan Bun – Semarang, Surabaya – Palu, and Palu – Luwuk.

NAM Air chooses Surabaya as the central base of its operations in eastern Indonesia, while for the country’s western region it chooses Jakarta. Some of the eastern routes are Jakarta – Sorong, Jakarta – Kupang, Jakarta – Pontianak, Surabaya – Luwuk, Surabaya – Pangkalan Bun, Surabaya – Biak, Surabaya – Denpasar, Denpasar – Kupang, Denpasar – Waingapu, and Denpasar – Maumere.

In a short period of time, NAM Air has shown a significant growth as a feeder carrier. In the first year, NAM air has carried almost 400,000 passengers with its two fleets. Under the leadership of Jefferson Jauwena as CEO, the airline expected to carry 760,000 passengers the second year. The first year also saw NAM Air adding 10 fleets to accommodate the increasing volume of passengers.

All of NAM Air’s 10 fleets are from the 737 series, the best-selling aircraft in world history, covering 25% of the market of large jets in the world. Using Boeing 737-500, with high bypass ratio CFM56 turbofans and more advanced avionics than its predecessor, all NAM Air fleets are equipped with the technology adequate for short to medium-range flights.

The AOC 121-058 certifies NAM Air as a commercial scheduled airline with a capacity of more than 30 seats per aircraft. Using Boeing 737 series, NAM Air provides 112 seats in its Economy Class, and eight seats in Business Class, which means it can carry a total of 120 passengers per flight. The two-class formation is available on Boeing 737-500 Winglets series, while other series offers the single, all-economy formation with a capacity of up to 148 seats.

NAM Air expanded to serve more major routes in 2015. However, being a feeder carrier, the airline is obliged to continuously strengthen its routes to smaller cities. To accomplish this long-term business plan, NAM Air signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to buy 100 units of Regio Prop R80 fleets from PT. Regio Aviasi Indonesia, a national aircraft manufacturer company, owned by the former president B.J. Habibie.

Designed by the world maestro in aviation, B.J. Habibie, and his son, Ilham Habibie, Regio Prop R80 utilized a turboprop engine propeller that can make the plane fly as far as 1,481 km. The compact yet sleek build accommodates 92 seats. The aircraft is devised to move efficiently in runways as short as 1.2 km. This adjustment is in accordance with NAM Air’s purpose to serve smaller cities in Indonesia. The R80s are projected to conduct its first flight between 2019 and 2020. Therefore, nowadays NAM Air still has to rely on its Boeing 737-500s, which makes way for more trust in serving major cities.

Seeing a growth of travelers from Dili, East Timor, NAM Air opened its first international flight to Dili in 2016. Taking the fact that there were only limited flights to Dili into consideration, NAM Air saw that it was necessary to meet the consumers’ demand. NAM Air has served flights from Denpasar to Dili, and vice versa, on a daily basis ever since.

Having measured Indonesia’s market potential, Sriwijaya Air and NAM Air expect a rise in passenger volume to 15 million in 2017. Therefore, the airline has signed an agreement to acquire the French-Italian ATR  72-600 aircraft from Toulouse. NAM Air had ordered a total of 12 ATR aircraft, two of them were delivered in January 2017. The remaining airplanes will be delivered gradually until the end of the year. 

The new ATR 72-600 can only accommodate single class formation with a capacity of between 48 and 78 seats. Therefore, Business Class is still offered mainly on Boeing 737-500Ws. To accommodate consumers’ needs, Sriwijaya Air will be providing NAM Air with 17 additional Boeing 737-500s in the future, making the latter’s total Boeing fleet to 27 aircraft.

In serving flights to remote areas, NAM Air previously cooperated with Trans Nusa Aviation. Today, with more fleets, NAM Air is able to operate independently. Equipped with turboprop engine, ATRs are suitable for short-haul flights, strengthening NAM Air’s position in serving regional areas. The additional Boeing 737-500s, on the other hand, will allow NAM Air to spread its wings to more major routes in Indonesia.

By the end of 2016, both Sriwijaya and NAM Air had operated 50 Boeing aircraft in total to serve 120 daily flights. They have carried more than 11 million of passengers — 90% of the time domestically — and will continue striving to provide its passengers with the best service.




Contact NAM Air


(+6221) 6471 7999




NAM Air Office


NAM Air


Jl. Gunung Sahari Raya
No. 13 Blok B8-10
Jakarta Utara 14420
Indonesia



Share














Register your email and enjoy up to 70% member-only discount!





Join




Customer Service
0804-1500-308
About Traveloka
How to Book
Contact Us
Help Center
Careers
Installment
Others
Blog
Newsletter Subscription
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Register Your Hotel
Traveloka Press Room
Products
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data
Attractions & Activities
Download Traveloka App
Payment Partners
Follow us on
Copyright © 2017 Traveloka
?
Need help?
evtbvsrwfq