Japan Airlines Online Booking - Get Japan Airlines Promotion and Cheap Flight Tickets on Traveloka
warning
This site needs Javascript. Please activate Javascript to continue.
Promos
Retrieve Booking
IDR
My Account
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data Packages
Attractions & Activities
Search cheap and promo Japan Airlines flight tickets here!
Flight Destination
From:
To:
Date of Flight
Departure:

One-way
Return
Return:

Search Flights
No. of Passengers:
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
0
1
2
3
4
Seat Class:
Economy
Search Flights
<div id="smartCari">Search +</div> Auto-search


Overview
Service & Facilities
Policies
Flight Routes
Profile










Get the best Japan Airlines promotion and deals from Traveloka. Register your email and enjoy up to 70% member-only discount!







Join







Japan Airlines: An Introduction
Japan Airlines
, or commonly known as JAL, is the second largest airlines in Japan after All Nippon Airways (ANA). According to IATA, the airline is recognized as the world’s best airline in passenger and cargo transportation performance. JAL’ headquarter is located in Shinagawa, Tokyo, with two main hubs in Narita and Tokyo International Airport. JAL currently serves flights to 220 destinations across 35 countries with four cabin classes, ranging from the Economy Class, Premium Economy Class, Business Class, and First Class.



Overview

Japan Airlines Booking & E-ticket
Traveloka Airline Partners
Traveloka Official Payment Partners


Japan Airlines Booking & E-ticket

Search and book your Japan Airlines flight tickets online via Traveloka to get the best price and promotions.

How to Book
Here’s how you can book your Japan Airlines ticket online:

Go to
Traveloka website
or open your Traveloka App

Fill in the flight details in the search box

Choose and book your flight

Fill in contact information and passenger details

Complete your payment through the selected method

Receive your Japan Airlines e-ticket in
My Booking
or in your email




How to Pay
Payment for your Japan Airlines ticket can be made via bank transfer (ATM/SMS Banking/e-banking/bank teller), credit card, and Indomaret.

For complete information about payment methods, please visit
How to Pay
.



Japan Airlines E-ticket
Japan Airlines e-ticket is an eligible proof for booking an Japan Airlines flight. Show your e-ticket during check-in at the Japan Airlines counter at the airport, or use it for self check-in (at the airport or online), to get your boarding pass.

If you have not received your e-ticket within 60 minutes after payment is completed, please contact Traveloka Customer Service.


Traveloka Airline Partners - Domestic & International








Traveloka Official Payment Partners

























Service & Facilities

Japan Airlines Rating
Japan Airlines Seat Class
Japan Airlines Privilege Programs
Japan Airlines Fleet
Japan Airlines In-flight Crew


Japan Airlines Rating



based on
261 reviews

Service standard:
FullService





Japan Airlines Seat Class


Economy Class


Japan Airlines offers different types of Economy Class seats, depending on the aircraft. Seats range from JAL Sky Wider, JAL Sky Wider II, and RECARO seats. However, the Economy Class cabin commonly provides seats that are 45-48 cm in width, free unobstructed space under cabin seat, power outlet, and 10.6-inch touch panel monitor. In-flight entertainment includes movies, videos, audios, games, and digital books, with contents ranging from pop music to Rakugo, the comic storytelling culture in Japan.




In-flight Meal

As the airline with the best Economy Class, the meals in JAL’s Economy Class are styled by Nami Iijima, Japan’s top food stylist. Passengers can find a variety of menu depending on their flight destination. Passengers traveling to China, Hong Kong, or Taiwan will be served the Hokkaido set menu with a dessert such as Ishiya’s mifuyu matcha and Rokkatei’s butter sandwiches.





Premium Economy Class


Compared to the Economy Class, the Premium Economy Class offers bigger seats with a width of 48-49 cm, complete with leg and foot rest. Each seat is also equipped with a table big enough for a laptop or notebook, power supply, adjustable reading lights, 12.1-inch touch panel monitor, and a center console in the armrest. There are two types of Premium Economy Class seats, which are JAL Sky Premium and JAL Sky Shell Seat, each suitable for both working and sleeping during long-haul flights.




In-flight Meal

Just like in the Economy Class, meals in the Premium Economy Class are also styled by Nami Iijima. Passengers will be served with a Hokkaido-themed menu with variations such as Hokkaido corn stew, various noodle and udon, with baked cheese tart in certain routes. Premium Economy passengers can also enjoy a variety of branded champagne such as Gardet Brut Tradition N.V and Japanese shochu with Tomi-no-Hozen brand.




Business Class


The Business Class cabin offers seven types of seats depending on the aircraft, which are JAL Sky Suite I, JAL Sky Suite II, JAL Sky Suite III, JAL Shell Flat Neo, JAL Shell Flat Seat, JAL Skyrecliner, and JAL Skyluxe Seat. Each seat can be transformed into a comfortable bed and is equipped with a large table, convenient storage space, USB port, video input, and power outlet. Together with a 15.4-inch touch panel monitor in each seat, each passenger will be provided with noise-cancelling headphones from SONY. With a 1-2-1 configuration, the seating arrangement in JAL’s Business Class is specifically designed to give better privacy for its passengers.




In-flight Meal

Meals in JAL’s Business Class are created by Japanese top chefs such as Jun Kurogi, Chikara Yamada, Seiji Yamamoto, Yosuke Suga, and Fumiko Kono. A variety of desserts is also available onboard, ranging from macarons, palette chocolate, and pastry.  Beverages such as Delamotte Blanc de Blancs N.V., Marlborough Sauvignon blanc, Chateau de Beau-Site, and Becker Spaetburgunder Doppelstock are also available to complete the dining experience.





First Class


JAL’s First Class suites are designed to make passengers feel right at home, with the woodgrain interior and furnishing to provide a sense of luxury and elegance. Each suite features large seats which can be transformed into a bed, with two mattress pad option, hard or soft. Aside from the privacy of the suites, passengers will also get to enjoy a 23-inch personal screen and ample storage room. With similar in-flight entertainment features as Business Class, the facility is completed with an in-flight entertainment controller equipped with an LCD touch panel.




In-flight Meal

First Class passengers can choose from a variety of Japanese cuisines created by Chef Seiji Yamamoto, or Western cuisines created by Chef Yosuke Suga from Sugalabo. Various beverages such as Japanese rice wine (sake), western wine, and high-quality champagne are also available, all handpicked by an expert for its luxurious pleasure.




Japan Airlines Privilege Programs





JAL Mileage Bank

Japan Airlines offers a frequent flyer program called JAL Mileage Bank, with four membership level, from Crystal, Sapphire, JGC Premier, and Diamond. By joining this program, members can collect points and redeem them for various rewards from Japan Airlines and other airlines in the
one
world® alliance, such as free flight, additional free baggage, boarding priority, and lounge access. Members in a higher membership tier will get a chance to enjoy bigger rewards and benefits.


Airport Lounge

JAL’s airport lounge facilities vary depending on passenger’s seat class and destination. International passengers will gain access to the First Class Lounge, Sakura Lounge Annex, and JAL Lounge. Meanwhile, domestic passengers will gain access to the Diamond Premier Lounge and JAL Lounge. The Sakura Lounge offers high-quality beverages such as fruit juice, soda, coffee, tea, mineral water, and various snacks. In this lounge, passengers can also enjoy a selection of local newspapers, weekly magazines, and economy books. Passengers who want to continue their work while waiting for their flight can also utilize the public phones, fax machine, photocopy machine, personal computer, and the internet available inside the Sakura Lounge.








Japan Airlines Fleet



Boeing 777-300ER


Seat class:

Economy

Premium Economy

Business

First


Seat layout:

3-3-3 (Economy)

2-4-2 (Premium Economy)

2-3-2 (Business)

1-2-1 (First)


Seat pitch:

34 inches (Economy)

42 inches (Premium Economy)

74 inches (Business)

78.5 inches (First)


In-flight entertainment:
Available

WiFi:
Available

Power/USB port:
Available





Boeing 787-9


Seat class:

Economy

Premium Economy

Business


Seat layout:

2-4-2 (Economy)

2-3-2 (Premium Economy)

2-2-2 (Business)


Seat pitch:

33 inches (Economy)

42 inches (Premium Economy)

74 inches (Business)


In-flight entertainment:
Available

WiFi:
Available

Power/USB port:
Available












Japan Airlines In-flight Crew





Japan Airlines Flight Attendant Uniform

Similar to the rest of the staff, Japan Airlines’ flight attendant uniform features navy blue color with red accents, representing JAL’s corporate colors. The female flight attendant wears a white shirt, a navy blue blazer with red accent, and also a matching skirt or trouser, depending on the class they serve. The uniform is also completed with a beautiful navy blue and red scarf and a red belt with the JAL logo in the middle.



Policies

Japan Airlines Baggage Allowance
Japan Airlines Passenger Policy
Japan Airlines Check-in Policy
Japan Airlines Refund Policy
Japan Airlines Reschedule Policy


Japan Airlines Baggage Allowance




Flight Route
Seat Class
Cabin Baggage
Checked Baggage




All routes

Economy Class

2 pcs (max. 10 kg)
(Dimension: 25 x 40 x 55 cm)

2 pcs (max. 23 kg/pc)
(Dimension: max. 203 cm)

Premium Economy Class


Business Class

3 pcs (max. 32 kg/pc)
(Dimension: max. 203 cm)


First Class



Japan Airlines Passenger Policy


Infant Passenger Policy (0-2 Years Old)


Infant passengers younger than eight days are not allowed onboard.

Infant passengers must be accompanied by one adult age at least 16 years old.

Passengers traveling with more than one infant are required to purchase one additional seat for one of the infants.

Japan Airlines provides a specific seat for infants. To use this service, the infant’s parent or guardian are required to book this service at least three days before departure.





Child Passenger Policy (2-12 Years Old)


Child passengers between three to five years old are not allowed to travel alone.

Child passengers older than three years old are required to purchase an individual ticket.

Child passengers are allowed to use a stroller to the boarding gate. Japan Airlines also provides strollers and special seats for child passengers, which can be rented during the flight.

Child passengers are not allowed to sit near the emergency exit doors.

JAL provides special service for child passengers between six to 11 years old traveling alone (unaccompanied child).

The unaccompanied child passenger will get a ‘smile message’ sticker to ensure the child passenger can be identified by the cabin crew.

The unaccompanied child passenger’s parent or guardian are required to fill a form from JAL official website.





Pregnant Passenger Policy


Japan Airlines provides specific service for pregnant passengers onboard.

Pregnant passengers are required to inform the airline about her condition during booking.

Pregnant passengers are allowed choose their seat up to 15 minutes before departure.

Pregnant passengers are not allowed to sit near the emergency exit doors.

In the airport, pregnant passengers will get priority service.

Pregnant passengers are required to carry a medical information form (MEDIF) from their doctor, which must be issued within seven days before departure.





Disabled Passenger Policy


Japan Airlines provides assistance for any passenger with special needs such as wheelchairs, as well as assistance for passengers with visual impairments, hearing impairments, mental and emotional disorders, or senior citizens.

Passengers with wheelchairs are allowed onboard as long as the passenger complies with the airline’s rules as listed in JAL’s official website.

Passengers with special needs are allowed to choose their seats, such as seat with adjustable armrest or seats located near the toilet.

JAL’s allows passengers to bring their dog as a companion.

Airport staff will provide assistance to passengers with special needs, from the airport to the arrival lobby or other pick-up location.



Japan Airlines Check-in Policy


Japan Airlines Check-in Time

Please find the check-in time for all Japan Airlines flights on the table below. Check-in time may vary if your flight is operated by a partner airline. Please check your e-ticket to ensure.



Flight Route

Recommended Check-in Time

Check-in Time Limit




All Routes

2 hours before departure

1 hour before departure





Japan Airlines Online Check-in

Online check-in is also available for Japan Airlines flights. Please follow the steps below.

Go to
Japan Airlines web check-in page

Enter your booking code, or other booking details, as instructed

Complete your check-in details

Save and/or print your boarding pass




Japan Airlines Refund Policy

In general, refunds are permitted for personal reasons (self-cancellation, sickness, pregnancy, or death of a passenger), cancellation/rescheduling by the airline, force majeure, or double booking. However, different airlines have different policies regarding acceptable refund reasons. Please visit
Japan Airlines Refund Policy
for a complete information on refund.
How to Refund




Japan Airlines Reschedule Policy

You can easily change your flight schedule and itinerary using Easy Reschedule. Some airlines allow changes to date, time, route, and airline, while some only allow changes to date and time. 

Please refer to
Japan Airlines Reschedule Terms & Conditions
to find the complete guide to rescheduling your flight. If your flight is not eligible for Easy Reschedule, please contact Japan Airlines directly to reschedule.
How to Reschedule




Flight Routes

Japan Airlines Schedule
Japan Airlines Destinations
Japan Airlines Popular Routes
Popular Hotels



Japan Airlines Destinations



Java


Bandung

Jakarta

Semarang

Surabaya

Yogyakarta




Sumatra


Medan

Padang

Palembang

Pekanbaru




Borneo


Balikpapan




Sulawesi


Makassar

Manado




Bali & Lesser Sunda Is.


Bali / Denpasar

Lombok




China


Beijing

Guangzhou

Shanghai

Shanghai




Hong Kong


Hong Kong




Japan


Nagoya

Osaka

Tokyo

Tokyo

Sapporo

Takamatsu

Fukuoka

Kagoshima

Kumamoto

Matsuyama

Oita

Okinawa

Asahikawa

Aomori

Hiroshima

Hakodate

Kushiro

Memanbetsu

Obihiro

Okayama

Komatsu

Sendai

Osaka




Malaysia


Johor Bahru

Kuala Lumpur

Penang




Philippines


Manila




Singapore


Singapore




South Korea


Seoul

Busan




Thailand


Bangkok




Vietnam


Hanoi

Ho Chi Minh City




France


Paris




United Kingdom


London



Japan Airlines Popular Routes

Jakarta – Denpasar Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Surabaya Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Singapore Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Malang Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Yogyakarta Flight Tickets
Yogyakarta – Singapore Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Medan Flight Tickets
Surabaya – Jakarta Flight Tickets
Jakarta – Lombok Flight Tickets
Popular Hotels

Hotels in Jakarta
Hotels in Bali
Hotels in Yogyakarta
Hotels in Malang
Hotels in Bandung
Hotels in Singapore
Hotels in Bogor
Hotels in Surabaya
Hotels in Semarang



Profile

About Japan Airlines
Japan Airlines History
Contact Japan Airlines

About Japan Airlines


Japan Airlines (IATA code: JL)
or commonly referred as JAL, is the second largest airline company in Japan after All Nippon Airways, with two main hubs located in Narita International Airport and Tokyo International Airport (Haneda Airport). JAL has won prestigious awards such as becoming the world’s best airline for its on time performance service, top 100 Airlines in 2016, World’s Best Airline for Economy Class Travel in 2016, World’s Best Airline for Premium Economy Class Travel, and much more.

JAL offers four cabin classes on their long-haul international flights, which are Economy Class, Premium Economy Class, Business Class, and First Class. Each passenger can spend their times exploring a vast collection of entertainment during their flights. JAL’s in-flight entertainment includes a variety of films, audio programs, games, sky mangas, and digital books. Since April 2017, JAL’s in-flight entertainment facility has been powered with audio description and captions, so passengers with visual or hearing disabilities can still enjoy the facility.

JAL also provides a frequent flyer program called JAL Mileage Bank. There are at least four membership classes in the Japan Airlines frequent flyer program, which are Crystal, Sapphire, JGC Premier, and Diamond. Each point received from any flight with Japan Airlines can be redeemed for a variety of interesting promotions and offers from Japan Airlines, such as additional baggage capacity, priority boarding, airport lounge access, cabin class upgrade, and much more. Passengers can easily join the frequent flyer program by registering themselves through JAL’s official website
www.jal.co.jp
and go to JAL Mileage menu.

Each JAL passenger is also entitled to two items of cabin baggage, with the total weight not exceeding 10kg. While all passengers are entitled to the same amount of cabin baggage, the checked baggage allowance varies depending on the route and seat class. Economy Class,  Premium Economy Class, and Business Class passengers flying on a domestic route are entitled to 20 kg of checked baggage, while First Class passengers on a domestic route are entitled to 45 kg of checked baggage. There are no limitations to the number of bags, but the size must be within 50cm x 60cm x 120cm. For international routes, Economy Class and Premium Economy Class passengers are entitled to two pieces of checked baggage, each weighing no more than 23 kg, while Business Class and First Class passengers are entitled to three pieces of checked baggage, each weighing no more than 32 kg. Checked baggage items must not exceed 203 cm in dimension, including the wheel and handle.

All passengers are also recommended to check-in at least 60 minutes before departure. Domestic passengers can check-in directly at the airport check-in counters, or by using the Self Service Check-in and Ticketing Kiosk. International passengers can also check-in directly at the airport check-in counters, or by using the automatic check-in machines. As an alternative, international passengers can also check-in through JAL’s online or web check-in service, where passengers can also choose their own seats. To use this service, passengers just need to access JAL’s official website and access the web check-in menu under the international flight segment.


Japan Airlines History


Established on 1 August 1951, Japan Airlines Co., Ltd. was founded after the Japanese government administration admit that their country needs a reliable air transportation system to help Japan recover and grow after World War II. Japan Airlines was built with a 100 million yen of initial capital and a headquarter in Ginza, Chuo, Tokyo. Between 27 August to 29 August 1951, the airline operated invitational flights with one Douglas DC-3 Kinsei, borrowed from the Philippine Airlines.

On 25 October 1951, JAL finally flew their first domestic flight after World War II with a Martin 2-0-2 aircraft called Mokusei, with the crew leased from Northwest Airlines. In 1953, JAL developed their flight route to the northern Japan area, which includes new flight routes from Tokyo to Sapporo and Misawa. JAL also developed new flight routes to western Japan area with flight routes to Nagoya, Osaka, and Fukuoka Iwakuni. One year later, JAL finally had its first international flight, carrying 18 passengers from Tokyo to Honolulu and San Fransisco using a Douglas DC-6B aircraft.

In 1960, JAL ordered its first jet plane, the Douglas DC-8. The aircraft was named “Fuji” and was used to serve international routes from Tokyo to Honolulu and San Francisco. In the same year, JAL also opened new flight routes to Seattle and Hong Kong. Until the end of 1961, JAL had transpolar flights from Tokyo to Seattle, Copenhagen, London and Paris via Anchorage, Alaska and to Los Angeles and San Francisco via Honolulu, Hawaii.

During the 1960s, JAL flew to many cities around the world, including Moscow, New York, and Pusan. JAL started to serve European flights via Anchorage in 1961 using DC-8s, while services to Europe via India started in 192 using Convair 880s.

In October 1963, JAL merged with Japan Aircraft Maintenance Co., Ltd, and later established Japan Domestic Airlines Co., Ltd. with the merger of Nitto Aviation Co., Ltd., FUJI AIR LINE Co., Ltd., and North Japan Airlines Co., Ltd. in April 1964.

On 20 April 1974, China and Japan signed a Civil Air Transport Agreement, which caused the suspension of air routes between Taiwan and Japan. However, a new subsidiary, Japan Asia Airways, was established on 8 August 1975, and air services between the two countries were restored on 15 September.

During the 1970s, JAL had added new aircraft to its fleet, including Boeing 727, Boeing 747, and McDonnell Douglas DC-10 to serve its growing routes within Japan and to other countries. In 1978, JAL added new routes to Sao Paulo and Rio De Janeiro, Brazil, through Anchorage and San Juan.

In the 1980s, JAL served special flights for the Crown Prince Akihito and Crown Princess Michiko of Japan, Pope John Paul II, and for Japanese prime minister, until the introduction of the dedicated government aircraft using two Boeing 747-400, operated as Japanese Air Force One and Japanese Air Force Two. Within that decade, JAL also introduced new fleets, which include Boeing 747-100SR, Boeing 747-SUD, and Boeing 767 jet to replace their Boeing 727 and Douglas DC-8 aircraft. 

In 1987, Japan Airlines was completely privatized, with the other two Japanese airlines, All Nippon Airways (ANA) and Japan Air System (JAS), permitted to compete with JAL on domestic and international routes. This increasing competition resulted in changes to the airline's corporate structure, which was reorganized into three divisions: international passenger service, domestic passenger service, and cargo service.

In the 1990s, JAL started their decade by evacuating Japanese citizens from Iraq, just before the beginning of the historic Gulf War. In October 1990, JAL founded Japan Air Charter. Six years later, JAL became the official airline partner for Tokyo Disneyland. The next year, JAL founded JAL Express in April 1997, with Boeing 737 used for its operations.

Over the years, JAL continues to grow and has become the second largest airline company in Japan after All Nippon Airways and the sixth largest airline in the world. In 2015, JAL employed at least 47,000 people, served flights to 220 destinations across 35 countries all over the world, flew more than 52 million passengers, and more than 1.1 million ton of cargo and letters.




Contact Japan Airlines


(021) 5591-3388




Japan Airlines Office


Japan Airlines


Wisma Keiai 2nd Floor,
Jl. Jenderal Sudirman, Kav. 3-4, 
Jakarta, 10220 Indonesia



Share














Register your email and enjoy up to 70% member-only discount!





Join




Customer Service
0804-1500-308
About Traveloka
How to Book
Contact Us
Help Center
Careers
Installment
Others
Blog
Newsletter Subscription
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Register Your Hotel
Traveloka Press Room
Products
Flights
Hotels
Trains
Flight + Hotel
Top-Up & Data
Attractions & Activities
Download Traveloka App
Payment Partners
Follow us on
Copyright © 2017 Traveloka
?
Need help?
evtbvsrwfq