

WORLD EXCLUSIVE: 14 Incredible Things You Never Knew About Hostels - Hostelworld
































































































Menu

Blog Home

Destinations


London

Amsterdam

Barcelona

Berlin

Paris

Prague

Dublin

Rome

Budapest

Madrid

All Cities

All Countries



Hostel Life


In Da Hostel with 50 Cent

Hostel Tips

Hostel of the Week



Budget Backpacking


Budget Tips



Your Stories


Your Photos

Global Degree

Blogs of the Week



Discover


Inspire Me

Nightlife

Food & Drink

Videos

Things to Do




















WORLD EXCLUSIVE: 14 Incredible Things You Never Knew About Hostels





November 4, 2016






Danielle Saunders




6




Hostel Tips
,
Inspire Me






























WORLD EXCLUSIVE: 14 Incredible Things You Never Knew About Hostels





November 4, 2016






Danielle Saunders




6




Hostel Tips
,
Inspire Me







Did you know that hostels exist in some of the most heart-meltingly beautiful locations on the planet?! Maybe you aren’t aware that you can wake up in a private beachfront room on a private Island for €8/night? Have you ever tried the free beach yoga in Miami or flamenco lessons in Seville? If the answer is no, then hold onto your backpacks because you’re in for some hostel revelations and exaltations!

1. Your Backyard Can Look Like PARADISE

It’s totally possible to live the dream by waking up to the Pacific horizon, taking a morning dip in your hostel’s pool before hiking in your hostel’s own private jungle! Or maybe you fancy eating breakfast on a private beach, followed by a day of scuba diving in the Great Barrier Reef? Well, you can get down with the marine life every day in hostels where the ocean is your playground. Tropical havens like
Bambuda Lodge
and
Base Magnetic Island
are extraordinary, and won’t break the budget.


2. There Ain’t No Party Like A Hostel Party

From pool parties at
Freehand Miami
to subterranean raves in the uber trendy
Generator Berlin Mitte
, hostels are where those outrageous travel stories are made! Seriously, these hostel peeps – often travellers and locals –  know how to throw one helluva fiesta. You know you’ve hit the big time when your hostel has a permanent happy hour and its own mixology bar…


3. Hostels Can Soothe Your Mind, Body And Soul

Boosting those endorphins and keeping your Yin and Yang balanced on the road is key for a chilled, happy traveller. Many hostels are dedicated to wellness and offer free classes and healthy meals, such as
Casa Zen
in Costa Rica. Here you have cardio & yoga classes, surf lessons, and blenders in the communal kitchen to whizz up your own health potion. Living the travel dream and staying healthy for £11/$16/€14 per night ‘aint bad!




USA Hostels Ocean Beach
(San Diego, USA)

4. Hostels Have Private Rooms And They Are Fancy AF

Everyone, prepare yourself for the rise of the privates! In this hostel nu-age, you can stay in hotel-quality rooms for microscopic prices, with the added bonus of the social vibes that hostels offer. Private bathrooms, terraces and even penthouses are pioneering the hostel revolution!


Casa Gracia Barcelona Hostel



5. Hostel Dorms Can Be B.O.M.B

These shared spaces have majorly evolved, my friends. Think privacy curtains, your own plug and reading light and mounds of SPACE. Female only dorms are common now and joints like
Casa Kessler
can banish those urban dorm myths. Just. Look. At. That. Ceiling!


Soul Kitchen
(St Petersburg, Russia)

6. There Is Limitless FUN

Nbd, just having a wild time with my new pals in my hostel’s BALL PIT! Nowadays hostels are not just a place to get some shut eye – they are entertainment powerhouses. Cinemas, climbing walls, skate ramps, in-house breweries…! Warning – too much fun is exhausting!


Livingstone Backpackers
(Zambia)

7. You Can Look F.R.E.S.H

Need a moustache trim? A new tatt? An aromatherapy massage? If that’s a hell yeah, then there’s no need to leave your poshtel premises – sorry, hostel! Take a seat in
Kex Hostel
’s barber chair, get some artwork at the vintage tattoo bar in
Urban House
or steam away in the hostel spa at
Equity Point
. I repeat, HOSTEL SPA.


Sunset Destination Hostel
(Lisbon)

8. You Can Sleep In Some Weird-Ass Places

Have you ever slept in an 18th century cave in Greece? An Arab mansion in Nazareth? A Turkish Tree house? A COCKPIT?! Well, for hostel prices you can tick them all off! Often these hostels are family or backpacker run, so you’ll get incredible hospitality, local food, and insider tips. Could this BE any more “Meet The World”?!


Jumbo Stay
(Stockholm)

9. The Food Is SO Cheap And SO Good

Believe us when we say that hostel meal times can be a trip highlight! Yes, we love a jazzy hostel café but if you look hard enough you’ll find some special hostels that have delicious free food and dinner parties on the reg. The staff at the lovely
Lavender Circus
in Budapest organise Hungarian dinner parties so you can bond with other travellers over a Hungarian pálinka and
Soul Kitchen’s
(below) ethos is all about food and drink made with love. A Russian chef regularly visits to cook traditional 3 course dinners, and the cleaner makes apple pie every morning. Travellers, this is a local as it gets!


10. You Can Immerse Yourself In Nature

Nothing gives your weary travel soul more of a boost than a shot of Mother Nature! Many of our hostels are hidden amongst the wonders of the universe, and their locations will make you feel like you’ve hit the jackpot. Feel the magic of its healing vibes with star-gazing in Scotland, hiking in the Malaysian jungle or chilling in a giant hammock facing the Sierra Nevada Mountains. Mmmmm….we can smell the jungle dew from here….


Skyewalker Hoste
l (Isle of Skye, Scotland)

11. And Discover Cutting Edge Art & Design

Many hostels are canvases for local artists and are designed to exquisite levels. Take
Wallyard Concept Hostel
for example, with its edgy hipster vibes and art saloon or
Living Lounge Hostel
, run and decorated by four Portuguese artists. There is nothing “chain hotel” about these bohemian gems, and if you have a talent, some hostels even offer an art exchange!


Living Lounge Hostel
(Lisbon)



12. T
he Bathrooms Are SO Luxurious

Because nothing seals the deal like a pimpin’ bathroom, amirite?! If you’re looking to crank up that luxury switch, saunas, pampering zones and Jacuzzi sessions can be a part of your daily routine. Tony Montana has nothing on these!


Casa Kessler
(Barcelona)

13. You Can Lose Yourself In The Hostel Library

Bibliophiles, this one is for you! For some, a cosy armchair and a shelf stocked with the weird and the wonderful is a home away from home. If reading ‘aint your thang, let’s face it, taking some cherished “me” time to skype home or meditate is essential for a traveller’s sanity 😉


Generator Berlin Mitte

14. There Are Hammocks & Cushions EVERYWHERE

Seriously, hostels have a fetish for these things. Social spaces are often pimped out with mood lighting and colossal comfy things to ensure that you can keep it chill after a long day’s adventuring. There are some lounges dedicated to hangovers! Hostels just…GET us 😀


Selina Hostels Bocas Del Toro
(Panama)



Want to learn more about the modern hostel experience and how you can meet new people on the road? Check out the video below!


Share The World!
/blog/14-hostel-secrets-will-change-travels-forever/
Follow






About The Author



Danielle Saunders





Get inspired








11 Fun & Easy Ways To Meet People While Travelling Solo










39 Essential Tips For Staying Healthy And Happy While Travelling










99 Unusual Hostels You’ll Never Want To Leave





6 Responses to “WORLD EXCLUSIVE: 14 Incredible Things You Never Knew About Hostels”










Daniela


May 14, 2016
9:12 pm

Reply


Koala













V. Deak


June 24, 2016
9:25 am

Reply


What? Really? You didn’t mention Shantee House in Budapest:
http://www.hostelworld.com/hosteldetails.php/Backpack-Guesthouse-Shantee-House/Budapest/13903
? Where you can sleep in a yurt as well? 😀













Danielle Saunders


December 29, 2016
11:56 am

Reply


That’s a good shout V! It was actually our Hostel of the Week a few months ago, after this article was written. A yurt is always a bonus!















places of attraction in Singapore


January 1, 2017
5:17 pm

Reply


Si vous n’êtes pas encore expérimenté, jouez aux enjeux plus faibles au début.













Keith Carreon


January 11, 2017
10:15 am

Reply


These are some awesome accommodations. I could be comfortable and excited if I were to stay in any of the hostels mentioned in this post.













Danielle Saunders


January 16, 2017
4:13 pm

Reply


Glad to be of service Keith!















Leave a Reply
Cancel reply


Your email address will not be published.
Required fields are marked
*
Comment

Name
*


Email
*


Website















Search












Get inspired








11 Fun & Easy Ways To Meet People While Travelling Solo










39 Essential Tips For Staying Healthy And Happy While Travelling










99 Unusual Hostels You’ll Never Want To Leave











Hostelworld Mobile Apps

Book on the go with the new Hostelworld mobile apps.









Search and book more than 33,000 properties in over 170 countries, from anywhere.







About the Blog

Our aim with this travel blog is to feed and water your wanderlust. Here we share our best travel tips with the help of our favourite travel writers; such as where to find those authentic, soul-filled places, and the hottest hostels to stay in while you’re at it. We’ll give you a sneak peek into hostel life, solo travel and the friend filled adventures you can have on the road! Read on if you’re ready to be inspired to #MeetTheWorld BEYOND the tourist brochure!






Top

Pop

New














Where Is The Best Night Out In The World?




November 30, 2017













The Essential Guide to Popular Budget Airline Carry On Rules




November 22, 2017













Amazing Winter Sun Destinations That Won’t Blow Your Budget




November 22, 2017













Your Ultimate Guide To Where To Stay In LA




November 14, 2017















Warning: Solo Travel Makes You Undateable




December 7, 2016













63 Bucket List Ideas For The Ultimate Backpacker




December 13, 2016













15 Gay-Friendly Cities That LGBT Travellers Love!




July 27, 2017













The 50 Weirdest Foods From Around the World




August 21, 2014















Where Is The Best Night Out In The World?




November 30, 2017













11 Awesome Things To Do in Soho For Backpackers




November 30, 2017













Best Day Trips From London You Can Reach in Under 3 Hours




November 27, 2017













The Best Ski Hostels In Europe (From £8 A Night!)




November 23, 2017








Language




English

Français

Deutsch

Italiano

Español

Português - Brazil

中文







Recent Comments
Giulia Salerno
on
The Essential Guide to Popular Budget Airline Carry On Rules
Viktoria Troescher
on
12 Reasons Why You Should Volunteer Abroad
Viktoria Troescher
on
12 Reasons Why You Should Volunteer Abroad
El
on
The Essential Guide to Popular Budget Airline Carry On Rules
Bronwyn Griffiths
on
28 Up-And-Coming Travel Instagrammers You Need To Follow










































2017 Hostelworld Blog
©












































