
Hostelworld.com - Secure Online Bookings at Hostels Worldwide






















































Hostelworld.com

































Location


To view prices and availability, please enter a location.







Check In


To view prices and availability, please enter a check-in date.



Check Out


To view prices and availability, please enter a check-out date.



Guests


1 Guest

2 Guests

3 Guests

4 Guests

5 Guests

6 Guests

7 Guests

8 Guests

9 Guests

10 Guests

11 Guests

12 Guests

13 Guests

14 Guests

15 Guests

16 Guests

17 Guests

18 Guests

19 Guests

20 Guests

21 Guests

22 Guests

23 Guests

24 Guests

25 Guests

26 Guests

27 Guests

28 Guests

29 Guests

30 Guests

31 Guests

32 Guests

33 Guests

34 Guests

35 Guests

36 Guests

37 Guests

38 Guests

39 Guests

40 Guests

41 Guests

42 Guests

43 Guests

44 Guests

45 Guests

46 Guests

47 Guests

48 Guests

49 Guests

50 Guests

51 Guests

52 Guests

53 Guests

54 Guests

55 Guests

56 Guests

57 Guests

58 Guests

59 Guests

60 Guests

61 Guests

62 Guests

63 Guests

64 Guests

65 Guests

66 Guests

67 Guests

68 Guests

69 Guests

70 Guests

71 Guests

72 Guests

73 Guests

74 Guests

75 Guests

76 Guests

77 Guests

78 Guests

79 Guests

80 Guests





Group Type


Group Type

Holiday with Friends

Junior/Primary School

High/Secondary School

College/University

Business Trip

Stag / Hen / Bachelor Party

Sports Group

Cultural Group


You must choose a group type.


Age Ranges




0-12




12-18




18-21




21-35




35-50




50+



You must choose an age range.



Search













Group of 15 or more?

Contact our Group Travel team directly for a tailor made solution for your group

Enquire Now




















Home

Terms and conditions








Terms and Conditions

These are the terms and conditions that govern all bookings made through our booking services, whether through our websites, mobile websites, mobile applications or our booking engine, which is integrated into third party websites (collectively the "
Hostelworld Sites
").

All references to "We", "Us" or "Our" in these terms refer to Hostelworld.com Limited ("
Hostelworld
"), the operator of the Hostelworld Sites. Your use of the Hostelworld Sites and any bookings you make via the Hostelworld Sites are subject to these terms and conditions (the "
Terms
"), but please note that where you access our booking engine on a third party website these Terms only apply to your use of the booking engine, and do not apply to any other use of that third party website.

You agree to use the Hostelworld Sites in accordance with and subject to these Terms. If you do not accept these Terms, please do not use the Hostelworld Sites and do not make a booking via the Hostelworld Sites.

About Us

For more information about Hostelworld, please see the About Us section of the Hostelworld website
here
. If you would like to contact us in relation to your use of the Hostelworld Sites, or in connection with a booking of travel services, please email us at customerservice@hostelworld.com.

1. Bookings

1.1 We facilitate the processing and booking of accommodation and other travel services (the "
travel services
"). We do not provide, own or run any travel services ourselves and in particular we do not provide, own or run any accommodation.

1.2 You confirm that you are of sufficient age to use the Hostelworld Sites lawfully, enter into a contract and to create binding legal obligations for any liability you may incur as a result of the use of the Hostelworld Sites. You understand that you are financially responsible for all uses of the Hostelworld Sites by you and those using your log-in information.

1.3 When you make a booking using the Hostelworld Sites, you agree to enter into a contract for travel services and your contract for travel services (including accommodation) is with the travel services provider, not Hostelworld, as we are only acting as agent for the travel services provider. It is the travel services provider's responsibility to provide you with the travel services. We are not responsible for the fulfilment of any booking made through the Hostelworld Sites or for the quality of any accommodation or any other travel services that are booked.

1.4 Please note that all bookings are subject to the booking conditions displayed to you prior to you confirming your booking (the “
Booking Conditions
”).

2. Making and Cancelling a Booking

2.1 On making a booking, you will be required to pay a non-refundable deposit (being a part payment towards the total value of your booking) which will always be non-refundable unless the Standard Flexible Booking option is available and you choose to select it, in which case the deposit will be credited back to your account if you cancel your booking in certain circumstances (see below for more details). We collect this deposit for and on behalf of the relevant travel services provider.

You may also be required to pay a flat booking fee, which is our fee for making the booking. Where we charge a booking fee, it is non-refundable in all circumstances.

Save as set out in the Booking Conditions, or the travel service provider’s terms and conditions, you will be responsible to the travel services provider on arrival for payment of the balance of the cost of the booking made by you, together with any other payments for any additional services subsequently agreed with the travel services provider and, where applicable, payment of the travel services provider's service charges and taxes, pursuant to the terms and conditions of trade applied by such travel services provider.

2.2 You must use a credit card or debit card to guarantee a booking. By making a booking with your credit card or debit card, you agree to accept the relevant cancellation and no-show policy of the travel services provider as set out in its terms and conditions. In the event that you cancel your booking outside the permitted timeframe specified in the travel service provider’s terms and conditions (or you fail to arrive by your agreed check-in time), you authorise the travel services provider to charge to your credit card or debit card without further reference to you an amount not exceeding the charge for one night's stay (in the case of accommodation) or such other amount as may be set out in the travel service provider's terms and conditions.  Please note that there will be no additional charges for cancellations or no-shows in respect of Non-Refundable Bookings, but you will not be refunded the cost of any part of your booking in such circumstances.

2.3 Your non-arrival by the agreed check-in time may result in the cancellation of your entire booking. Any amendments to your booking must be notified to and agreed with the travel services provider directly (but no refund of all or any part of the deposit will be made). Please note it is not possible to amend Non-Refundable Bookings.  In making a booking, it shall be your responsibility to disclose to the travel services provider any requirements or special facilities that you or a member of your party may need as a result of any medical conditions.

2.4 When a booking is confirmed we will issue the booking confirmation on behalf of the travel services provider for each booking, but will not provide information about any charges for additional services.  We will endeavour to ensure that the booking confirmation includes details of all taxes charged by the travel services provider, in relation to which please see clause 8.9 below. We strongly recommend you check and confirm with the travel services provider the precise terms and conditions upon which the travel services provider makes the reserved service available to you upon receipt of the booking confirmation. The reference numbers included on the booking confirmation should be quoted in all enquiries, cancellation or modification of the booking.

2.5 You may cancel your booking in accordance with the cancellation policy of the provider as disclosed on the booking confirmation and detailed property description page; this is normally at least 24 hours before your agreed check-in date. Please cancel by accessing the cancellation function available on the Hostelworld Sites.

2.6 If you choose the Standard Flexible Booking option when making your booking (where it is available) you will be charged a small fee and, in return, if you later decide to cancel your booking, your deposit will be credited back to your Hostelworld account in US Dollars (provided you have given the period of notice required by the travel services provider, for which please see its terms) and you will be able to re-use that credit amount for future bookings on our site for a period of 6 months on and from the cancellation date. Where you originally paid your deposit in a currency other than US Dollars, we will convert the booking deposit amount into US Dollars using Hostelworld’s standard exchange rates for the purpose of crediting it to your Hostelworld account.  Your booking fee is non-refundable.

2.7 If your booking is not a Non-Refundable Booking, and you selected neither the Standard Flexible Booking option nor the Non-Flexible Booking option, or the Standard Flexible Booking option is not available, your booking will automatically be deemed a Non-Flexible Booking.

2.8 If you make a Non-Flexible Booking and you cancel your booking then, regardless of how much notice you give, deposits and booking fees will be non-refundable. Non-flexible booking customers should note that, even though your deposit and booking fee will be non-refundable in any event, you must give the amount of notice stipulated by the travel services provider in its cancellation policy, in order to avoid being charged an additional payment for a "no show" (see clause 2.2 above).

2.9 Where you select Standard Flexible Booking (where it is available) for your booking, the following provisions will apply:

(a) Your deposit will only be credited back where:

(i) you have given the amount of notice for your cancellation that is required by the travel services provider in its Terms and Conditions and, in any event, you have given no less than 24 hours' notice prior to the scheduled check-in date;

(ii) you have processed your cancellation online through the cancellation function available on the Hostelworld Sites; and

(iii) you have cancelled your full booking (partial cancellations, such as cancellations of 1 night of a 2-night stay, are not protected by cancellation protection).

(b) Your cancellation credit will be applied to the account which is linked in our records to the email address that was used to process the initial booking. Credit cannot be applied to an account that does not relate to the booking email address.

(c) Cancellation credit must be used within 6 months of the cancellation date, after which it is forfeited. Credit will not be applied to your account in respect of cancellations made by telephone or email.

(d) In order to use your cancellation credit, simply go to Hostelworld.com and make a booking using the same email address. Your credit will be automatically applied to your booking once you confirm the reservation.

(e) Credit may only be used once. Where you cancel any subsequent bookings, you must have selected the Standard Flexible Booking option for those bookings in order for your deposit(s) to be protected and credited back to your account.

(f) Cancellation credit only applies to deposits for accommodation bookings; it cannot be used in respect of other charges levied via the Hostelworld Sites - e.g. booking fees or other purchases.

(g) In the event of a no-show without cancellation (or where insufficient notice is given of a cancellation in accordance with these and/or the travel services provider's terms and conditions) all deposits, including deposits paid through the Standard Flexible Booking option, will be non-refundable and the travel services provider will have the right to charge your credit card on the basis set out in clause 2.2. (above).

2.10 The deposit and the booking fee that you pay will be payable in the currency that you select as your "settlement currency" when making your booking. Where the accommodation price was uploaded by the travel services provider in a different currency, the deposit amount that you will be charged in your settlement currency will be calculated by converting the deposit price into your settlement currency using Hostelworld’s standard exchange rates.

3. Liability and Disclaimers

3.1 In the event of a problem arising with your accommodation or other travel services, you should contact the travel services provider. If you have a problem with the booking that you have made via the Hostelworld Sites please contact us directly via customerservice@hostelworld.com.

3.2 We are acting solely as agent on behalf of the travel service provider and, as such, we are not a party to the contract between you and the travel services provider for the provision of travel services (including accommodation) and we have no responsibility or liability to you in respect of the terms of that contract. For example, we are not responsible for:

(a) the accuracy or completeness of the descriptions of accommodation and other travel services
(including rates, availability and ratings)
that are displayed on the Hostelworld Sites, or the quality or fitness for purpose of the accommodation and other travel services that are or may be booked through the Hostelworld Sites;

(b) the fulfilment of a booking made through the Hostelworld Sites, including any acts or omissions of travel services providers, any cancellation of a booking by a travel services provider for any reason whatsoever or any failure to provide all or any part of the booked service by that provider; or

(c) any error or failure in the making or recording of a booking which is due to any circumstances that are outside our control (such as a power failure).

3.3 Neither we nor any of our directors, employees, affiliates or other representatives will be liable to you (or any member of your corporate group, your affiliates or any other person or party who has an interest in the booking) for: (i) indirect, punitive, special or consequential loss or damages, (ii) loss of data, income, profits, business, opportunity, reputation, goodwill or (iii) loss of or damage to property, in each case arising out of or in connection with the use of any information, products, services, facilities and/or the materials offered through the Hostelworld Sites, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such loss or damage, or such loss or damages were reasonably foreseeable.

3.4 Our maximum aggregate liability to you (and any other party that has an interest in the booking) in relation to any booking made through us (whether in contract, tort or otherwise) shall be limited solely to the value of the booking fee that has been paid for that booking. Prior to making a booking, you should ensure that you have reviewed the travel services provider's terms and conditions and that they are acceptable to you.

3.5 We have not visited all the accommodation listed on the Hostelworld Sites and we do not carry out routine checks of the accommodation. The listing of any travel services (including accommodation) on the Hostelworld Sites is not and should not be taken as a specific recommendation from us or a representation that the travel services will be suitable for your purpose or that the travel services will be of any particular quality.

3.6 Save as otherwise set out in these Terms, and to the greatest extent permitted by applicable law, all representations, warranties and conditions, including those implied by statute or otherwise, are hereby excluded, including without limitation representations, warranties or undertakings about any of the services, facilities, information and/or materials on the Hostelworld Sites, including without limitation, their accuracy, their completeness or their merchantability, quality or fitness for a particular purpose. The Hostelworld Sites are provided strictly on an "as is" basis and, in particular, we do not warrant that the information published on the Hostelworld Sites will be error-free or that the Hostelworld Sites will be virus or bug-free.

3.7 Nothing in these Terms shall operate to exclude or limit liability arising out of: (i) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or (ii) death or personal injury.

4. Credit and Debit Card Security

4.1 We make reasonable efforts to ensure that all credit card and debit card transactions carried out via the Hostelworld Sites are secure. HOWEVER, if unauthorised charges appear on your credit card or debit card statement for any card used on the Hostelworld Sites at any time during or after you make your booking, conduct your transaction or disclose your card details on the Hostelworld Sites, Hostelworld shall not be liable or responsible in any way in respect of any damage or loss of whatsoever nature suffered by you arising from or in any way connected with said use, transaction or disclosure, save where such unauthorised charges appear as a direct result of our negligence and subject to any statutory rights which you may have.

5. Intellectual Property Rights and Web-links

5.1 The information, content, software, graphics, text, sounds, images, buttons, trademarks, service marks, trade names and logos ("
Materials
") contained in the Hostelworld Sites are protected by copyright, trade marks, database rights, and any other intellectual property rights. The parties hereby agree that we or our licensors (as the case may be) retain all right, title, interest and intellectual property rights in and to the Materials. We grant you a limited, revocable, non-transferable, non-sublicenseable, license to use the Hostelworld Sites for your personal non-commercial purposes to access the Hostelworld Sites and make bookings in accordance with these Terms (the "
Limited Licence
"). Save in respect of exercising your Limited Licence, you may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell any Materials. Other than the Limited Licence, nothing in these Terms shall be construed as transferring or granting (by implication or otherwise) to you any licence or right in or to the Materials.

5.2 The Hostelworld Sites may contain hyperlinks to websites operated by parties other than us. Such hyperlinks are provided for your reference only. We do not control such websites and are not responsible for their contents. The inclusion of hyperlinks on the Hostelworld Sites to such other websites does not imply any endorsement of the material on such websites or any association with their operators.

5.3 The Hostelworld Sites are made available for personal use. You may not copy, monitor, screen-scrape, spider, deep-link or reproduce any content, information or software displayed on the Hostelworld Sites for any commercial or competitive purpose.

6. User Generated Content

6.1 Certain parts of the Hostelworld Sites may allow you or third parties to
post content, reviews, messages, photos, materials or other items (these being
"
User Generated Content Features
"). You are solely responsible for your
use of such User Generated Content Features and use them at your own risk. By
using any User Generated Content Features, you expressly agree not to post,
upload to, transmit, distribute, store, create or otherwise publish through the
Hostelworld Sites any of the following:

(a) Any message, data, information, text, music, sound, photos, graphics,
code or other material ("
Content
") that is unlawful, libelous,
defamatory, obscene, pornographic, indecent, lewd, offensive, harassing,
threatening, abusive, inflammatory, fraudulent, invasive of privacy or
publicity rights or otherwise objectionable or inappropriate;

(b) Content that may infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright
or other intellectual or proprietary right of any party;

(c) Content that impersonates any person or entity or otherwise
misrepresents your affiliation with a person or entity;

(d) Content that may infringe a third party's privacy or data protection
rights;

(e) Viruses, corrupted data or other harmful, disruptive or destructive
files; or

(f) Content that, in our sole judgment, is objectionable or which restricts
or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Hostelworld Sites, or
which may expose us or our users to any harm or liability of any type.

6.2 We accept no responsibility and are not liable for any Content of any
kind that is posted, stored or uploaded by you or any third party on the Hostelworld
Sites, or for any loss or damage caused as a result thereof. As a provider of
interactive services, we are not liable for any statements, representations or
Content provided by users of the User Generated Content Features or other
public forum. Although we have no obligation to screen, edit or monitor any of
the Content posted to or distributed through the User Generated Content
Features, we reserve the right, and have absolute discretion, to remove, screen
or edit without notice any Content posted or stored on the Hostelworld Sites at
any time and for any reason, and you are solely responsible for creating backup
copies of and replacing any Content you post or store on the Hostelworld Sites
at your sole cost and expense.

6.3 Any use of the User Generated Content Features or other portions of the
Hostelworld Sites otherwise than in accordance with these Terms may result in,
among other things, termination or suspension of your access to the User
Generated Content Features and/or the Hostelworld Sites. In order to comply
with an order of a court of competent jurisdiction or to protect our systems or
users of the Hostelworld Sites, we may process and disclose any information
held by us in relation to a user of the Hostelworld Sites who posts or uploads
inappropriate or objectionable Content including, without limitation, their
name, email address, IP address, usage history, and posted Content.

6.4 By posting or distributing Content to or through the Hostelworld Sites,
unless we indicate otherwise, you:

(a) grant us a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, transferable, irrevocable
and fully sub-licensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, translate,
distribute, publish, create derivative works from and publicly display and
perform such Content throughout the world in any media whatsoever;

(b) represent and warrant that the Content that you post or otherwise
distribute (i) complies with these Terms; (ii) is accurate and not misleading;
and (iii) shall not expose us to any civil or criminal liability or otherwise
materially adversely affect our business or reputation.

7. Reviews

7.1 You may be asked to review the travel services that you have received.
We appreciate all feedback, but please note that the travel services provider
in question will have access to your review so that they can act on your
feedback and make any necessary improvements. The travel services providers
will have your contact details and may contact you to ask further questions
about your experiences in order to help them to make further improvements.

8. General

8.1 These Terms are drafted in the English language. If these
Terms are translated into any other language, the English language version
shall prevail

8.2 Our failure to enforce at any time or for any period any one or more of
the Terms shall not be construed as a waiver of them or the rights attaching to
any of them.

8.3 The Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Hostelworld in
relation to the subject matter of these Terms and supersedes any previous
agreements or representations between the parties relating to the subject
matter of this Agreement.

8.4 We reserve the right to change these Terms as well as the contents of the
Hostelworld Sites for any reason and without liability to you, any other user
or any third party. This right shall not affect the Terms accepted by you upon
making a legitimate booking or purchase using the Hostelworld Sites. You should
check these Terms for any changes each time you access the Hostelworld Sites.

8.5 These Terms and your use of the Hostelworld Sites are governed by the
laws of Ireland. You hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Irish
courts in all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of the Hostelworld
Sites each time you access the Hostelworld Sites. Use of the Hostelworld Sites
is not authorised in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions
of these Terms including, without limitation, this clause.

8.6 Our performance of these Terms is subject to existing laws and legal
process and nothing contained in this agreement is in derogation of our right
to comply with law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of
the Hostelworld Sites or information provided to or gathered by us with respect
to such use.

8.7 If any part of these Terms is determined to be invalid or unenforceable,
then the invalid or unenforceable provision shall be deemed to be superseded by
any such valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of
the original provision and the remainder of these Terms shall continue in
effect.

8.8 Although we cannot monitor the conduct of our users offsite, it shall be
a breach of these Terms to use any information obtained from the Hostelworld Sites
in order to harass, abuse or harm other persons, or in order to contact,
advertise to, solicit or sell to any user or person without their prior express
consent.

8.9 While our terms require that travel services providers display prices
which are inclusive of all value added and other additional taxes, the price
displayed is ultimately the responsibility of the travel services provider
rather than ours. You acknowledge that we shall not have liability to you in
respect of any attempt by travel services provider to levy additional value
added or other taxes on you at the point of payment as a supplement to the
price displayed and your sole recourse in this regard will be against the
travel services provider.

9. Privacy Policy

9.1 Full details of our privacy policy can be found
here
, which is hereby incorporated into and
forms part of these Terms.

10. Online Dispute Resolution

10.1 The European Commission Online Dispute Resolution Platform is available
at the following link
here
. Please note that we do not currently engage in alternative dispute resolution in connection with
customer complaints.








Hostelworld Mobile Apps

Book on the go with the new Hostelworld mobile apps.



Search and book more than 33,000 properties in over 170 countries, from anywhere.







Newsletter Sign Up






Please enter a valid First Name.




An email address is required.




Go!






Thank you for signing up to our newsletter!



Sign up for our newsletter to get the best hostel deals and news sent straight to your inbox. You can unsubscribe at any time.







Accommodation


Hostels

Hotels

Bed and Breakfasts




Quick Links


Blog

Group Bookings

Booking Guarantee

Hostel Awards

Flights

Travel Insurance




About Us


Hostelworld Group PLC

Press

Careers

Hostel Sign Up

Affiliate Program




Find Us On


Hostelworld Facebook

Twitter

Hostelworld on Google+

YouTube

Hostelworld Instagram

Hostelworld on Flickr

Hostelworld on StumbleUpon








© 1999–2017 Hostelworld.com Limited


Security & Privacy
|
Terms & Legal
|
Website Testing
|
Site Map




Help

|

Feedback




















Back to top







We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our site. By continuing to browse our site you are agreeing to our
Cookies Policy
and use of cookies technology.
Find out more »







Home

Bookings

Reviews

Account

Logout

Sign In / Create Account

Language







English
Deutsch
Français
Italiano
Español
Português
Português (Brasil)
Svenska
Polski
suomi
Dansk
Nederlands
Norsk
český
Русский
Türk
日本語
한국어
中文





Currency



EUR

GBP

USD

——

AED

ALL

AMD

ARS

AUD

AZN

BDT

BHD

BND

BOB

BRL

BSD

BZD

CAD

CHF

CLP

CNY

COP

CRC

CUC

CZK

DJF

DKK

DOP

DZD

EGP

EUR

FJD

GBP

HKD

HNL

HRK

HUF

IDR

ILS

INR

IRR

ISK

JOD

JPY

KES

KGS

KHR

KMF

KRW

KWD

KZT

LAK

LBP

LKR

MAD

MNT

MRO

MUR

MXN

MYR

NAD

NIO

NOK

NPR

NZD

OMR

PEN

PGK

PHP

PKR

PLN

PYG

QAR

RON

RUB

RWF

SAR

SEK

SGD

SOS

SZL

THB

TND

TOP

TRY

TTD

TWD

TZS

UAH

UGX

USD

UYU

VEF

VND

VUV

WST

XAF

XCD

XOF

XPF

ZAR



Accommodation

Hostels

Hotels

Bed and Breakfasts

Explore Hostelworld

Blog

Group Bookings

Booking Guarantee

Hostel Awards

Help

Help

Feedback

Work With Us

Hostel Sign Up

Affiliate Program



















Session Expired

Please enter the password for the account
<% email %>









Password




Skip & Continue

Login



Forgot password?




×






















