

Solo Travel: Top Tips And Best Places To Travel Alone - Hostelworld


















































































Menu

Blog Home

Destinations


London

Amsterdam

Barcelona

Berlin

Paris

Prague

Dublin

Rome

Budapest

Madrid

All Cities

All Countries



Hostel Life


In Da Hostel with 50 Cent

Hostel Tips

Hostel of the Week



Budget Backpacking


Budget Tips



Your Stories


Your Photos

Global Degree

Blogs of the Week



Discover


Inspire Me

Nightlife

Food & Drink

Videos

Things to Do




















Solo Travel

Addictive. Life altering. Intense. Liberating. Solo travel is hard to explain with words alone.

For first timers, the idea of travelling alone can seem quite daunting. Will I be lonely? Will I be safe? What’s the best place to travel solo? Can I do it without joining a solo travel tour? It requires a lot of courage to set off on your first solo trip, but once you’ve taken that leap, you’ll never look back. It will change who you are as a person, and your travels will never be the same again.

In this section you’ll find everything you could possibly need to help you travel solo: from the best solo travel destinations to solo travel tips and advice from our amazing community of backpackers across the globe. Got a question? Tweet us @hostelworld or tag us on Instagram.

🌎🎒✈️



















Planning A Solo Trip? We Need To Talk About Loneliness

You expected a lot from your first solo trip.  A suntan. Obviously. Getting to know the world a little better. Making new friends. An epic Instagram account.



July 19, 2017












Solo Female Travel In Europe: Your Gateway To A Life More Adventurous

Girls, Let’s travel the world!?✈️? Solo female travel is on the rise, and women around the globe are discovering how liberating, empowering and exciting it can be to venture into t



April 19, 2017












11 Fun & Easy Ways To Meet People While Travelling Solo

Want to know how to meet people while travelling alone? Well, it’s easier than you think, and no, you don’t need to be a social butterfly.



April 6, 2017














Why Solo Female Travel In Mexico Isn’t As Crazy As It Sounds

“You’re going on your own?? Are you crazy?” When I announced that I would be taking my first ever solo trip this year, my friends and family were concerned.



March 20, 2017












10 Tips For Travelling Alone That Will Transform Your Travels

Solo travel is a skill, and one I’m constantly honing in order to get the very best out of my experiences abroad.



March 15, 2017












39 Essential Tips For Staying Healthy And Happy While Travelling

Travelling is medicine for the soul, but as anyone who’s caught the wanderlust bug knows, it’s not always glamorous.



March 15, 2017














Solo Travel to Iran – Hitchhiking, Tinder and a 30-Day Marriage

True love lets nothing stand in its way. It transcends national boundaries, diplomatic animosities and cyber tyranny to bring two hearts together.



March 13, 2017












How To Do Solo Female Travel In India Like A BOSS!

The thought of travelling India alone can seem scary at first.



February 24, 2017












55 Genius Travel Hacks For When You’re Broke AF

Often find yourself scrolling through your social feed, daydreaming about faraway lands, inspiring photography and life-changing adventure? Then you wake up and check your bank bal



February 17, 2017














I Love You, But Travel Is My Soulmate – An Open Letter

Dear Loved Ones: an open letter to those we leave behind…
When I told you I was leaving, I didn’t know where I was heading. I just knew I had to go.



February 10, 2017







1

2

3










Hostelworld Mobile Apps

Book on the go with the new Hostelworld mobile apps.









Search and book more than 33,000 properties in over 170 countries, from anywhere.







About the Blog

Our aim with this travel blog is to feed and water your wanderlust. Here we share our best travel tips with the help of our favourite travel writers; such as where to find those authentic, soul-filled places, and the hottest hostels to stay in while you’re at it. We’ll give you a sneak peek into hostel life, solo travel and the friend filled adventures you can have on the road! Read on if you’re ready to be inspired to #MeetTheWorld BEYOND the tourist brochure!






Top

Pop

New














Where Is The Best Night Out In The World?




November 30, 2017













The Essential Guide to Popular Budget Airline Carry On Rules




November 22, 2017













Amazing Winter Sun Destinations That Won’t Blow Your Budget




November 22, 2017













Your Ultimate Guide To Where To Stay In LA




November 14, 2017















Warning: Solo Travel Makes You Undateable




December 7, 2016













63 Bucket List Ideas For The Ultimate Backpacker




December 13, 2016













15 Gay-Friendly Cities That LGBT Travellers Love!




July 27, 2017













The 50 Weirdest Foods From Around the World




August 21, 2014















Where Is The Best Night Out In The World?




November 30, 2017













11 Awesome Things To Do in Soho For Backpackers




November 30, 2017













Best Day Trips From London You Can Reach in Under 3 Hours




November 27, 2017













The Best Ski Hostels In Europe (From £8 A Night!)




November 23, 2017








Language




English

Français

Deutsch

Italiano

Español

Português - Brazil

中文







Recent Comments
Annabel Usher
on
Is Morocco Safe? 10 Useful Things To Know Before You Go
Annabel Usher
on
Where Is The Best Night Out In The World?
Annabel Usher
on
Where Is The Best Night Out In The World?
Santiago Lozano
on
Where Is The Best Night Out In The World?
R S
on
What Is A Hostel? The Answer Will Change Your Travels Forever










































2017 Hostelworld Blog
©












































