

46 Wanderlust Tattoos For Anyone Obsessed With Travel - Hostelworld




































































































Menu

Blog Home

Destinations


London

Amsterdam

Barcelona

Berlin

Paris

Prague

Dublin

Rome

Budapest

Madrid

All Cities

All Countries



Hostel Life


In Da Hostel with 50 Cent

Hostel Tips

Hostel of the Week



Budget Backpacking


Budget Tips



Your Stories


Your Photos

Global Degree

Blogs of the Week



Discover


Inspire Me

Nightlife

Food & Drink

Videos

Things to Do




















46 Wanderlust Tattoos For Anyone Obsessed With Travel





January 20, 2017






Colin Rivera




2




Inspire Me
,
Travel Tattoos






























46 Wanderlust Tattoos For Anyone Obsessed With Travel





January 20, 2017






Colin Rivera




2




Inspire Me
,
Travel Tattoos







Travellers all over the world are constantly collecting passport stamps, soul-stirring stories and often, stunning wanderlust tattoos. Each one tells a story, a tale of adventure, inspiration and often, personal achievement. They’re badges of honour, proudly emblazoned on the bodies of those whose hearts are stirred by travel. We asked YOU for your real travel ink stories (and pics), and as always, you did not disappoint. Brace yourself for an inspiration overload!
#MeetMyInk

Here are 46 wanderlust tattoos for anyone obsessed with travel:

1. “The globe stands for Asia and the compass that ensure I will always know where my home is. The arrow stands for the jump into something new.”


?: Tanja Gremmelmaier – Germany

2. “I’ve always wanted a palm tree tattoo, but I’m glad I waited to get this done on my trip to Bali as it has given it even more meaning and reminds me of my time there.”


?:
Annina
– Finland

3. “My life goal is to travel as much as I can, as often as possible, and that’s pretty much what the tattoo means to me!”


?:
Vittoria
– Brazil

4. “I got this wanderlust tattoo before I went on a backpacking trip to South America for six months. I work in travel and I grew up with travelling – that’s why I got this quote on my ribs.”


?: Jana Shl – Germany

5. “I am a firm believer that tattoos should represent what you stand for and believe in. That is precisely the reason why I’ve tattooed the word ‘GO’ on my forearm. It’s a mantra, a moto, an inspiration – when life gets rough, when the day at work just doesn’t seem to be coming to an end. I try to remind myself I’m doing it for a reason: to be able to travel in the future, to have the luxury of experiencing a bunch of ‘firsts’ and to not take daily things for granted.”


?:
Pia
– Slovenia (Tattoo by @fertattoo)

6. “I lived abroad for over 10 years, but home is always where the heart is.”


?: Anmar Wilding – UK (Tattoo by Dolly at Black Sails, Brighton, UK)

7. “I made my tattoo on a trip in Thailand as is the Thai tradition, with bamboo. It is a Thai amulet that means luck and protection.”


?: Thais Espildora – Brazil

8. “I’ve got the coordinates of Hawaii as a tattoo because I spent two wonderful months there. So if I’m lost, please send me back!”


?: Judith Nora – Germany

9. “The latitude and longitude show where I come from, and the map shows where I’m going.”


?: Washington Rosthayni – Brazil

10. “I went on a contiki trip to Europe in 2013 and met my amazing friend/Australian soul sister Eden. I went to visit her in Australia a year later and we decided to mark our friendship for life with this tattoo! Since I live in Canada, it’s my sun when it’s her moon, so we drew this one up and got it tatted. Then of course, we went to the beach.”


?: Madison Baillie – Canada

11. “The world is about people and the moments you live with them.”


?: Maria Eduarda Lacerda – Brazil

12. “My heart is in the mountains and never being tied down, so I got ‘wild’ to symbolize who I am! The tree is the Colorado state tree.”


?: Vicky Petrauskas – USA

13. “Got my wanderlust tattoo compass done back in Latvia when I realised how much I want to go to places I’ve never been to.”


?: Victoria Zarecneva – Latvia


14. “Got it after having lived near the ocean (Australia & Spain) and learning how to surf”


?: Anneline Akkersdijk – Netherlands

15. “Tomorrow I’ll be going with a backpack all by myself to the Chapada Diamantina! Go, go!”


?: Maysa Santos – Brazil

16. “Wherever you go becomes a part of you somehow.” – Anita Desai


?: Martina Anliker – Switzerland

17. “I LOVE palm trees! This is my first tattoo and I got it in Sri Lanka from a French guy who was living in Thailand. Plus, I got it for free!”


?: Melina Trovatello – Germany

18. “My rose of the winds Daniele Duarte, who guides me to the most crazy and amusing ways of Brazil with our eternal friendship.”


?: Lucas Sorreano – Brazil

19. “Got this one done by Coen Mitchell in New Zealand during my working holiday adventure”


?: Julie Van Oosterwyck – Belgium

20. “’Not all those who wander are lost’ is my life phrase. Photo taken during the crossing of the Serra Fina Mountain, on top of Capim Amarelo.”


?: Gabriel Oliveira – Brazil

21. “I just had to have my itchy feet eternalized with a palm tree.”


?: Sandra de Groot

22. “’We travel, some of us forever, to seek other places, other lives, other souls.’ – Anais Nin


?: Carina Katharina – Germany

23. “I discovered a few years ago (since the age of 18 I have travelled without my parents) that I love travelling and ever since then, I prepare every year to discover a destination. It is amazing to learn about other cultures, including exploring my own country! I feel that my heart gains part of every place I have ever visited.”


?: Ana Carolina Dias – Brazil

24. “I’ve been to over 30 countries before the age 23. I worked for an airline in the States. Traveling has been a huge part of my life and has made me to who I am. I’m a more global thinker, more empathizing towards others, and it has made me more curious about other cultures. If I don’t get on a plane for couple of months, I start getting jittery! I know my love for travelling will never leave me, so that’s why I got a tattoo! (Pic taken on the beaches of Tamarindo in Costa Rica!)”


?: Olivia Dwan

25. “I’m the captain of my soul!”


?: Camila Fernanda

26. “After breaking my neck in New Zealand I had this tattooed with a Maori pattern (given to me on a kiwi river stone from my nurse) in the ‘P’ and ‘C’ to remind me how lucky I was.”


?: Kinging-It – UK (Full story here if you want to know more:
How I Broke My Neck)

27. “I won this in a competition haha! I decided to mark the places I liked the most and to register a year that was unforgettable.”


?: Luana Borges – Brazil

28. “A tattoo in the jungle of Thailand. A representation of an elephant for my best friend who passed away years ago, because an elephant never forgets.”


?: Ryan Mitchell

29. “After the ascent to Mt Rinjani (3726m) in Lombok, Bali, I got this tattoo with the outlines of the mountain with my two friends.”


?: Tina Specowius – Germany

30. “It represents all directions under the horizon, symbols of change and new paths.”


?: Thaís Machado – Brazil

31. “All it takes is a backpack to travel the world.”


?: Joe Nic-Smith

32. “Free hand wanderlust tattoo in a little hut on a beautiful island in Fiji.”


?: Tessa Jerman

33. “A reminder that, wherever my soul wants to be, my feet will take me. Travel is, and always will be, one of the most amazing, spiritual journeys we could ever experience. Much love to my fellow free spirited travellers.”


?: Toni-Lea Shin

34. “Quote means: ‘Travelling is the longing for life.’ by Kurt Tucholsky”


?: Silvana So – Germany

35. “This is my first wanderlust tattoo. I got it last Friday and I took this pic today!”


?: Tiago Wallace Barros

36. “I did a road trip with a camper/caravan in the western USA, and during a stopover in Las Vegas I got this tattoo.”


?: Joke Blankenstein. Germany

37. “She’s mine. Besides signifying my passion for travel, it marked a uni exchange and my graduation in fashion.”


?: Pamela Nardino – Brazil

38. “This stands for adventure, off-the-beaten-track. To experience things you can’t find in a brochure. It stands for my time in Spain when I volunteered as a juvenile tour guide, without even knowing the language and living with strangers, giving everything every day.”


?: Vanessa Wepunkt

39. “My little feet will take me to the most wonderful and enchanting places in this world!”


?: Simoni Celis – Brazil

40. “Adventure! The tree is a cedar and is standing for my Celtic birth date. The paper plane stands for serenity and freedom during adventures.”


?: Theresa Fuxjäger – Germany

41. “I had our ‘Kinging-It’ crown and a map of Bali tattooed on my shin on my 27th birthday in Bali to signify a new beginning. Kinging-It forevz. As cliché and straight forward as this tattoo is, it’s one of my favourites.”


?: Kinging-It – UK

42. “I got my wanderlust tattoo during my year abroad in Estonia. It reminds me every day how beautiful this year was and how much there is to see in the world.”


?: Jasmina Meyer



43. “Light house in Warnemünd.”


?: Käthy Nuarb – Germany

44. “To overcome the fear of my first trip alone and show me that I can go wherever I want.”


?: Thábita Ojana – Brazil

45.”My tattoo is a reminder to never stop seeing the world, no matter whether that’s in a faraway land, or an adventure in my own country.”


?:
Mari
– USA

46. “Every time I look at my tattoo, it reminds me to keep travelling, learning and following my dreams around the globe.”


?:
Eduardo
– Brazil

Thanks to everyone who submitted photos, and to the amazing
@thetraveltellers
for the banner image!

Why not pin this article for later? ?


Share The World!
/blog/wanderlust-tattoos-travel/
Follow






About The Author



Colin Rivera





Get inspired








The 26 Best Backpacker Hostels In Australia










16 Best Bars In Copenhagen That Won’t Break The Bank










Planning A Solo Trip? We Need To Talk About Loneliness





2 Responses to “46 Wanderlust Tattoos For Anyone Obsessed With Travel”










Katie - Round The World Magazine


January 28, 2017
8:16 pm

Reply


These are incredible, I am planning on getting a masterpiece on my back for my first ever tattoo of the moment we entered Death Valley and saw the most incredible landscape beyond an open road. Thanks for the inspiration.













kiaraa


September 27, 2017
7:08 am

Reply


Nice Idea and Amazing Tattoos. Now I am thinking to try something like this. Thanks for sharing with us Colin Rivera.













Leave a Reply
Cancel reply


Your email address will not be published.
Required fields are marked
*
Comment

Name
*


Email
*


Website















Search












Get inspired








The 26 Best Backpacker Hostels In Australia










16 Best Bars In Copenhagen That Won’t Break The Bank










Planning A Solo Trip? We Need To Talk About Loneliness











Hostelworld Mobile Apps

Book on the go with the new Hostelworld mobile apps.









Search and book more than 33,000 properties in over 170 countries, from anywhere.







About the Blog

Our aim with this travel blog is to feed and water your wanderlust. Here we share our best travel tips with the help of our favourite travel writers; such as where to find those authentic, soul-filled places, and the hottest hostels to stay in while you’re at it. We’ll give you a sneak peek into hostel life, solo travel and the friend filled adventures you can have on the road! Read on if you’re ready to be inspired to #MeetTheWorld BEYOND the tourist brochure!






Top

Pop

New














Where Is The Best Night Out In The World?




November 30, 2017













The Essential Guide to Popular Budget Airline Carry On Rules




November 22, 2017













Amazing Winter Sun Destinations That Won’t Blow Your Budget




November 22, 2017













Your Ultimate Guide To Where To Stay In LA




November 14, 2017















Warning: Solo Travel Makes You Undateable




December 7, 2016













63 Bucket List Ideas For The Ultimate Backpacker




December 13, 2016













15 Gay-Friendly Cities That LGBT Travellers Love!




July 27, 2017













The 50 Weirdest Foods From Around the World




August 21, 2014















Where Is The Best Night Out In The World?




November 30, 2017













11 Awesome Things To Do in Soho For Backpackers




November 30, 2017













Best Day Trips From London You Can Reach in Under 3 Hours




November 27, 2017













The Best Ski Hostels In Europe (From £8 A Night!)




November 23, 2017








Language




English

Français

Deutsch

Italiano

Español

Português - Brazil

中文







Recent Comments
Giulia Salerno
on
The Essential Guide to Popular Budget Airline Carry On Rules
Viktoria Troescher
on
12 Reasons Why You Should Volunteer Abroad
Viktoria Troescher
on
12 Reasons Why You Should Volunteer Abroad
El
on
The Essential Guide to Popular Budget Airline Carry On Rules
Bronwyn Griffiths
on
28 Up-And-Coming Travel Instagrammers You Need To Follow










































2017 Hostelworld Blog
©












































