
Services for Agencies | Official Hotusa Hotels website









This website uses cookies. By continuing to browse, you accept the use of
cookies


ACCEPT









Call Center Barcelona (Spain): 902 270 127



International:

+34 932 959 908



France

9.00h - 19.00h: 08 25 72 70 00



Italy

Free Call Center:

08 25 72 70 00



Brasil

+55 (21) 3956 0573











My booking






MENU









Call Center Barcelona (Spain): 902 270 127


Other Numbers













+


Hello,

{USUARIO}




You have
{DINERO}
in your account at the moment.





Logout










Proffesionals Access
















































The first independent hotel
chain in the world

Discover the world with the best

hotel deals.





Home

Hotels



Hotusa Plus



My booking













SEE MORE


SERVICES FOR AGENCIES




ABOUT US

HOTELS

HOTEL SERVICES

SERVICES FOR AGENCIES

service for companies

AFFILIATES

X
Close











CALL CENTRE


ONLINE BOOKING PLATFORM


OUR OWN RECEPTION NETWORK


SERVICES FOR ONLINE AGENCIES


HOTUSA CORPORATE SERVICES


GDS BOOKINGS


GROUP SERVICES


SOFTWARE FOR AGENCIES


E-INVOICING


Commission payment




SERVICE FOR DISTRIBUTORS

The premier chain of independent hotels


Hotusa Hotels presents itself as one of the easiest and safest alternatives for ensuring that diverse distribution channel operators can count on an optimum service and a hotel product tailored to your needs. We place at your disposal multiple partnership options aimed at easing the daily work of each of our 60,000 current partners, which include outstanding tourism and management groups such as Gebta, Travel Advisors, Iberia, Carlson Wagonlit, Amex, BCD Travel and many others. Our proposal for operators and intermediaries is based on a complete focus on providing quality services, ensuring direct contracting with hotels, and always under a strict commitment to offer the BEST GUARANTEED PRICE.


Furthermore, we also have tools and resources to enable you to maximise your efficiency regarding:



· Online reservations

· Customer service

· Managing commissions and electronic invoicing

· Software for the online marketing of hotels

· Organising groups and programmes



With more than 2,500 associated hotels worldwide, Hotusa Hotels places in your hands an outstanding portfolio of hotels for their diversity and coverage:



· City hotels

· Business Hotels

· Hotels for events

· Holiday hotels

· Health and wellness hotels

· Charming hotels

· Luxury hotels

· Boutique hotels



AND MANY MORE!
Every day we widen our offer with new hotels: the hotel you are looking for can be found on Hotusa Hotels.



CALL CENTRE

Ready to assist you at all times.


Our team, formed by more than 300 professionals, masters multiple languages to assist your business. Our call centres, located in Spain, Italy and Argentina allow us to assist travel agents and tour operators from all corners of the world 365 days a year.
Equally, the HELP DESK service will help you address any eventuality regarding your reservation.



PROFESSIONALS SERVING PROFESSIONALS


·
Service languages: Spanish, Catalan, English, Portuguese, French, Italian, German, Chinese and Russian.

·
Hours: 24-hour service, every day of the year.

·
Contact telephones:
BARCELONA: (+34) 93 319 90 62
MADRID: (+34) 91 373 93 61






ONLINE BOOKING PLATFORM


Our commercial management service for travel agents is one of the most significant factors for a successful outcome. Our intranet for travel agencies and tour operators makes things easy for you.



The Hotusa Group booking engine, "hotelresb2b", replies every day to an average of 2,000,000 availability enquiries, making it one of the tools most used by travel agents for individual reservations and managing group requests.


The most outstanding features of our intranet for travel agents are:



· Simple, fast and intuitive interface
, oriented 100% towards the user.

· Advanced search:
By location, category, and distance from, proximity to a point of interest…

· Filter your search:
Once you have made your query, you can break down the options using the available filters.

· Access the type of hotel you are looking for:
Take advantage of our classification by hotel type and our own categorisation to perfectly address your customer's needs.

· Search using interactive maps:
If location is key to your reservation, we can easily help you find the most perfectly placed hotel.

· Value for money:
Sort the results of your query according to the best value for money

· Variety of room types:
Possibility of reserving up to 10 different types of room by hotel.

· Multiple languages available:
Spanish, English, French, Italian, Portuguese and German.





OUR OWN RECEPTION NETWORK

International reception services


As a prominent part of our international structure, here at Hotusa Hotels we have reception offices in the United Kingdom, France, Italy, Austria and Argentina, providing local services to international operators and travel agencies.



Our international hotels offer facilitates for reception work, managing made-to-measure services with the most suitable accommodation for every case:




·
Coaches for tours / transfers / excursions.

·
Multilingual local guides

·
Appealing hotels and palaces.

·
Group programmes.





SERVICES FOR ONLINE AGENCIES

Latest internet technology for hotel distribution


Since its inception, much of the technological development of the Hotusa Group has been geared towards satisfying such needs. The existing possibilities for integration are as follows:




XML INTEGRATION WITH AGENCIES




The technology used by Hotusa Hotels allows you to offer a wide range of hotel products thanks to the synergies created within the Hotusa Group.
Our team manages and advises hundreds of agencies around the world who today enjoy our accommodation inventory through our XML connections.





ODD PEGASUS




There are many large agencies using PEGASUS technology as a booking engine for their web pages and who enhance their hotel offerings with this system. Hotusa is a hotel representative on its ODD, which allows a wide variety of offerings to be viewed through this channel.





HOTUSA CORPORATE SERVICES

A wide range of hotels for business customers


Hotusa Corporate is our service specialising in corporate customer service. The selection of Hotusa Corporate Hotels, which include facilities and services designed for this type of customer, will allow you to provide them with exactly what they need and always at the best price.
Hotusa Corporate Hotels are part of the Corporate and MICE sections and are located in major national and international destinations.


Specialised Call Centre


Hotusa Corporate and its dedicated business travel Call Centre place at your disposal a team specialising in the management of requests for travel agencies wishing to organise small meetings, small company group stays and stays at any of our hotels. Furthermore, our staff will manage all the additional services that your company's customers may need during their stay.

+34 93 319 26 96




GDS BOOKINGS

Ready to assist you at all times.


GDS (Global Distribution Systems) is one of the most used bookings systems worldwide, with more than 500,000 terminals operating at present.
Hotusa Hotels represents its partner hotels in all major systems: Amadeus, Sabre, Galileo and Worldpan.









As a GDS representative, Hotusa Hotels has its own code (HA) and uses the most advanced connectivity on the market.
We offer agencies the security of confirming, modifying and cancelling reservations in real time, with the guarantee of always offering our customers fully updated prices.




GROUP SERVICES

Ready to assist you at all times.


Year after year, Hotusa Hotels has established itself as the clear leader in the group bookings sector in Europe thanks to the effective service provided by its Group Bookings Centre, formed by a team of more than 40 high-level professionals with extensive experience, distributed in five offices and reservation centres in as many European cities (Barcelona, London, Paris, Vienna and Rome).
Likewise, our extensive background of over 30 years organising group outings, as well as our diversified range of hotels, allow us to service a growing customer group, to whom we can offer a wide range of establishments capable of adapting to their needs, offering the most competitive market rates.
The company's five reservation centres are strategically located in major European tourist destinations and provide a full range of worldwide services, providing local and comprehensive attention to the broad portfolio of agencies who rely on our company to arrange their group outings.


Our group reservation centres at your disposal are:



· Barcelona - Barcelona
Includes Andorra, Denmark, Spain, Norway, Portugal, Sweden and Switzerland.

· Roma -
For the Italian market.

· Paris -
Includes Belgium, France, Holland and Luxembourg.

· London -
United Kingdom and Ireland.

· Vienna -
Includes Austria, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Germany and Poland.





SOFTWARE FOR AGENCIES

Private Label (White Label)


This technological service is aimed at travel agencies and small tour operators, assisting their commercial business diversification. Now you can offer your customers the choice of making a reservation comfortably and at any time through an online booking engine on your own website.
The Hotusa Hotels Private Label system has already been implemented by more than 5,000 small agencies and tour operators.
This system places at your customers' disposal the entire Hotusa Hotels hotel places system through your own website or even, should you wish, on your customers' extranet.
Contact our team:
grupos@hotusahotels.com

E-INVOICING

Easy, comfortable, safe


In order to expedite the administrative efforts of operators working with us, Hotusa Hotels has an online invoicing tool which prevents you from having to send hard copy invoices.
Partner travel agencies can download invoices directly from our extranet or access them via the XML connection to download them.


Discover all our system's advantages.
Contact our team:
marketing@hotusahotels.com


EASYCOM

Commission payment system


EasyCom is Hotusa's solution for centralising and paying commissions on bookings directly paid to travel agencies. With this initiative, Hotusa Hotels takes responsibility on behalf of all the hotels associated with its bookings centre and can assure travel agencies that they will receive commission payments SIMPLY, UNIFORMLY AND CHEAPLY.
This measure is mutually beneficial for travel agencies and hotels, leading to an increasing interest among travel agencies in making reservations in Hotusa Hotels’ establishments, due to the system's ease of use and its appeal.
EasyCom allows hotels to validate their commissions according to the data contained in its files for every stay.


Discover all our system's advantages.
Contact our team:
marketing@hotusahotels.com









Terms & Conditions
|

Best Price Guarantee
|

Privacy statement
|

Copyright ©






Certified by the leading
Worldwide Authority


