
Careers at On the Beach | On the Beach










Careers at On the Beach
We’re always on the lookout for amazing people to join our team.
Awards:
About Us
We’re On the Beach, a technology-focused company that’s grown from a start-up into the UK’s leading online retailer of beach holidays. We may have grown in size but we haven’t lost our entrepreneurial spirit, working fast and creatively on exciting new ideas.
We proudly send over one million happy customers away on their perfect beach holiday every year –  but our ambitions are much bigger than this and we need the right people to help us. Based just outside of Manchester – sadly nowhere near a beach! – we’re looking for talented people to join our team. Have a look at our latest vacancies; we’d love to hear from you.
Our Vacancies
Call Centre
Development
Marketing
Supply
Call Centre
Development
Marketing
Supply
Customer Advisor (Norwegian speaking)
As part of our rapid expansion into Europe and growth within the International Department we are recruiting for full time and part time Customer Advisors with Scandinavian language skills. The role will require taking inbound calls from customers and converting these in to holiday bookings. You will be involved in the whole customer journey from answering queries to converting customer sales; from processing online bookings to handling after sales enquiries, all in a sunny and enthusiastic manner... It is a holiday after all! We will expect you to deliver a 1st class customer experience; keep up to date with product and brand knowledge and most importantly be fluent in Norwegian (as a native speaker) with a sound knowledge of English too.
Read More
Customer Advisor (Swedish speaking)
As part of our rapid expansion into Europe and growth within the International Department we are recruiting for full time and part time Customer Advisors with Scandinavian language skills. The role will require taking inbound calls from customers and converting these in to holiday bookings. You will be involved in the whole customer journey from answering queries to converting customer sales; from processing online bookings to handling after sales enquiries, all in a sunny and enthusiastic manner... It is a holiday after all! We will expect you to deliver a 1st class customer experience; keep up to date with product and brand knowledge and most importantly be fluent in Swedish (as a native speaker) with a sound knowledge of English too.
Read More
Benefits
Great team culture
Flexible working
Competitive salary
Exciting fast paced work
Casual dress
Technology focused
Holiday discounts
Award-winning business
Career progression
Free car parking
Share incentive plan
Childcare vouchers
Health Shield
On-site 9 hole putting green
On-site canteen
Staff parties
Testimonials
I love working at On the Beach. Every day brings new challenges alongside fantastic people to work with and learn from.
Kiran Flynn, Senior Retail Marketing Executive
One of the great things at On the Beach is the people you get to work with. Everyone is friendly, intelligent, and motivated; and it's so easy to just get things done.
Stephen Wootten, Ruby Developer
The job is great but the people are AMAZING, they are the best part of the job.
Enrique Lucini, Supply Coordinator
On The Beach has some of the most intelligent developers in the north. The culture here is fantastic for learning new skills and allowing me to work on things that really interest me.
Sean Holden, Ruby Developer
www.onthebeach.co.uk
On the Beach Limited, Park Square, Bird Hall Lane, Cheadle, SK3 0XN


