Terms of Business
On The Beach Limited ("OTB") is a company
registered in England
(company no 3162982), whose registered office is at
Park Square, Bird Hall Lane, Cheadle, SK3 0XN. References to "you" and "your" in these terms of business
means all persons on the booking confirmation (including anyone added or
substituted at a later date). "We", "us" and "our" means
On The Beach Limited.
1 Your Contract
All bookings are made subject to both OTB's
terms below and the specific booking conditions of your relevant Travel
Supplier(s) (as defined in clause 1.1.1 below). It is your responsibility to
ensure that you have read, understood and agree both prior to booking.
OTB's terms of business are governed by English
law and the courts of England and Wales have exclusive jurisdiction.
1.1 Travel Suppliers
1.1.1 OTB act as an interface between you and
various third party suppliers of travel services ("Travel Suppliers") through
which you can book any product(s) you choose as a result of the searches
performed through our website/App (‘App’ – our mobile application that you can
download to your phone for easy access to the On the Beach site). Travel
Suppliers include, among others, tour operators, airlines, hotels, hotel
chains, bed banks, accommodation aggregators, flight providers, airport
transfer providers.
1.1.2 When OTB process your booking
the
contract for the travel services you choose will be between you and the Travel
Supplier
. The Travel Suppliers' Booking Conditions will apply to
your booking and you must agree them before OTB
can process your booking request.
1.1.3
OTB, because we act as booking agent,
accept no responsibility or liability for the acts or omissions of, or
services provided by, Travel Suppliers
. We advise you to read their
Booking Conditions carefully as they do contain important information about
your booking. Please ask us for copies of these if you do not have them.
1.2 OTB act only as an agent
1.2.1 Where the Travel Supplier is a low-cost airline you are the principal
and we act as your agent in processing your booking. For all other bookings we
act only as an agent for the Travel Supplier who is the principal, or the agent
of the principal.
1.2.2 Where we act as your agent there is an agency contract between us. Our
basic obligation under this contract is to act on your behalf with reasonable
skill and care.
1.2.3 You authorise OTB, at our sole discretion, to
cancel on your behalf and in your name, on the basis that
OTB are instructed by you, your bookings placed with a
Travel Supplier and place your booking directly with an alternative Travel
Supplier if we believe it is in your best interest to do so. We will be
responsible to you for any loss you may suffer as a result of such cancellation
and rebooking.
1.3 Individual Travel Products
1.3.1 OTB is not a tour operator which means we
neither arrange nor combine nor package (as defined by Package Travel, Package
Holidays and Package Travel Regulations 1992) travel products. We provide a
search facility to enable your connection to those who do arrange travel
products. Each travel product you choose is a separate booking, independent of
other travel products booked at the same time. Where you book more than one
travel product, these are not a combination. They may form a Flight-Plus
booking, see 1.5 below.
1.3.2 The flexibility that OTB offers is that you
are under no obligation to book more than one travel product and each travel
product can be booked wholly independently of the others. When we use the term
"booking" or “holiday” we do so for your convenience and it refers to either the
individual booking for one travel product or the multiple bookings you have
made at the same time.
Group Bookings
1.3.3 If larger groups want to be sure of sufficient availability for any
flights / hotels they should contact our call centre. If two parts of the same
group book online on two separate bookings and availability expires between the
two bookings we regret therefore that we are unable to cancel the first booking
without applying cancellation charges (see 5 below).
1.4 When the contract is made
1.4.1 Unless you are paying for your holiday in cash, in which case clause
1.4.2 will apply, by clicking to book and entering your personal and payment
details on our website/App, you are requesting us to make an offer to the Travel
Supplier to purchase the product(s) on your behalf. At this point we immediately
re-contact the Travel Supplier. Each Travel Supplier will still require a short
period of time to confirm that your chosen flight / hotel is still available.
Although the email confirmation sent to you is NOT contractual acceptance of the
Travel Supplier's ability to provide this product, it is an acknowledgement
that we have received your offer, and should the product be available as
detailed on our website/App then you have entered into a legally binding
agreement to purchase this product subject to the Travel Supplier's Booking
Conditions.
1.4.2 If you are paying for your holiday in cash, by clicking to book,
entering your personal details and requesting the “pay by cash” option on our
website, you are requesting that we generate a barcode which will allow you to
make a payment to us in relation to the product(s) you have selected. When we
receive confirmation that you have made your cash payment, we will make an
offer to the Travel Supplier to purchase the product(s) you have selected on
your behalf. At this point we immediately re-contact the Travel Supplier. Each
Travel Supplier will still require a short period of time to confirm that your
chosen flight / hotel is still available. Although the email confirmation sent
to you is NOT contractual acceptance of the Travel Supplier's ability to
provide this product, it is an acknowledgement that we have received your offer,
and should the product be available as detailed on our website/App then you have
entered into a legally binding agreement to purchase this product subject to the
Travel Supplier's Booking Conditions. If we are unable to confirm your
order, we will contact you, and we may need to cancel your order and arrange a
refund in respect of any sums paid.
1.4.3 Once we have received confirmation from the Travel Supplier, we will
contact you via email to let you know that your order has been booked. The
contract is formed when the Travel Supplier issues its confirmation invoice
and their booking reference number. Please note that once your booking has
been confirmed to us, you can only cancel the booking in accordance with the
relevant Travel Supplier's Booking Conditions which may involve
cancellation charges. Equally you may also be subject to our cancellation
charges to cover our administration costs.
1.4.4 Where the price of the flight, accommodation or any other supplemental
product has been listed incorrectly in error by OTB,
and the Travel Supplier is unable to honour the booking,
OTB reserve the right to cancel the booking and
refund all monies paid by you.
1.5 Flight–Plus bookings
1.5.1 We understand how important it is for you to know your money is
protected and have arranged protection for Flight-Plus bookings
(defined below) under our ATOL, number 10017. Flight-Plus has
been introduced by the Civil Aviation (Air Travel Organisers' Licensing)
Regulations 2012 to give you financial protection for travel arrangements
which are not, legally, packages but which include more than one travel
product. This protection is only a protection against the unlikely event of
our insolvency or that of your Travel Suppliers booked through
OTB. Flight-Plus does not impact at all upon
liability should something go wrong with what you have booked – the position
is as set out elsewhere in these conditions.
1.5.2 Flight-Plus will exist when you book a flight through us and, on the
same day or the day after, you also book accommodation or car hire to be used
in conjunction with that flight. Once a Flight-Plus exists, then any other
tourist services which are not ancillary to the flight or the accommodation
will be included in the Flight-Plus.
1.5.3 Where you book a Flight-Plus through us, it will be our responsibility
to arrange a substitute flight or accommodation or car hire should the
supplier of any of these fail financially with the result that they cannot be
provided. If substitutes cannot be arranged it will be our responsibility to
refund you all protected monies you have paid for the Flight-Plus as detailed
on the ATOL certificate (see next paragraph).
1.5.4 Where a Flight-Plus exists we will issue you with an ATOL certificate
as an attachment to the booking confirmation email. The ATOL certificate
details exactly what monies are protected and should be kept safely.
Credit/debit card charges and administration fees (set out in clause 6.2) are
not protected.
1.5.5 If you cancel your flight or you cancel your accommodation or car hire,
so that there are no travel products additional to the flight, Flight-Plus
will cease to exist.
2 Flights
2.1 Flight times and tickets
Flight times shown are provisional and may be subject to change, as per the
booking conditions. For all flight bookings please reconfirm your flight times
48 hours prior to departure as per the Travel Supplier's instructions.
This applies separately to outward and homeward journeys, as changes
to flight times may be made during your time abroad
. We cannot be
held responsible for you missing flights if you have not followed these
instructions. Most flights are now ticketless and you should ensure that you
have your flight reference number which will be required for check-in. The
flight reference and check-in procedures are included in the booking
confirmation email we send to you. Some flight providers will require this
check-in procedure to be carried out online. Charter flight tickets are
generally issued by Travel Supplier between ten days and two weeks prior to
travel, however they reserve the right to issue documents on departure at
the airport. You must contact us one week prior to departure if you are
flying with a charter carrier and your travel documents have not been
received or if you do not have a flight reference number for a ticket on
departure booking. We will not be responsible for the loss of any items
sent by post unless such loss is due to our negligence.
2.2 Data
2.2.1 The flight information advertised comes from all the major Travel
Suppliers and airlines. The data is scanned by a third party and regularly
updated. Please be aware that some airlines do not maintain real time seat
availability in the reservations system to which we connect. As agents we are
constrained by the information they provide. Seat availability and pricing is at
the operator's discretion and is subject to availability. Please be aware
that prices can fluctuate.
2.3 Luggage and other flight extras
2.3.1 All airlines have a standard hand luggage allowance which is included
in our online prices. Allowances differ significantly from airline to airline.
The allowance you are entitled to will be shown in the booking conditions of
your airline which are displayed at the bottom of your documentation. Where you
require additional luggage allowance this can be added to the booking prior to
checkout and paid for.
2.3.2 Certain charter airlines and low-cost flight carriers consider hold
luggage to be an optional extra. When you are booking with an airline that does
make a charge for luggage it is not included or displayed in our head line
prices and the option to add this extra facility will be offered to you at the
time of booking. The luggage allowance will be dictated by the airline in
question and can again vary. Should you choose not to take any hold luggage on
your trip then you will receive the standard hand luggage allowance as detailed
in the airlines booking conditions. This will normally be between 5 and 10kgs.
Bags must be no larger than the dimensions allowed by the airline in question
for carry-on luggage. For further information please refer to the airline
booking conditions.
2.3.3 Our online prices do not include in-flight meals.
2.3.4 Please note where flight extras (such as bags and meals) are added at
the time of booking they cannot be removed, cancelled or refunded.
2.4 Low-Cost flights
2.4.1 Some low-cost airlines require you to check-in online. Where applicable
your paperwork includes instructions regarding the online check-in procedure.
Please read carefully as
for some flights you will be required to
check-in separately for the outbound and inbound flight
. Failure to
check-in online will result in check-in fees at the airport which you will be
liable to pay for.
2.4.2 No tickets will be issued for low-cost flights and you will simply need
your confirmation number, which will be emailed to you with your booking
confirmation, along with your passport, to board the flight
(subject to 2.4.1 above).
2.4.3 Please note, other than in cases of insolvency (see clause 1.5 above),
all low-cost flight bookings are non-refundable.
2.4.4 We will purchase the flight seats on your behalf directly from the
airline. In the case of some low cost airlines, we will use the payment details
you provide to purchase the flight seats on your behalf and you agree that we
can use the payment details you provide to do so. Where this is the case, you
will see two separate transactions on your card statement; one will be for the
cost of your flights with the airline and the remainder will be your payment to
OTB including our service fees.
2.5 Multiple airlines, triangular flights and 2 x one-way flights
2.5.1 Where we book a multiple airline, triangular flight (different
UK airports for outbound and inbound e.g. fly out of Manchester and fly in to
Liverpool) and or 2 x one-way flights on your behalf we will be making two
separate flight bookings with two separate flight suppliers or at times the same
flight supplier. In certain cases in order to ensure our prices are as
competitive as possible for all customers, we will book a return flight
(same airline, same route) as 2 one-way flights - one booking will be for the
outbound leg of your flights and another for the inbound leg of your flights.
When making a multiple airline or triangular flight booking the different UK
airports will be displayed throughout the booking process and a multiple airline
logo will be shown.
2.5.2 You will see two flight vouchers displayed on your paperwork, two
flight references and at times two separate flight suppliers booking conditions.
This does not affect your travel arrangements in any way and you simply use the
correct voucher to check-in for each leg of your journey.
2.5.3 In the rare event that a change is made by one of your flight suppliers
to the outbound or inbound leg of your flight and you cannot find a suitable
alternative so choose to cancel your booking, then you will be liable to pay any
cancellation fees arising from the cancellation of any other services and flight
legs associated with your booking.
2.6 Scheduled flights
Our website/App offers scheduled flights from all the major airlines. Please
note that in certain cases these flights may be indirect and fly via other
airports. The flight display will show the take- off time from the departure
airport and the landing time into the destination airport correctly. Where we
are offering a scheduled flight with no stops, an icon will display on the list
next to the flight to show that it is a direct flight. In all other cases the
flight being offered will be an indirect flight. The full details of any flight
stopovers will be made clear to you at the time of booking. Please note many
scheduled flights are non-amendable and non-refundable once booked.
3 Hotels
3.1 Star Ratings
3.1.1 All accommodation featured on our website/App advertising is booked
through the Travel Supplier named on your paperwork. The star ratings featured
on our website/App advertising are those provided directly by the Travel
Supplier, or OTB's own average ratings based on
our industry knowledge and customer feedback. Our own ratings are clearly marked
on the relevant pages and are intended as guidance purposes only. Whilst
OTB endeavours to maintain ratings in line with those
of the Travel Suppliers, we act as agent only and therefore cannot guarantee the
accuracy of the ratings provided.
3.1.2 All accommodations represent excellent value for money within the star
ratings and any that receive an unreasonable proportion of complaints from our
customers are dropped from our website/App advertising.
3.2 Hotel Complaints
3.2.1 If you have a complaint while you are staying at your accommodation you
must inform the accommodation's management immediately in order to give them
the chance to resolve the problem. Failure to do so may affect your rights under
the contract with the Travel Supplier and you may lose any right to
compensation. If the issue is not resolved to your satisfaction, you should then
contact the Travel Supplier's representative in the resort.
3.2.2 If having followed these two steps your problem remains unresolved you
should then contact us on +44 (0) 161 444 8415.
Important: claims/complaints about injuries or illness
In the unfortunate event that you suffer an injury or an illness while you
are on holiday, and you believe this is the fault of one of your travel
suppliers, it is very important that you notify the travel supplier while you
are on holiday.
Accommodation providers will not accept claims for illness or injury unless
the issue is reported to the hotelier at the time whilst in the hotel. You
will often be asked to sign a document agreeing to a specific claims process
when you arrive at a hotel. This is as a result of an increasing number of
fraudulent claims being received.
Since 2013, there has been more than a 500% increase in the number of
compensation claims for holiday sickness with tens of thousands of claims in the
past year. Evidence suggests many of these claims may be exaggerated or
fraudulent. As a result, On the Beach are backing the ABTA
“Stop Sickness Scams” campaign. If we believe any claim to be fraudulent then
action may be taken in the hope of protecting those with genuine claims.
3.3 Hotel Booking Procedure
3.3.1 Unless otherwise requested at the time of booking, standard
internationally accepted practice dictates that your accommodation will be
booked from the day that you depart the UK for the required duration. The dates
and times of your accommodation booking will be included on your accommodation
voucher (please check this carefully). After registration, on arrival at your
accommodation, you will be allocated a room. When travelling on flights
departing the UK after midnight, your room will be reserved from the previous
day. You must normally check-out of your room by 12 noon on the day before a
night flight home or on the departure date for an evening flight. We will
request a late check-out for the room, however this is not guaranteed. If we
were not to book the hotel until the day that you land (for flights landing in
the early hours of the morning), you would not be able to access your room for
several hours after your arrival in the hotel. Your flight details are included
in the booking details we pass to hotels so hotel staff should be aware of your
flight timings. They will also be notified on your booking that you require a
late check-out. Most hotels provide this late checkout facility. This will
usually incur a small charge payable on the spot (it is impossible for us to
prepay this charge) and should be requested at the start of your stay so as to
avoid disappointment.
3.4 "Kids Included" Policy
3.4.1 Our "Kids Included" policy applies to selected hotels only, which are
subject to availability.
3.4.2 Prices for adults may change according to the number of adults booked
per room. Where there is only one adult per booking, you may be liable to pay a
single occupancy supplement for the room you choose. This supplement may range
from 10 to 100&percnt; of the standard room rate, meaning that the price for the
room may be the same as if there were 2 adults per booking.
3.4.3  In addition, prices may vary according to the board basis of the
booking and/or the ages of the children included in the booking.
3.4.4 The prices outlined in 3.4.2 and 3.4.3 above are levied by each
individual Travel Supplier as part of their room rates and are not controlled by
OTB in any way.
3.4.5 OTB's pricing policy means that the price
you see displayed on the hotel page is the price you pay per adult for the whole
room. Children are included in this price so there are no additional room costs
to pay for them.
3.4.6 Some Travel Suppliers may impose a limit on the number of children that
can stay in each room. This is not controlled by OTB
in any way.
3.5 Special Requests
3.5.1 We are happy to pass on any special requests you may have to the Travel
Supplier or hotel concerned with your booking. Please note that while the hotel
will make every effort to fulfil your requests they cannot be guaranteed.
Special requests do not form part of your contract with them.
3.6 Specific Requirements
3.6.1 If you have any specific requirements when booking your holiday because
you or any member of your party is disabled or less mobile, then you must ensure
you have chosen and researched your hotel carefully. It is advisable for you to
call our dedicated sales team on 0871 474 3000 prior to making
an on line booking so you can inform us of your mobility issues and we can
advise on the most suitable hotels for you party.
3.7 Non-Refundable Rooms
3.7.1 If you book a non refundable room you will not be able to cancel nor
amend your booking and no refund will be available. Deposit payment options are
not available on bookings which include non refundable rooms. Full payment is
required at the time of the booking.
4 In Resort Transfers
4.1 Unless you have reserved a transfer separately during the booking
process, no flight or hotel booking includes a transfer. Please ensure that the
hotel you have selected is accessible from the airport you have chosen to fly
to. At times the hotel suppliers or airlines involved in your booking may offer
a free or complimentary resort transfer. OTB will pass
on this offer to you however unless you have reserved a transfer separately
during the booking process, no flight or hotel bookings include a transfer. The
provision, delivery and service standards of this transfer are the
responsibility of the hotel/airline provider and the 3rd party involved in their
delivery.
5 Changes and Cancellations
5.1 Should you wish to amend or cancel your booking, confirmation must be
received in writing from the lead named passenger. Any such request will not
take effect until received by us. For further details on how to cancel your
booking please visit the FAQ and "Manage Your Booking" section of our website.
5.2 Charges may be levied by the Travel Supplier or other supplier and you
will be advised of these. In addition, OTB will also
charge a fee. Details of cancellation charges are set out below.
5.2.1 Cancellations more than 28 days from departure date will result in a
loss of deposit. Any charges over this amount levied by the suppliers and our
service fees of £30pp must also be paid. From time to time as a special
offer the deposit on a reservation may be lower than the standard amount of
£100 to £150 per person or the full cost of your low-cost or
scheduled flights where selected (see deposit payments section). If such
bookings are cancelled before the standard deposit amount has been paid you will
still be liable for the difference between the standard deposit amount and the
amount you have paid.
5.2.2 Cancellations 28 days or less from the departure date will result in a
loss of deposit. Any charges over this amount levied by the suppliers and our
service fees of £150 per booking must also be paid. Within this period,
all flight bookings are non-refundable and cancellation will result in the loss
of all flight monies paid.
5.3 Please note incorrect information on any documentation received from us
must be brought to the attention of the Customer Services Department of
OTB. If you book a hotel or flights online then
corrections of any mistakes made in entering passenger titles, initials or
surnames will be chargeable immediately the booking has been confirmed by the
Travel Supplier. Charges will apply to correct any mistake, even if it is simply
one letter, an initial or a title. For those booking children 2 years of age or
above and entering 'Infant' as the title, the flight systems will
automatically select 'Miss' or 'Master'. Where this is incorrect
and you have not provided the correct information at the time of booking you
will be required to pay amendment charges.
5.4 Should you need to make an amendment to a passenger(s) on a
multiple/split flight booking you will need to submit a change request for each
booking the affected passenger(s) appears on. Supplier and
OTB amendment fees will apply to each change request.
5.5 Cancellation and Amendment Charges
5.5.1 Travel Supplier's charge + £30.00 per person (if 28 days or
more before departure)
5.5.2 Travel Supplier's charge + £150.00 per booking (if within 28
days of departure)
5.5.3 In flight extra requests after booking confirmed: Travel Supplier's
charge + £30.00 per request
5.5.4 Pre-booking airline seats after confirmed booking: Travel
Supplier's charge + £30.00
5.5.5 Ticket delivery fee (for those departing between 21 - 14 days from date
of booking): £15.00 per person
5.5.6 Change of hotel: Cancellation of original hotel + difference (if any)
in cost of hotels + £80.00 administration fee
5.5.7 Change of title, initial, first name or surname once booking made:
Travel Supplier's charge plus £30.00 per person
5.5.8 In-flight meals after booking confirmed: Travel Supplier's charge
plus £30.00 per request
5.5.9 Credit and Debit card charges are non-refundable on cancellation
5.6 Service Charges
In certain circumstances we apply a service charge for the services we
provide. In the event that your booking is cancelled by the supplier
OTB reserves the right not to refund our service
fees.
5.7 Surcharges
We draw your attention to the clauses of the Travel Suppliers' booking
conditions relating to surcharging. These can be found before booking and
through booking conditions links when you login to Manage Your Booking on our
website. As your booking agent we may be required to collect surcharges on
behalf of the Travel Suppliers involved in your booking. These are additional
amounts that a Travel Supplier may charge after you have booked, because costs
have increased in the areas of transportation, including the cost of fuel;
duties, taxes and fees; or exchange rates. Surcharges can vary and the amount
will be advised to you in writing. Where the Travel Supplier involved is a
member of ABTA they will follow the code of conduct in regards to levying
surcharges. Please see the ABTA website
(
www.abta.com
) to review which
suppliers are members. Please see Travel Suppliers terms to understand their
surcharges. Whilst Travel Suppliers do try to avoid them, surcharges can occur
and a failure to pay any surcharged amount requested from you may result in the
cancellation of your booking or a refusal to allow you to travel. We reserve the
right to levy a £1 per person administration charge in addition to any
charges we are being asked to collect by the Travel Suppliers.
5.8 Taxes
The local authorities in certain countries may impose additional taxes
(tourist tax, etc), which have to be paid locally (e.g. at the hotel). You are
exclusively responsible for paying such additional taxes.
6 Payments
6.1 Payment on booking
6.1.1 We require full payment at the time of booking in the following
circumstances:
(a) when you make a flight only booking (for all airlines except Small
Planet); and
(b) when you make any booking within 14 days of your departure date; and
(c) when you book a holiday with a non-refundable hotel.
6.1.2 For all other bookings we require a non-refundable deposit at the time
of booking.
6.2 Instalment Payments
6.2.1 Your holiday is payable in instalments. We will tell you when you book
with us how many instalments will be involved, the amount of each instalment and
the payment due dates. This will be confirmed in your booking paperwork. Our
administration fee of £4.95 (which covers our administration costs for
managing multiple payments) will be payable in relation to each instalment and
is clearly displayed when you make your booking.
6.2.2 Should you wish to pay for your holiday in full at the time of making
your booking you are entitled to do so and may be entitled to a discount for
doing so.
6.2.3 Payments of instalments due must be received by
OTB no later than the payment due date confirmed on
your booking paperwork. Where you fail to pay us of your own accord, the last
card you used for payment will be automatically debited for the amount due. If
this card fails and we hold other cards against your order we will also attempt
to debit the outstanding amounts from those cards. If you wish us to debit an
alternative card then please contact our customer service department or log on
to manage your booking and make payment with the alternative card BEFORE the
payment due date.
6.2.4 To increase security around payment collections, when you make a
payment we store tokens (created from your card details so that we do not hold
your card information) to make any subsequent instalment collections
automatically. We will always attempt to collect money from the last card you
used first.
6.2.5 We reserve the right to levy handling and transaction fees on all
credit card payments in line with OTB company policy
to cover processing and administration costs. Please note
OTB do not accept payment by cheque.
6.3 Failure to provide payment
6.3.1 Should we be unable to collect all outstanding instalments from you
before the date on which you are due to fly we reserve the right to cancel the
flight booking made on your behalf and you will forfeit all monies paid by you
for such booking.
6.3.2 In addition, if for any reason we do not receive payment, we may be
required to notify the other Travel Supplier(s) who may take the decision to
cancel your booking and charge the cancellation fees set out in the terms and
conditions. In these circumstances you will be liable of a loss of all monies
previously paid. Credit and debit card charges are non-refundable.
6.3.3 Rejected Orders booked within 3-7 days of departure: Because of
standard banking procedures, once you have submitted an Order that you are
paying for by credit or debit card and your payment has been authorised, your
bank or card issuer will "ring-fence" the full amount of your Order. If your
Order is subsequently rejected by our system or cancelled for any other reason,
your bank or card issuer will not transfer the funds for the Order to us, and
will instead release the relevant amount back into your available balance.
However, this may take between 3 to 5 working days (or longer, depending on
your bank or card issuer). You acknowledge and agree that we will not be
responsible or liable to you in relation to this delay by your bank or card
issuer in the release of funds back into your account.
6.4 Cash Payments
We may accept payment in cash and when this is an available option it will be
displayed on our website/App and you will be able to select “Pay with Cash” at
the checkout when booking your holiday. If you select to pay for your holiday
in cash, a barcode will be generated and you will be provided with instructions
via email so that so that you can make payment for your holiday in cash at a
local participating retailer (the names and addresses of participating retailers
can be found via our website/App). You will receive a receipt from the retailer
in respect of any cash payments you make and this is your evidence of payment,
so please keep this in a safe place. Provided you make your cash payment to a
participating retailer and obtain your receipt, your cash payment is treated as
a payment made to On the Beach.
7 Passports, Visas and Health
7.1 All passengers who are British must have a 10-year British Citizen
passport. You should note that most countries require your passport to remain
valid for a minimum period after the return date to the UK (normally 6 months).
If your passport is in its final year of validity, you should check with the
Embassy of the country you are visiting, otherwise travel may be denied. As it
is not possible to claim against your insurance cover should travel be refused
in these circumstances, we suggest you allow plenty of time to make these
checks. It is your responsibility prior to booking to ensure that you have a
valid passport.
7.2 Overseas nationals are responsible for ensuring that their passport
allows travel to their chosen destination. If you hold an overseas passport you
must ensure that you are in possession of any visa necessary to enter the
country of your chosen destination. We can provide general information about the
passport and visa requirements for your trip. Your specific passport and visa
requirements, and other immigration requirements are your responsibility and you
should confirm these with the relevant Embassies and/or Consulates. Neither we,
nor the Travel Supplier, accept any responsibility if you cannot travel because
you have not complied with any passport, visa or immigration requirements. Some
of our accommodation providers negotiate their low rates on the basis that
residents of the country where the hotel stay is taking place are not eligible
to stay at that rate. In most circumstances, this does not apply to residents of
EU countries staying in other EU countries. Problems seem to mainly occur where
non-EU passport holders are booked to stay in the country where the passport was
issued. For example, Turkish nationals in Turkey, or Egyptian nationals in
Egypt. If you think this may affect your booking, please ask our customer
service team to confirm your booking will be accepted by the hotel, as
resolution once you are abroad will be very difficult and may result in
additional charges being incurred or the cancellation of the booking.
Occasionally accommodation providers may ask that we contact you prior to the
departure date to ask for the nationalities of the parties travelling. It is
important that you contact our customer service team in this instance with this
information in order to confirm that the rates are eligible for the parties
travelling.
7.3 Please be aware that you are responsible for any inoculation requirements
for their destination. You may wish to obtain a copy of a useful booklet called
Health Advice for Travellers (T7.1) available to download from www.dh.gov.uk.
Up to date travel advice can also be obtained from the Foreign &
Commonwealth Office on 0845 850 2829 or their website www.fco.gov.uk. We can
provide general information about any health formalities required for your trip
but you should check with your own doctor for your specific circumstances.
8 Insurance
We recommend that all passengers take out adequate travel insurance. It is a
condition of booking with most Travel Suppliers that adequate insurance cover is
arranged in order to cover you and your party against the cost of cancellation
by you before you travel; the cost of assistance (including repatriation) in the
event of accident or illness; loss of luggage and money; and other expenses.
Some airlines or Travel Supplier may prevent you from travelling if proof of
insurance cannot be provided. We can introduce you to suppliers of suitable
cover if required. We accept no liability arising from your failure to obtain
adequate cover. If you have booked your insurance through a supplier introduced
by us, you will receive a confirmation policy document prior to travel.
9 Complaints Procedure
9.1 We hope your travel arrangements run as smoothly as possible and you
enjoy your time abroad, however if you feel the need to complain we recommend
that you immediately inform a representative of the Travel Supplier, airline or
hotel reception staff, whilst you are abroad. If you fail to follow this
procedure there will be less opportunity to investigate and rectify your
complaint. The amount of compensation you may be entitled to may be reduced or
you may not receive any at all depending upon the circumstances. You can also
contact our Emergency Line whilst abroad for assistance and advice on how to
resolve your complaint. Details of our Emergency Line number are contained in
your booking confirmation email.
If you are not satisfied, you must follow this up in writing by emailing
OTB at
customercare@onthebeach.co.uk
immediately on return to the UK (or at the very latest within 28 days).
OTB acts as a booking agent only.
OTB will contact the Travel Supplier, airline or hotel
on your behalf to try to resolve your complaint.
9.2 In the unfortunate event you feel our Customer Feedback Team has not
resolved your complaint, we are also a Member of ABTA (membership number
K0813). ABTA and ABTA members help holidaymakers get the
most from their travel and assist them when things do not go according to plan.
We are obliged to maintain a high standard of service to you by ABTA’s Code of
Conduct. We can also offer you ABTA’s scheme for the resolution of disputes
which is approved by the Chartered Trading Standards Institute. If we can’t
resolve your complaint, visit
http://www.abta.com
to use
ABTA’s simple procedure. Further information on the Code and ABTA’s assistance
in resolving disputes can be found on www.abta.com. You can also access the
European Commission Online Dispute (ODR) Resolution platform at
http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/
.
This ODR platform is a means of registering your complaint with us; it will not
determine how your complaint should be resolved.
10 Online User Reviews
10.1 The Hotel and Destination reviews and other views posted on the reviews
section of our site are those of the visitors that have submitted them and are
NOT the opinion of OTB. Reviews posted on our
website/App are not intended as advice and should not be relied upon as such. We
therefore disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance
placed on such information.
10.2 We reserve the right to monitor any information transmitted or received
through our review section. We reserve the right to reject or remove your review
at any time at our sole discretion. We do not guarantee in any way that your
review or any part of it will be displayed on our website/App.
10.3 Reviews submitted by users will be considered non-confidential and
OTB is under no obligation to treat such reviews as
proprietary information. OTB shall have no duty to
attribute authorship of reviews to you, and shall not be obligated to enforce
any form of attribution by third parties.
10.4 If you have any concerns or queries about reviews which appears on our
website/App please contact us at
press@onthebeach.co.uk

11 Data Protection
11.1 We take responsibility for ensuring proper security measures are in
place to protect your personal information. The booking information that you
provide to us will be passed on only to the providers of your travel
arrangements or other persons necessary for the provision of your travel
arrangements. The information may therefore be provided to public authorities
such as customs or immigration if required by them, or as required by law. This
applies to any sensitive information that you give to us such as details of any
disabilities, or dietary and religious requirements. Certain information may
also be passed on to security or credit checking companies. If you are
travelling to the United States, the US Customs and Border Protection will
receive this information for the purposes of preventing and combating terrorism
and other serious transnational crimes.
11.2 If you travel outside the European Economic Area, data protection
controls may not be as strong as in this country. If we cannot pass this
information to the relevant suppliers, whether in the EEA or not, we will be
unable to complete your booking. In making this booking, you consent to this
information being passed on to the relevant persons. Full details of our data
protection policy are available on request.
11.3 Never share your Manage Your Booking order number with anyone that you
do not want to be able to administer your booking. When you have finished in the
Manage Your Booking area of our site always click on the Logoff button shown on
our website to exit the application and prevent further access to your account.
When using a public PC (such as in a library or school), also close the browser
when you are finished. OTB cannot be held responsible
where changes are made to your booking without your permission if they have been
made by someone with access to your Manage your Booking order number.
11.4 We may also contact you from time to time with details of any special
offers we may have available.
11.5 More information on how we use and protect your personal data is set out
in our privacy policy and cookie policy (links can be found at the bottom of the
home page).
12 Ryanair Seating Reservations
Ryanair have introduced a policy of mandatory seat reservations for parties
travelling with one or more children under the age of 12 on the date of travel.
This means that for every four children (or less) on a booking, one adult MUST
have a reserved seat at a cost of £4. The children will then also be
allocated a reserved seat at no additional cost.
On the Beach will implement this policy by booking a single seat
reservation on the flight for ONE adult in a party and up to four children.
Parties with more than four children will have an additional adult seat
reservation made for a further £4.
13 Holiday Checklist
13.1 Before you travel on holiday you are required to complete your
'Holiday Checklist' which can be found in the 'My Bookings' area of our website.
The Holiday Checklist is available for completion once you have paid for your
booking in full and at least 2 weeks before you travel. We will send you an
email notifying you when your Holiday Checklist is available for completion.
13.2 We will send you regular reminders that your Holiday Checklist needs
to be completed in the period before your departure. You must have completed
your Holiday Checklist at least one week before you depart.
13.3 If you have not completed your Holiday Checklist one week before your
departure we will contact you by telephone. If we complete the Holiday
Checklist for you over the telephone this may incur an administrative
charge of up to £5.00 per booking.