






With us, your holiday is protected.

On the Beach hold ATOL licence 10017 and we’re full ABTA members.

Your money is protected - we cannot access it until your holiday is complete!

In the event of any supplier or On the Beach failure, your money is safe.
Whether you’re counting down to departure or already on holiday,
you can have complete peace of mind that you’re guaranteed financial protection.

On the Beach pays customers’ cash into a UK trust account (flights are paid
for upfront), so cannot access a customer’s cash until the holiday is
complete. Many UK travel businesses with ATOL protection DO NOT ACT IN THIS
WAY - we were the first ever UK OTA to put this trust account system in place
and we have been paying all our hotels and transfers in this way since 2011.
Should anything happen to the business, you can be 100% sure you can access
your money to pay for your holiday.

What is protected? Everything!

Flights and hotels booked together


All of our Flight Plus Holidays are financially protected by the ATOL
scheme. A Flight Plus Holiday is where you purchase through us, at the
same time or within a day of each other, a flight plus overseas
accommodation and / or car hire from separate Travel Suppliers and as
separate bookings (i.e. not a package holiday)

On all Flight Plus Holiday bookings, your money is ATOL protected. This
means you will be able to continue with your holiday or suitable
alternative holiday (at no extra cost) or receive a refund of the amount
paid to us in the unlikely event of our insolvency or the insolvency of
one or more of your service Travel Suppliers.

When you book with us, we’ll send you an ATOL confirmation invoice that
provides you with all the information you’ll need about your ATOL
protection.


Hotels

All hotel only bookings are protected through our On the Beach Trust fund.
You will be offered the option of transferring money to be credited against
another hotel booking or receive a refund.

Other Bookings like transfers, car hire and airport parking

All other products sold on this site are also protected through our On the
Beach Trust fund. You will be offered the option of transferring monies to
be credited against an alternative booking (where one is available) or
receive a refund.



