
Top 10 spas for winter sun in 2017 from Spabreaks.comThe Hot Tub from Spabreaks.com

















































































Spabreaks.com Home

Contact Us

























Home

Spa reviews


Spotlights

Spa and cancer

Accessible spas

Celebrity reviews



News


Headlines

Community


Who are you talking to?

Next big thing



Spa Glossary



Food


Breakfast

Lunch and snacks

Cocktails

Healthy eating

Smoothies

Sweets and desserts

Diets



Entertainment


Interviews


Industry Experts

Celebrity



Books

Gifts

Lifestyle

Video



Travel


Top 10

Five reasons

Golf guide



Skincare


Spa tips

Spa treatments

Spa products

Make-up

Tried and tested



Health


Coping with cancer

Life after spinal injury

A day in a life



Fitness


Yoga

Exercise



Features




Breaking



Five European spa breaks for men

Spa treatments to fight the winter blues

How to have a healthy Christmas

Almar Jesolo Resort & Spa wins three awards at the World Luxury Hotel Awards

Lithuania's unusual spa treatments















Top ten spas for winter sun



0 Comment


06 Oct 2017
Posted by BonnieF




Autumn is here, so now’s the time to book in for a spot of winter sun at some of the most beautiful spas around the world…


The Vincci Selección La Plantación del Sur., Tenerife

Tenerife is a terrific place for winter sun. It is just a few short hours away and is often described as the ‘island of eternal spring’ due to its year round warmth. The Vincci Selección La Plantación del Sur on the Costa Adaje has five outdoor pools, tennis courts and a gym plus the Nammu Spa with its three thermal circuits and lots of treatment options you will be able to enjoy both outdoor and indoor therapy.

VISIT VINCCI SELECCION LA PLANTACION DEL SUR


Bohemia Suites and Spa, Gran Canaria

Just up the road, in flight time terms, from Tenerife, is Gran Canaria where you will also enjoy a balmy climate. Here the Bohemia Suites and Spa will be delighted to welcome you for your winter sun spa break. They provide an authentically Thai spa experience designed to stimulate a healthy body and mind. It’s also worth taking some time to take a trip around this interesting island or simply take in the view of the volcano from the panoramic top floor restaurant where you will enjoy first rate food.

VISIT BOHEMIA SUITES AND SPA


St. James’s Club & Villas, Antigua

Spend a week or so on this Caribbean island where celebrities such as Eric Clapton, Oprah Winfrey and Georgio Armani hang out. Stay at the St James’s Club and Villas on its 100 acre secluded sandy peninsula, where it is all about relaxation and forgetting about the rest of the world. A fully inclusive Royal Spa Suite Winter Spa Break includes treatments every day using world class spa products from Pevonia Botanica, waterfront views, a balcony or terrace and sunken living room is yours for the booking. Free non motorized water sports such as kayaking, pedal boats and catamaran sailing is included, plus six swimming pools a fitness centre, and four restaurants with diverse menus.

VISIT ST. JAMES’S CLUB AND VILLAS


Mazagan Beach & Golf Resort, Morocco

Mazagan Beach & Golf Resort is somewhere that has something for everyone on a winter sun spa break. Escape on your own on a Three Night Solo Relaxing Spa Break complete with your own King Room, a skin brightener facial as well as complimentary access to the casino, night club, fitness centre and land sports. Enjoy hot yoga, a breathtaking pool, lots of different sports including golf and horse riding, and an array of restaurants. The spa itself is huge with therapies using luxurious Carita of Paris products, and they offer complimentary shared transport to and from Casablanca airport.

VISIT MAZAGAN BEACH AND GOLF RESORT


Al Nahda Resort & Spa, Oman

There’s no doubt about it Oman is hot, even in January, their coolest month, the temperature is likely to be in the seventies, and at other times much above that. A winner of the World Luxury Boutique Hotel awards and World Luxury Spa Awards, the Al Nahda is an oasis of opulence and a wonderful place for a romantic getaway. At the Uri Spa you will be met by a Wellness Consultant who will devise an individual programme of spa treatments for relaxation, beauty, slimming and medical needs.

VISIT AL NAHDA RESORT AND SPA


Hilton Seychelles Labriz Resort & Spa, Seychelles

Beautiful; that’s how to describe the Seychelles. For a luxurious romantic spa break par excellence, head off to the Hilton Seychelles Labriz Resort & Spa on Silhouette Island. It is surrounded by a vibrant National Park and the Indian Ocean. Each lush villa has a private garden, a huge bathroom and its own outside rain shower. Enjoy the great outdoors in this warm winter wonderland and then make tracks for Eforea Spa for a plethora of treatments including ancient Indian massage and powerful Thai therapies. Pools, gym and great local food abound – how about some sushi made from fresh fish caught by local fishermen?

VISIT HILTON SEYCHELLES LABRIZ RESORT AND SPA


OBLU by Atmosphere at Helengeli, Maldives

Another excellent spot on the Indian Ocean for a winter sun spa break is the OBLU by Atmosphere on Helengeli Island, one of the Maldives and home to abundant wildlife and stunning island views. How about a Seven or Ten Night Maldivian Experience – your own private beach villa on a fully inclusive basis (including some booze), a traditional Maldivian sand massage, a luxury manicure or pedicure, full use of the fitness suite, a sunset fishing excursion, a shopping excursion to a neighboring island and full use of kayaks and pedalos, plus airport handling fees and return speedboat transfer.

VISIT OBLU BY ATMOSPHERE AT HELENGELI


LUX Le Morne, Mauritius

Is swimming with wild dolphins in their natural habitat on your ‘to do’ list? Well here’s your opportunity at the LUX Le Morne on your winter sun spa break. Situated and sheltered by the Le Morne Brabant peak, a stunning Unesco World Heritage Site, the outdoors beckons at the LUX. It is lovely and warm so apart from the dolphins there’s hiking, kite surfing, water skiing, wakeboarding, swimming and relaxing on powder soft sand to think about. Then there’s the spa itself for a spot of self indulgence with its signature treatments and Chinese medicine influences. There are also yoga and meditation classes. It’s a five star hotel so accommodation and food is first class of course.

VISIT LUX LE MORNE


The Vineyard Hotel and Aquila Game Reserve, South Africa

Fancy combining your winter sun spa break with some big game viewing such a lions, leopards and elephants? This is your chance! Arrive in Cape Town and stay at the Vineyard Hotel, looking out over the Liesbeek River for a few days. Here you can indulge in some luxury therapies as well as having the opportunity to visit Cape Town and all it has to offer. Then transfer to the Aquila Private Game Reserve and Spa, all 10,000 hectares of it, for another few days, where you will be taken on a couple of game drives, one of which could be on horseback if you fancy it – apparently you can get even more up close and personal with the animals this way. Both hotels are sumptuous, and both are in magnificent surroundings.

VISIT THE VINEYARD HOTEL AND AQUILA GAME RESERVE


Aphrodite Hills Hotel, Cyprus

This is the place to go if all you want to do is get off the plane, get to your hotel and not budge out of it for a week or so on your winter sun spa break. It’s huge, a complete resort, with its own Village Square with multiple shops, restaurants and bars, as well as a golf course, tennis, horse riding, biking and nature trails, swimming pools, water sports, beach and children’s activities. To get back to the all important spa element – there’s loads and loads of things on offer! For example, a six night fitness and wellness break will include fitness sessions, Swedish massage, a wrap, a facial, a salt scrub, free entry to scheduled fitness classes and full use of spa facilities and the gym. What’s more, Cyprus is only around four and a half hours flight away depending where you fly from.

VISIT APHRODITE HILLS HOTEL






Share This



































Written by BonnieF



Related Posts






Spotlight on Zafiro Palace Alcudia 5*


November 30, 2017







A solo spa break at Castilla Termal Balneario de Solares 4*


November 27, 2017







Spotlight on Four Seasons Hotel Gresham Palace Budapest


November 24, 2017









Leave a Reply
Cancel reply


Your email address will not be published.
Required fields are marked
*
Comment

Name
*


Email
*


Website














Search



Search for:






Recent Posts



Five European spa breaks for men



Spa treatments to fight the winter blues



How to have a healthy Christmas



Almar Jesolo Resort & Spa wins three awards at the World Luxury Hotel Awards



Lithuania’s unusual spa treatments






















Popular Posts
Look Forward to Lunch
March 8, 2013
Spotlight On ... Super Mum Spa Breaks
March 12, 2012
Why it works … Acupuncture
April 24, 2012

Top 10
Top 10 romantic autumn spa breaks
October 23, 2017
London’s top 10 spa breaks for afternoon tea
October 11, 2017
Top 10 spas for foodies
October 9, 2017

Spa treatments
Spa treatments to fight the winter blues
December 8, 2017
Lithuania's unusual spa treatments
December 6, 2017
Top spa treatments for couples
October 26, 2017





© 2001-2013. Spabreaks.com. All rights reserved.




















