
Partners | Spabreaks.com
















0800 043 6600






Speak to our
Spa Experts
now on …


0800 043 6600

1800 939 113 from Ireland














Last Minute

Book Online


Spa Breaks



England

Scotland

Wales

Ireland

Northern Ireland

Overseas Spa Holidays


Bookable Online

Special Offers

Corporate Spa




Spa Days



England

Scotland

Wales

Ireland

Northern Ireland


Bookable Online

Special Offers

Corporate Spa



Group/Hen

Gift Vouchers

Overseas


Inspiration



Groups & Hen

Special Offers

Couples

Afternoon Tea

Luxury

Pre-Natal

Exclusive Packages

Wellbeing Retreats

More inspiration




0800 043 6600

1800 939 113 from Ireland




Enquire Now










Partners

To help provide you with great value offers

Ranked number two in 2012's Fast Track 100 published by The Sunday
          Times, there are three things that separate Spabreaks.com from all
          other online spa booking experiences: product, people and pioneering
          ideas.  Operating in the UK and abroad, we offer low cost spa days
          and holidays for singletons, hen parties, groups and everyone in
          between as well as bootcamps, spa and theatre packages,
          recovery retreats, and special offers exclusive to our site!  So take
          a look around and find out which one suits you!






In 2012 Spabreaks.com was ranked number two in the Fast Track 100 published
        by The Sunday Times and sponsored by Virgin, but when it comes to understanding
        how we work, there is a lot to be said for that age old dictum that says you
        can tell a lot about someone by the company they keep.  For this reason, at
        Spabreaks.com we are particularly proud of our growing network of partner brands
        who work with us to provide a veritable feast (sometimes literally) of special
        offers to give customers’ spa breaks that extra flourish.

After all, if two brains are better than one, then imagine what you can do with
        a whole team of mega minds! … But rather than sit here spouting proverbs, why not
        get better acquainted with some of the wonderful people we work with, and if you
        are interested in getting involved, contact us at:
affiliates@spabreaks.com










Saving customers time and money,
yourgolftravel.com
is the go-to site
          for golf holidays across the world offering exclusive deals with some of the
          sport’s most famous resorts and a dedicated sales team to help match the
          individual to their ideal trip, meaning that the only thing clients need to worry
          about it their own game!






Sold in more than one hundred countries, the brand that takes its name from founders
          Guy Foubert and his wife Lilian has taken its winning formula of West African cocoa
          beans, cocoa butter and roasted hazelnut praline, combined it with delicately marbled
          and moulded crustacean shapes and made it a visual synonym for the best of Belgian
          chocolate.






A favourite amongst beauty professionals – which is always a good sign – professional
          nail care brand O.P.I is a family-owned business, ensuring salon quality with the help
          of a dedicated team of scientists, and a sense of humour through their amusingly
          entitled lacquers.






Having been conceived in Clapham in 1963, we have brothers Toni and Guy Mascolo
          to thank for the follically forward thinking TONI&GUY brand that we know today.
          Now a global franchise phenomenon, it remains a family business with their vision now
          realised on the high street and catwalks alike.






The brainchild of Liz and Mark Warom who were also behind the initial formation of
          Virgin Vie cosmetics, Temple Spa was born of a sabbatical spent travelling that saw
          the couple fall in love with the warm culture, environment and sumptuous organic
          ingredients that make up the Mediterranean diet and lifestyle. Their ethos revolves
          around the basic principle of ‘if you can put it into your body; why not put
          it onto your body?’






An all-encompassing nail care universe, Jessica Cosmetics was started in the 1970s by
          Jessica Vartoughian and has just kept on growing. A cacophony of products for manicures,
          pedicures and gel nail treatments, Vartoughian’s reputation has escalated so that
          she now boasts a multi-milllion dollar global empire and ranks amongst Hollywood favourites.






With eighteen years’ experience, Leighton Denny launched his own nail care brand
          in 2002 to highly polished industry applause. Now the chosen palette for more than three
          hundred spas and salons as well as the luxury retail market, Leighton Denny boasts a
          product range that includes all the paraphernalia for perfect nails as well as a line in
          tanning products suitable for all skin shades.






Young and growing as fast as its broadband speed can carry it, My Voucher Codes is
          the UKs largest website for online discounts and special offers, sharing promotional
          codes for more than two thousand internet based UK stores and helping customers find more
          for their money.






Blended with violets, rose petals and ten other botanicals to produce something of
          a floral scent and flavour, it is the colour of this unusual drink that has been turning
          heads since its launch in 2008. Served on its own or in a cocktail the concoction which has
          been honed to its final form by champion Scandinavian wine tasters is certainly the drink
          du jour with a serious rose tinted twist.






Founded by Spanish aesthetician Carmen Vidal, Germaine de Capuccini incorporates the
          international prestige of using beauty secrets learned in Algiers, and honed in Paris
          with ‘Green Chemistry’ that embraces organic ingredients and rejects animal
          testing.  They take responsible cosmetics into a different league entirely, and as if
          that wasn’t enough, they also actively plant trees to offset any small amount of
          carbon produced.






Bringing boutique producers to the mass market, Virgin Wines – an offshoot of the omnipotent
          Virgin brand offers selections and savings on handcrafted wines from across the globe.






Swiss brand Jüstrich Cosmetics specialise in natural herbal bodycare with their
          signature Nahrin range.  Working from the inside out they offer a top-to-toe bodily
          experience ranging from essential oils and moisturisers to vitamins and supplements
          designed to add a little natural luxury into a modern lifestyle.






Having cherry-picked results driven, high performing products, Works of Beauty is a
          website offering everything from hair care to make-up to skincare derived from their
          long-standing technical knowledge of the health and beauty industries.






Turning every day experiences into meaningful rituals provides the ethos for a brand which
          takes inspiration from historic traditions across the globe to make everything from your
          morning shower to the washing up into something to enjoy.






A personalised service that brings you the glitz of Bond Street a fraction of the price,
          diamond specialist Dirk Odendaal promises to source the ‘biggest diamond for your money’
          in his bespoke jewellery collection.






Having helped millions of people to lose weight around the world over the past 35
          years, Weight Watchers is the go-to brand for manageable lifestyle changes that has enjoyed a
          celebrity following including Catherine Zeta Jones and Kate Winslet.






Believing that beauty is about emotion, discovery and inspiration, Glossybox  aim to give
          their customers the first opportunity to experience the latest in beauty products and trends
          each month.






The leading luxury British spa and skincare brand, Elemis has attained an international
          reputation for excellence, and its award-winning range of results-driven formulations.






Founded by Aude Dupont Dudley, Blossoms Syrups specialises in natural syrups based on the
          traditional French ‘sirops’, free from added colourings, preservatives and aromas.  Designed
          as a base for cocktails, as a cooking ingredient, or a special twist on your ice cream, they
          are full of fruit, and already proving a favourite in high end restaurants across the country.














Thank you for signing up! A confirmation email is on its way.


Hmm, something went wrong...Please contact us directly on
newsletter@spabreaks.com
.






First name




Last name




Email




Region



Region

North East

North West

East Midlands

West Midlands

London

South East

South West

Scotland

Ireland

Wales




Get the latest deals









Book with confidence... we are Europe's no.1 spa break specialist!





Enquire Now









About Us


About us

Careers

Spa Etiquette

Corporate Spa

Partners

Contact us

Terms & Conditions

Home



Our Spas



Spas in Europe

Spas in Scotland

Spas in Wales

Spas in London

Spas in Manchester

Spas in Kent

Spas in Surrey


Spas in Essex

Spas in North Yorkshire

Spas in North West

Spas in South East

Spas in North East

Spas in South West

Spas in West Midlands




Sales Opening Hours


Monday–Friday

9am–7pm

Saturday

9am–5pm

Sunday

Closed



Sat 23rd Dec

9am–3pm

Sun 24th Dec–Tue 26th Dec

Closed

Wed 27th Dec–Fri 29th Dec

9am–5pm

Sat 30th Dec

9am–3pm

Sun 31st Dec–Mon 1st Jan

Closed


Overseas Sales Opening Hours


Monday–Friday

9am–5.30pm

Saturday–Sunday

Closed








































© 2001 - 2017
        Spabreaks.com (part of the Palatinate Group).
        First Floor, Clerks Court, 18-20 Farringdon Lane, London, EC1R 3AU











Questions? Feedback?
powered by
Olark live chat software


