
Spa Etiquette - Frequently Asked Questions about Spa Breaks
















0800 043 6600






Speak to our
Spa Experts
now on …


0800 043 6600

1800 939 113 from Ireland














Last Minute

Book Online


Spa Breaks



England

Scotland

Wales

Ireland

Northern Ireland

Overseas Spa Holidays


Bookable Online

Special Offers

Corporate Spa




Spa Days



England

Scotland

Wales

Ireland

Northern Ireland


Bookable Online

Special Offers

Corporate Spa



Group/Hen

Gift Vouchers

Overseas


Inspiration



Groups & Hen

Special Offers

Couples

Afternoon Tea

Luxury

Pre-Natal

Exclusive Packages

Wellbeing Retreats

More inspiration




0800 043 6600

1800 939 113 from Ireland




Enquire Now












Spa Etiquette

Frequently asked questions…

Going to a spa is a wonderful way to relax – we should know, but if you
              have never been before and there are questions that you want to ask but
              don’t feel able to … don’t worry, everyone has them!









So, to put your mind at rest we thought we would answer a few of the most
        popular questions that we are asked by our customers – and if you have any
        more, simply mention it your sales consultant when booking your spa break
        or email us at
info@spabreaks.com
!

Is it safe to go on a spa break if I am pregnant?

In your first trimester there are a lot of things that you should avoid
        at a spa including the Jacuzzi, sauna and steam room and steer clear of
        aromatherapy and anything that puts pressure on the stomach – so massage
        is best avoided.  However, there are lots of other, gentle treatments
        you cans still enjoy including facials, manicures, pedicures and head
        massages. After the first thirteen weeks you can branch out a bit – it
        is always a little dependent on the individual pregnancy, but it should
        be ok to use most facilities at this stage.  Nonetheless, still avoid
        over stimulating treatments like aromatherapy and deep tissue massages.
        For any special considerations consult your doctor before coming along,
        and if in doubt, ask a therapist!  Otherwise, have fun, because there
        are lots of pre-natal treatments and packages available just for you!

Are there any other times where going to a spa might cause problems?

If you have recently been severely ill or had surgery it is best to check
        with your doctor before booking a spa day, however it is particularly
        important to mention if you currently have or have had treatment for
        cancer within the past two years.  Spas are notoriously nervous about
        treating customers who have cancer and if you arrive on the day without
        telling them about it, the likelihood is that you will be refused treatment.
        It is for this reason that Spabreaks.com has pioneered Recovery Retreats,
        which are specifically designed for anyone who is suffering with the
        disease and provide a safe, discreet break – for more information visit
        the website or contact the team, and for a customer review visit our
Hot Tub Blog
.

Do venues have treatments for teenagers?

Some venues will operate a policy of only allowing customers aged 18
        years and over, and we will be able to advise you on this when booking.
        In terms of treatments, most places will offer teenagers less than 16
        years old basic treatments such as mini-manicures or pedicures, however
        they do always have to be accompanied by an adult.

What should I wear on my spa break?

Aside from checking whether the restaurant requires a dress code, a spa
        day is about being relaxed; so wear something comfortable, take a
        swimming costume (or two – one to swim in, and one to have your
        treatments in because it’s horrid having a massage in a cold, wet bikini)
        and a pair of flip flops; and find out whether the spa provides robes,
        towels and slippers before you go!

What should I wear to have my treatment?

Oh the horror of wondering to what extent you need to strip off for your
        treatment!  Well, for most of your day you will probably be in your
        swimming costume, a robe and slippers anyway, so when you head to your
        treatment it is best to stay that way (although as we have already said,
        we do recommend putting a dry swimming costume on if you have been in the
        pool – merely for comfort’s sake).  A therapist will usually tell you
        what to keep on or take off, but if you are not comfortable or are unsure
        – speak up!  It is also perfectly acceptable to wear your underwear for
        your treatment.

When should I arrive and what time do I need to leave on my spa day or
        break?

Helpfully this varies from venue to venue, and you will be advised of a
        check-in time when you book.  However, most spa days ask you to arrive
        any time from 10am, and you are free to use facilities all the way up
        until closing time.  On overnight breaks, check-in is usually around 3pm
        and check-out is from 11am; however if you would like to use the
        facilities before or after those times, most venues will be happy to
        accommodate you.

From a personal point of view, we recommend you try to have some time in
        the spa before your treatments – partially because time in the sauna,
        steam room and pool will allow products to work to their optimum effect,
        and partially because it doesn’t hurt on the psychological front to have
        a bit of preparatory down time!

Can I bring my dog?

This is very venue dependent, and as always we will be able to help you
        with this at the time of booking. Some venues are happy to accommodate
        dogs, however there may be a surcharge for them.

Can I book extra treatments with my spa package?

Yes, of course! Just ask your sales consultant at the time of booking!

Should I book a time for dinner or lunch?

Yes, the restaurants at most venues get booked up in advance so it’s a
        good idea to book your meals in at the same time as booking your package.

If I have any special dietary requirements, can they be accommodated?

Yes, absolutely, just advise your sales consultant at the time of booking.

If I am not happy during my treatment or with part of my spa day what
        should I do?

One of the most common concerns we come across is what to do if you are
        not enjoying your treatment or if something is not what you were hoping
        for … is it ok to interrupt a therapist mid-massage?  … Yes!
        Absolutely – a spa day is all about you and all spas would rather you
        spoke up sooner rather than later because that way they can do something
        about it!  Alternatively, if you would rather speak to a member of the
        Spabreaks.com team feel free to contact us directly on
customerservice@spabreaks.com
.













Thank you for signing up! A confirmation email is on its way.


Hmm, something went wrong...Please contact us directly on
newsletter@spabreaks.com
.






First name




Last name




Email




Region



Region

North East

North West

East Midlands

West Midlands

London

South East

South West

Scotland

Ireland

Wales




Get the latest deals









Book with confidence... we are Europe's no.1 spa break specialist!





Enquire Now









About Us


About us

Careers

Spa Etiquette

Corporate Spa

Partners

Contact us

Terms & Conditions

Home



Our Spas



Spas in Europe

Spas in Scotland

Spas in Wales

Spas in London

Spas in Manchester

Spas in Kent

Spas in Surrey


Spas in Essex

Spas in North Yorkshire

Spas in North West

Spas in South East

Spas in North East

Spas in South West

Spas in West Midlands




Sales Opening Hours


Monday–Friday

9am–7pm

Saturday

9am–5pm

Sunday

Closed



Sat 23rd Dec

9am–3pm

Sun 24th Dec–Tue 26th Dec

Closed

Wed 27th Dec–Fri 29th Dec

9am–5pm

Sat 30th Dec

9am–3pm

Sun 31st Dec–Mon 1st Jan

Closed


Overseas Sales Opening Hours


Monday–Friday

9am–5.30pm

Saturday–Sunday

Closed








































© 2001 - 2017
        Spabreaks.com (part of the Palatinate Group).
        First Floor, Clerks Court, 18-20 Farringdon Lane, London, EC1R 3AU











Questions? Feedback?
powered by
Olark live chat software


