
Spa Vouchers & Spa Gifts For The Ultimate Spa Day
















0800 043 6600






Speak to our
Spa Experts
now on …


0800 043 6600

1800 939 113 from Ireland














Last Minute

Book Online


Spa Breaks



England

Scotland

Wales

Ireland

Northern Ireland

Overseas Spa Holidays


Bookable Online

Special Offers

Corporate Spa




Spa Days



England

Scotland

Wales

Ireland

Northern Ireland


Bookable Online

Special Offers

Corporate Spa



Group/Hen

Gift Vouchers

Overseas


Inspiration



Groups & Hen

Special Offers

Couples

Afternoon Tea

Luxury

Pre-Natal

Exclusive Packages

Wellbeing Retreats

More inspiration




0800 043 6600

1800 939 113 from Ireland




Enquire Now












24 HOUR SPECIAL: Save 10% on all Gift Vouchers and receive a FREE Bannantyne Gift Set worth £15 - CODE: BAG10





Spabreaks.com offers a variety of vouchers to suit your individual needs. Monetary vouchers come in many denominations and can be redeemed against any Spabreaks.com package. Spa Choice vouchers are valid for a spa day or spa break at selected venues and allow the recipient to choose their ideal venue when they book.

Or you can simply pick a package at your favourite venue and select the option to buy it as a voucher. You can choose whether you'd like to receive it as a gift card, in a luxury gift box, or as an emailed PDF.

*Please note vouchers that have a discount applied cannot be redeemed within 7 days of purchase
*Gift Packs will be sent out within 2 weeks of purchase








Select the perfect spa gift






For a specific gift


Package experience



Search for a spa the recipient may like

Choose any package as a voucher

Recipient can change if they like








For traditional simplicity


Monetary value



Use at over 700 spa venues

Add any value you want from £25

Recipient can redeem against any package




£25

£50

£100

£200

£250

£300

£500

Other










For freedom of choice


Spa Choice



Spa Day & Break experiences

No monetary value shown on gift

Use at over
75 venues nationwide




Spa Day for 1 - £59.95

Spa Day for 2 - £109.95

Spa Break for 2 - £199.00














Delivery Options

we can have your gift delivered with style!






Luxury Sleeve


1-3 days







Gift box


1-3 days







e-Voucher


Instantly












Frequently Asked Questions


What will I get with a monetary voucher by post?

Post a gift voucher to your special someone and they will receive a gift
              voucher pack printed on high quality card, and containing a message of your
              choice. The voucher can be redeemed against any package on the Spabreaks.com
              website by telephone. The vouchers are posted via signed for next day
              delivery.

What will I get with a monetary voucher by email?

Email a monetary voucher to someone and they will receive an email with a
              downloadable PDF attachment of a voucher like the one below, showing the
              value of the gift they have been treated to, a message of your choice, and
              instructions on how to redeem the voucher. We can send the voucher directly
              to the recipient or if you'd prefer we'll send it to you to print out or
              forward on.

What will I get with a spa experience voucher via email?

The recipient of a package voucher will receive an email with a downloadable
              PDF attachment of a voucher like the one below, containing full details of
              the package that they have been treated to, and instructions on how to
              redeem the voucher. You can choose to add a message to the voucher and we'll
              show you a preview before you confirm your choice. We can send the voucher
              directly to the recipient or if you'd prefer we'll send it to you to forward
              on.

How long are Spabreaks.com vouchers valid for?

10 months from the date of purchase.

Any vouchers purchased before the 10th September 2014 are only valid for 6
              months as stated at the time of purchase.

What denominations of Spabreaks.com Gift Vouchers can I buy?

The Spabreaks.com Gift Voucher is available in £50 denominations.

Can I use a Spabreaks.com Gift Voucher on any venue?

Yes, the Spabreaks.com Gift Voucher can be redeemed at any of the venues we
              sell.

If I buy a Spabreaks.com Experience Voucher and the recipient wants to go
              to a different venue can they change it?

Yes, we are happy to honour the voucher for any other venue should the
              recipient wish to change it. If the alternative experience is more expensive
              than that purchased, then this must be paid at time of booking.

What happens once I have made my voucher booking?

Once you have made your booking, you will receive an email confirmation with
              all the details of your booking on it. You do not need to send the voucher
              to us.

How long will my voucher take to be delivered?

If you have selected a Spabreaks.com Experience Voucher or Spabreaks.com
              Gift Voucher then the voucher will be emailed to you immediately once
              payment is confirmed. If you would prefer to have your Gift Voucher, or Spa
              Break in a box mailed to you, this will be done the same day if ordered
              before 4pm, however we would advise you to allow three working days for
              postage.

Can I amend my order, or send it to a different address?

Vouchers have the option to be sent to a different email or shipping address
              if required, the purchaser will still receive an emailing confirming the
              voucher details.

How far in advance do I need to book to be able to use my voucher?

There is no restriction on how far out you need to book with your voucher,
              however it must be done so within the validity period of it, and we would
              recommend booking early to avoid disappointment.

Can I redeem my voucher for internet bookings?

Unfortunately not, however our expert sales team are on hand to offer
              assistance in booking any experiences, so please call us on 0800 043 6600 to
              make your booking.

Can I exchange my voucher?

The Spabreaks.com Gift Voucher can be redeemed at any of the venues on our
              site, and the Spabreaks.com Experience Voucher whilst booked for a specific
              experience, can be changed to an alternative, however if there is any
              additional cost then this must be paid at the time of booking.

The Date on the Package is different to the expiry date shown?

All vouchers are valid for 6 months and must be used before the expiry date
              shown, the date of the package shows you when the venue is offering this
              package and is not the validity date of the voucher. If the package expires
              you are able to transfer the value of your voucher to any other package on
              the Spabreaks.com website.

I've lost my voucher, can I have a replacement?

A replacement voucher can be emailed through to you upon request. There will
              be a £5 charge for a replacement voucher to be mailed to your address.

Can I extend the validity of my voucher?

Vouchers can be extended for £20 per voucher if requested before the expiry
              date stated on the voucher. The voucher will then be valid for an additional
              10 months from the date stated on your initial voucher.

Can I have a refund?

All Spabreaks.com vouchers are completely non-refundable.

Can I combine the value of two or more vouchers?

All vouchers are combinable, if the experience is more expensive than the
              vouchers purchased, then this must be paid at time of booking. If there is
              additional value left over after using your voucher this amount will remain
              valid to use until the expiry date shown.

My order hasn't arrived, what shall I do?

Please contact our voucher team on 0800 043 6600 who can assist with your
              request. Replacement vouchers can be issued as stated above.


Read more


Terms & Conditions

Vouchers that have a discount applied cannot be redeemed within 7 days of
            purchase. The value of package vouchers may be redeemed against any
            package on the Spabreaks.com website.


Full terms and conditions
















Thank you for signing up! A confirmation email is on its way.


Hmm, something went wrong...Please contact us directly on
newsletter@spabreaks.com
.






First name




Last name




Email




Region



Region

North East

North West

East Midlands

West Midlands

London

South East

South West

Scotland

Ireland

Wales




Get the latest deals









Book with confidence... we are Europe's no.1 spa break specialist!





Enquire Now









About Us


About us

Careers

Spa Etiquette

Corporate Spa

Partners

Contact us

Terms & Conditions

Home



Our Spas



Spas in Europe

Spas in Scotland

Spas in Wales

Spas in London

Spas in Manchester

Spas in Kent

Spas in Surrey


Spas in Essex

Spas in North Yorkshire

Spas in North West

Spas in South East

Spas in North East

Spas in South West

Spas in West Midlands




Sales Opening Hours


Monday–Friday

9am–7pm

Saturday

9am–5pm

Sunday

Closed



Sat 23rd Dec

9am–3pm

Sun 24th Dec–Tue 26th Dec

Closed

Wed 27th Dec–Fri 29th Dec

9am–5pm

Sat 30th Dec

9am–3pm

Sun 31st Dec–Mon 1st Jan

Closed


Overseas Sales Opening Hours


Monday–Friday

9am–5.30pm

Saturday–Sunday

Closed








































© 2001 - 2017
        Spabreaks.com (part of the Palatinate Group).
        First Floor, Clerks Court, 18-20 Farringdon Lane, London, EC1R 3AU













Questions? Feedback?
powered by
Olark live chat software


