
Terms & Conditions | Spabreaks.com
















0800 043 6600






Speak to our
Spa Experts
now on …


0800 043 6600

1800 939 113 from Ireland














Last Minute

Book Online


Spa Breaks



England

Scotland

Wales

Ireland

Northern Ireland

Overseas Spa Holidays


Bookable Online

Special Offers

Corporate Spa




Spa Days



England

Scotland

Wales

Ireland

Northern Ireland


Bookable Online

Special Offers

Corporate Spa



Group/Hen

Gift Vouchers

Overseas


Inspiration



Groups & Hen

Special Offers

Couples

Afternoon Tea

Luxury

Pre-Natal

Exclusive Packages

Wellbeing Retreats

More inspiration




0800 043 6600

1800 939 113 from Ireland




Enquire Now









Terms and Conditions



DEFINITIONS



ACCURACY AND INFORMATION



SPABREAKS.COM LTD PAYMENT TERMS



ACCEPTED FORMS OF PAYMENTS



BOOKING ONLINE



PRICE



GROUP BOOKINGS



BOOKING CONFIRMATION



DRESS CODE



TREATMENT TIMES



OUR DESCRIPTIONS



ADDITIONAL BOOKING INFORMATION



BEHAVIOUR



CANCELLATIONS



AMENDMENTS



PRICE CHANGES



VOUCHERS



PASSPORTS, VISAS AND HEALTH REQUIREMENTS



INSURANCE



SPECIAL REQUESTS AND MEDICAL PROBLEMS



COMPLAINTS



LIABILITY



EXTRAS



CHANGES AND CANCELLATIONS BY US



FORCE MAJEURE



YOUR FINANCIAL PROTECTION



OUR RESPONSIBILITY



ENGLISH LAW





1. DEFINITIONS

The following terms have specific meaning:


'we'
,
'us'
and
'our'
refers to Spabreaks.com Ltd.

'you'
or
'your'
refers to a potential or actual client of
      Spabreaks.com Ltd.

'venue'
refers to any one of our spa partners.



2. ACCURACY AND INFORMATION

Spabreaks.com Ltd has taken all care to ensure published information and
      prices are accurate however if we identify an error or omission following
      publication, we will inform you before confirming your booking. The revised
      information will then form part of your contract. If an error or omission
      is discovered after your booking is made, we will always try to advise you
      prior to your visit. Whilst very rare, in recognition that human error may
      arise with regards to the verbal information provided to you, these booking
      conditions will always take precedence in these instances.



3. SPABREAKS.COM LTD PAYMENT TERMS

A deposit of £20 per person must be paid at the time of booking to
      secure a booking. We may also be required to ask for additional deposit
      amount for certain bookings where we need to pre-pay an additional sum to
      secure your booking.

UK and Ireland Bookings: The balance of your booking must be paid no later
      than five weeks before the date your contracted break is due to commence.

For European and Rest of the World bookings:
      For bookings of 9 people or under the balance of your booking must be
      paid no later than 8 weeks before the date of your contracted break is
      due to commence. For bookings of 10 or more people please note the
      Hotel Payment Terms will be adhered to and a larger deposit,
      plus further down payments, may be required.

If the balance is not paid by the due date, we reserve the right to cancel
      your booking and retain your deposit.



4. ACCEPTED FORMS OF PAYMENTS

Spabreaks.com Ltd accepts the following forms of payment:

(i) Credit/debit cards - Visa, MasterCard, Maestro, American Express, Switch,
      Electron, Solo and Delta. Please note that all payments made by credit card
      carry a 2.5% handling charge. Debit cards do not carry a handling charge.
(ii) Personal/company cheques made payable to "Spabreaks.com Ltd".
(iii) Bank Transfers are accepted on balances over £1000.



5. BOOKING ONLINE

Please arrive at the spa/hotel at least 30 minutes before the scheduled
      start time of your treatments, as arriving late may mean you miss your
      appointment that may prevent you from being able to make the most of your
      spa day.

Bookings are non refundable and can not be amended. If for any reason you
      do not turn up for your experience then you forfeit the entire cost of the
      experience.

Please remember to take your Spabreaks.com Ltd booking confirmation with you.
      If you do not take these documents with you then you run the risk of not
      being able to receive your spa day in full, or may cause payment to be
      taken again due to proof of purchase.

Should any of the details listed be incorrect or if you have any questions
      about the booking, please call one of our friendly Spabreaks.com Ltd online
      bookings team on 0800 043 6600.

It is the responsibility of the client to contact the venue to confirm
      treatment times.



6. PRICE

All prices quoted by Spabreaks.com Ltd are 'from prices' and per person
      based on twin/double occupancy for overnight stays. Prices are subject to
      availability and can change accordingly. Single rooms are available at all
      hotels however they often carry a supplement. We reserve the right to
      increase the price of any spa break advertised on our website.



7. GROUP BOOKINGS

For group bookings of 8 or more passengers there will be a £10
      amendment fee applied for any reduction in the number of passengers
      attending the spa experience. This will be applied each time a reduction
      is made.

Our standard £25 administration fee will be applied for any date or
      venue change made to the booking.

Group bookings must be paid for by one individual and cannot be paid
      separately. Spabreaks.com Ltd may offer some flexibility with regards to
      payment options, but also reserve the right to remove this flexibility at
      any time.



8. BOOKING CONFIRMATION

On receipt of your payment via the methods stated in (3), we will email
      confirmation of your booking with Spabreaks.com Ltd. Where appropriate,
      the confirmation will clearly state the balance to be paid and the date by
      which it is due. Please check the confirmation carefully to make sure that
      all your booking details are all correct. Contact your Spa Booking
      Consultants if your confirmation appears to be incorrect or incomplete and
      we will endeavour to make the necessary changes. Spabreaks.com Ltd reserves
      the right to make changes to and correct errors after bookings have been
      confirmed. Spabreaks.com Ltd are unable to accept liability for any errors
      and omissions that are not highlighted to us prior to arrival, and the
      client remains responsible for any additional costs or changes that occur
      as a result.



9. DRESS CODE

We cannot accept any responsibility in any ruling by the venue if you or
      any of your group is unable to use the leisure facilities or receive spa
      treatments due to inappropriate attire. Please check before you travel
      that your group is aware of the appropriate attire.



10. TREATMENT TIMES

Spa Venues reserve the right to alter confirmed treatment times and on
      occasions this can occur without prior notice to the client or Spabreaks.com
      Ltd. If your confirmed venue cancel your reservation or treatment times,
      they will do their best to make alternative arrangements during your visit,
      although any such changes would not constitute any entitlement to a refund.
      Where notification of an enforced change has been provided to us,
      we will assist as best we can to find a suitable alternative, although you
      will be charged or refunded for any difference in the original cost.
      Such changes do not entitle you to cancel a spa break or part of a package.



11. OUR DESCRIPTIONS

All clients are prompted to review our website description details for
      their chosen or booked property and also check our booking conditions to
      ensure they are fully familiar with the facilities and suitability of the
      services offered by the venue. Spabreaks.com Ltd will not accept responsibility
      for any expectations or requirements of facilities that are not noted
      within our website information.

The descriptions of the hotels and spas and other aspects of the venues are
      based on opinions gained on site visits and on the opinions of hotels
      themselves. We are not always able to exercise control over all the
      components of the booking arrangements and it is possible that an advertised
      amenity be withdrawn or changed due to various reasons such as renovation
      work, breakdown etc. We will advise you if we become aware of a major change
      but neither the venue nor Spabreaks.com Ltd will accept liability for any
      loss of enjoyment, damage or inconvenience in such circumstances.

We describe our hotels in 3 categories; Leisure Break, Hotel Spa Break and
      Health Spa Venue.

Leisure Break venues - The venue has a range of leisure facilities and
      treatments, but is not a specialised spa. Children will have access to some
      facilities and may also have specific swimming times. Usually a family
      friendly venue and guests can experience an atmosphere consistent with this.

Hotel Spa – The venue offers good standard of accommodation and facilities
      to relax and unwind but is not a specialised spa. Children may have access
      to some facilities and may also have specific swimming times. Usually a
      family friendly venue and guests may experience an atmosphere consistent
      with this.

Health Spa Venue - A venue offering the complete spa experience. Usually
      adult only, offering a relaxed atmosphere in peaceful surroundings.

Please note that photos represent some of the accommodation offered and may
      not relate to the accommodation booked.



12. ADDITIONAL BOOKING INFORMATION

All bookings will be subject to the venue's own terms & conditions whilst
      in resort.

Bookings that include dining as part of the package, may be subject to
      restricted menu options or a specific spend allowance.

Triple rooms may consist of 2 double beds or a double and a rollaway bed
      or 3 separate beds, either option may also impact on the room space
      available.

Unless specifically advertised, treatments are restricted to over 18s only.

Most specialised spas will provide robes and slippers as standard, and
      some venues may offer robes for a small hire charge, however, not all
      venues will provide robes as part of the package booked.

12.1. DISCOUNTS


a)
Voucher/Discount must be applied at the time of booking and cannot be
      applied retrospectively.


b)
Only one voucher/discount can be applied per booking.


c)
Vouchers are not transferrable.


d)
Can only be used on overnight spa breaks. Not applicable on spa day bookings.


e)
Only applicable for Call centre bookings and voucher purchases,
      not applicable for instant online bookings.



13. BEHAVIOUR

Throughout your booking with Spabreaks.com Ltd you accept full liability
      for any damage or loss caused by you or any member of your group.



14. CANCELLATIONS

UK and Ireland bookings

It is possible to cancel your spa break at any time up until 35 days prior
      to travel, providing that the person who originally booked the spa break
      sends us both written confirmation by email and ALSO speaks to a consultant
      on the phone to confirm this. The £20pp deposit will also be retained in
      this instance as an administration fee. Bookings cancelled with less than
      35 days to go before travel will result in the loss of all monies paid at
      that time. Please note that in all cases of cancellation the £20 per person
      deposit is non refundable.

International Bookings

It is possible to cancel your spa break at any time up until 56 days prior
      to travel, providing that the person who originally booked the spa break
      sends us both written confirmation by email and ALSO speaks to a consultant
      on the phone to confirm this. The £20pp deposit will also be retained in
      this instance as an administration fee. Bookings cancelled with less than
      56 days to go before travel will result in the loss of all monies paid at
      that time. Please note that in all cases of cancellation the £20 per person
      deposit is non refundable.

All bookings are subject to Spabreaks.com’s cancellation policy, hotel
      cancellation policies are not applicable.



15. AMENDMENTS

Any changes to an existing booking that are made after receipt of booking
      confirmation will be charged at £25 per change and are subject to the
      hotel's individual amendment and cancellation policies.

For group bookings of 8 or more passengers there will be a £10
      amendment fee applied for any reduction in the number of passengers
      attending the spa experience. This will be applied each time a reduction
      is made.



16. PRICE CHANGES

Should there be any increase in the cost to us, caused by currency exchange
      rate fluctuations, Government action, or changes in air or ferry fares, we
      will only absorb 5% change. You will be required to meet any increase
      between 5% and 10%. If we have to increase the price of your break by
      more than 10%, you will have the option of continuing with the break
      arrangements and meeting the extra costs (above 5%) or of cancelling with
      a refund of any money you have paid to us, except any charges you have
      incurred for amendments. If you decide to cancel the break, you must do
      so within seven working days of the issue of the revised Confirmation of
      Booking Invoice.



17. VOUCHERS

17.1. CONTRACT

Spabreaks.com Ltd operates and manages the web site
www.spabreaks.com
and
      trades in the United Kingdom under the name and branding of Spabreaks.com Ltd.
      The contract for the gift voucher spa experience is between you and
      Spabreaks.com Ltd, but please note the fulfilment of the spa experience is
      by a third party supplier.

17.2. VOUCHER

All voucher purchases are subject to a 14 day 'cooling off' period, and
      can be requested to be cancelled and refunded (if not redeemed) within
      14 days of the original purchase date. Beyond this point all vouchers
      are non refundable.

Vouchers must be used at the time of booking and cannot be used to pay for
      final balances or outstanding amounts on pre-standing bookings.

Vouchers that have a discount applied cannot be redeemed within 7 days of
      purchase. If you have a specific date it is advised to book this directly
      with our sales team on 0800 043 6600. If you have purchased a voucher with a
      discount, you are able to redeem within 7 days if the discount amount is
      paid upon booking.

Only one discounted voucher can be used per booking. If multiple discounted
      vouchers have been purchased, only the first voucher will be redeemable at
      its full value. Any further vouchers will only be redeemable at the cash
      value paid and any remaining balance will have to be settled before the
      booking is made.

The unique identification code/booking reference on your gift voucher must
      be given to Spabreaks.com Ltd before you can commence the booking.

A monetary voucher allows you to redeem against any packages offered on the
www.spabreaks.com
website
      at the time of redemption. If there is any value left over from a package,
      this value can be used towards another package on the
www.spabreaks.com
website
      provided it is used by the stated expiry date.

17.3. BOOKING

It is essential to contact Spabreaks.com Ltd to pre-arrange a date for your
      spa experience. If you arrive unannounced you will not be able to redeem the
      voucher and participate in the spa experience. Spabreaks.com Ltd recommends
      booking at least six to eight weeks in advance to ensure that dates are
      available before the expiry dates listed on the voucher. This is only a
      guideline and Spabreaks.com Ltd recommends you book as early as possible to
      avoid disappointment.

If a voucher is bought for a specific package and that package is
      unavailable on your required dates, the value of the voucher can be redeemed
      against any other available package on the
www.spabreaks.com
website
      (subject to availability). Spabreaks.com Ltd does not have control of
      external availability and subsequently cannot offer a refund(s) of the cost
      of the voucher if your chosen spa package is unavailable.

All package prices are subject to change depending on availability.

17.4. EXPIRY DATE

The expiry date is clearly stated on the voucher and is non-negotiable.

All vouchers are valid for 10 months therefore should be booked
      before the expiry date on the voucher.

Any vouchers purchased before the 10th September 2014 are only valid for 6
      months as stated at the time of purchase.

Vouchers must be redeemed prior to the expiry date, although the booking
      arrival date can fall beyond this date.

All vouchers can be extended for a further 10 months for an additional
      £20 fee if requested before the expiry date shown.

17.5. CANCELLATIONS

UK and Ireland


a)
Should a venue cancel a spa experience booking, Spabreaks.com Ltd
      will allow you to use your voucher at an alternative venue on our website.


b)
If a client cancels within 35 days of travel then the entire value
      of the gift voucher will be lost. If a client cancels outside of the 35 days
      then the value of the gift voucher, minus a £20 per person cancellation
      fee will remain available to redeem.

International Bookings


a)
Should a venue cancel a spa experience booking, Spabreaks.com Ltd
      will allow you to use your voucher at an alternative venue on our website.


b)
If a client cancels within 56 days of travel then the entire value
      of the gift voucher will be lost. If a client cancels outside of the 56 days
      then the value of the gift voucher, minus a £20 per person cancellation
      fee will remain available to redeem.

17.6. LOSS OF VOUCHER

In the event of a lost voucher, Spabreaks.com Ltd can issue a new voucher
      for an administration fee of £25, subject to proof of purchase.

17.7. COMPLAINTS

The spa experience purchased by voucher is fulfilled by the supplier and not
      Spabreaks.com Ltd. Spabreaks.com Ltd has made every effort to monitor the
      services of the supplier but Spabreaks.com Ltd does not provide any warranty
      or guarantee as to the supplier’s performance or safety standards. If you
      have a complaint during your spa experience, please bring it to the attention
      of the supplier as soon as possible so that they can address the issue
      immediately. Any upheld complaints will not result in a cash refund, but may
      entitle the customer to an appropriate concession value payable by voucher.

17.8. EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY

Whilst Spabreaks.com Ltd makes every effort to monitor the experience
      fulfilled by the supplier, any liability incurred by the customer or the
      recipient caused by the supplier’s negligence is the responsibility of the
      supplier and not Spabreaks.com Ltd.

Spabreaks.com Ltd shall not be liable for the death or personal injury of the
      customer, recipient or third party while undertaking any treatment or
      activity provided by the supplier.

Spabreaks.com Ltd shall have no liability for damage to property,
      consequential loss or expenses suffered, which includes but is not limited
      to loss of anticipated earnings, profits, goodwill, reputation, business
      receipts or contracts, losses or expenses, resulting in third party claims.

17.9. STATUTORY RIGHTS

Nothing in these terms and conditions affects your statutory rights. These
      terms and conditions are subject to the law of England and Wales. All
      disputes shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts.

17.10. VOUCHER CODES

Promotional and Customer Service voucher codes cannot be used in conjunction
      with any other offers and only one voucher may be redeemed per booking. These
      vouchers can only be used for overnight spa break packages and cannot be used
      for day spa bookings.

Group incentive vouchers distributed for bookings of 8 or more during
      promotional periods can only be used for overnight spa break packages and
      cannot be used for day spa bookings.

17.11. MEDICAL CONDITIONS

Due to the nature of some of the spa experiences offered by Spabreaks.com Ltd,
      participating in certain treatment or activities may be harmful to your
      health. Therefore, the recipient of the voucher must notify the sales
      consultant at Spabreaks.com Ltd of any relevant medical conditions before
      booking a spa experience. They must also inform a representative at the venue
      before commencing any spa related activities or treatments of any medical
      conditions likely to affect them. Whilst we are happy to inform the venue
      of any specific dietary requirements, we cannot guarantee that these will
      be accommodated. It is suggested that any requirements be highlighted upon
      arrival.

For cancer sufferers or those undertaking chemotherapy we have dedicated
      recovery retreats with packages and treatments specially designed. Please
      ask a member of our team for further details.

If you have special requirements please ask a member of our team for further
      information on our accessible spas which highlight venues with facilities
      catering to a whole range of disabilities from impaired hearing and vision
      to mobility; and also offer spa packages where carers can join customers on
      a spa day and use the facilities free of charge.

17.12. High Street Store Gift Cards

All Gift Cards are non refundable.

All Gift Cards are valid for 12 months from date of purchase and cannot be extended.

Full balance of the Gift Card must be used at time of booking.

Store Gift Cards can be used towards final payment.

Gift cards must not be redeemed with any spa directly.



18. PASSPORTS, VISAS AND HEALTH REQUIREMENTS

A passport is necessary to travel to all European countries. Most European
      countries enjoy the same level of medical service as Great Britain however
      Spabreaks.com Ltd recommends all clients to obtain from their local DHSS
      office a copy of the booklet "Protect Your Health Abroad" the form E111 for
      presentation when seeking medical assistance abroad. The E111 entitles you;
      your spouse and your dependants to Free State provided or reduced cost
      emergency treatment. All passengers entering the USA from the UK now
      require a MRP (Machine Readable Passport).



19. INSURANCE

Spabreaks.com Ltd recommends you undertake travel insurance.



20. SPECIAL REQUESTS AND MEDICAL PROBLEMS

If you have any special requests or dietary requirements, you must advise
      us of these at the time of booking. Whilst we are happy to inform the venue
      of these, as we can not guarantee that these will be accommodated, it is
      suggested that any requirements be highlighted upon arrival. Although we
      will endeavour to meet any such requests we regret we cannot guarantee to
      do so.

Due to the nature of some of the spa experiences offered by Spabreaks.com Ltd,
      participating in certain treatment or activities may be harmful to your
      health. Therefore, the customer must notify the sales consultant at
      Spabreaks.com Ltd of any relevant medical conditions before booking a spa
      experience. They must also inform a representative at the venue before
      commencing any spa related activities or treatments of any medical
      conditions likely to affect them.



21. COMPLAINTS

Spabreaks.com Ltd acts as a Spa Recommendation Service for each of the
      properties we feature. If you have a complaint or experience any problems
      during your spa experience please inform the therapist or relevant
      supervisor immediately, as any elements of disappointment with treatments
      may not be able to be rectified after you have left the spa. We also
      recommend that you speak to the Hotel's General Manager to discuss any
      other areas of disappointment prior to departure. If you do not reach an
      acceptable resolution to your complaint prior to departure, please notify
      us in writing by email or letter within two weeks of your return.

Complaints can be sent by letter to:

Customer Service Dept
Spabreaks.com Limited
1st Floor, Clerks Court
18-20 Farringdon Lane
London
EC1R 3AU

Complaints by e-mail should be sent to:


customerservice@spabreaks.com


Please note: Spabreaks.com Ltd regret that due to the investigative process in
      dealing with any complaints, these cannot be dealt with over the phone. We
      allow up to 28 days from the date of receipt to provide a response and any
      details of an appropriate resolution to you.



22. LIABILITY

If you have any complaints concerning any services we provide you must
      inform us in writing by letter or email within 28 days of your departure
      date. Any assistance provided in resolving a complaint raised, in respect
      of your experiences at your booked venue, is provided on a goodwill basis
      and in our capacity as a Spa Recommendation Service. It will always remain
      the responsibility of the venue to agree and accept liability if appropriate
      and to provide any concession or refunds as they see fit and Spabreaks.com Ltd
      will not accept to influence their decisions in this regard. If you have a
      complaint concerning the specific services provided by Spabreaks.com Ltd, you
      must inform us immediately in writing within 28 days of your departure date.
      We regret we cannot accept any liability if we are not so notified. Our
      maximum liability to you if we are found to have been at fault in relation
      to any service we provide is limited to the commission we have earned or
      are due to earn in relation to the booking in question.

Whilst Spabreaks.com Ltd makes every effort to monitor the experience fulfilled
      by the supplier, any liability incurred by the customer or the recipient
      caused by the supplier’s negligence is the responsibility of the supplier
      and not Spabreaks.com Ltd.

Spabreaks.com Ltd shall not be liable for the death or personal injury of the
      customer, recipient or third party while undertaking any treatment or
      activity provided by the supplier.

Spabreaks.com Ltd shall have no liability for damage to property, consequential
      loss or expenses suffered, which includes but is not limited to loss of
      anticipated earnings, profits, goodwill, reputation, business receipts or
      contracts, losses or expenses, resulting in third party claims.



23. EXTRAS

Please note that all extra's consumed on site such as Food, Drink,
      Entertainment, additional Spa Treatments and Transport must be paid for by
      you and your booking with Spabreaks.com Ltd only includes the package set
      out in your confirmation email and invoice. We accept no liability for any
      charges you consume on site in relation to any extras outside of your
      package.



24. CHANGES AND CANCELLATIONS BY US

Spabreaks.com Ltd reserves the right to make changes to and correct errors
      on our website and in our brochure both before and after bookings have been
      confirmed.



25. FORCE MAJEURE

Spabreaks.com Ltd will not be liable for additional expenses incurred
      through travel delay, Acts of God, force majeure or events beyond our
      control. Force majeure is unusual and unforeseeable circumstances beyond
      our control such as war or threat of war, riots, civil unrest, terrorist
      activity, industrial disputes, natural or nuclear disaster, fire or
      adverse weather conditions.

The above will also apply to the liability of our spa venue partners.



26. YOUR FINANCIAL PROTECTION

Spabreaks.com Ltd hold an ATOL licence (10809) which means when you buy an
      ATOL protected flight or flight inclusive break from Spabreaks.com Ltd
      you will receive an ATOL Certificate. This lists what is financially
      protected, where you can get information on what this means for you and
      who to contact if things go wrong.

Spabreaks.com Ltd, or the suppliers identified on your ATOL Certificate,
      will provide you with the services listed on the ATOL Certificate (or a
      suitable alternative). In some cases, where neither Spabreaks.com Ltd nor
      the supplier are able to do so for reasons of insolvency, an alternative
      ATOL holder may provide you with the services you have bought or a
      suitable alternative (at no extra cost to you). You agree to accept that
      in those circumstances the alternative ATOL holder will perform those
      obligations and you agree to pay any money outstanding to be paid by you
      under your contract to that alternative ATOL holder. However, you also
      agree that in some cases it will not be possible to appoint an alternative
      ATOL holder, in which case you will be entitled to make a claim under the
      ATOL scheme (or your credit card issuer where applicable).

If Spabreaks.com Ltd, or the suppliers identified on your ATOL certificate,
      are unable to provide the services listed (or a suitable alternative,
      through an alternative ATOL holder or otherwise) for reasons of insolvency,
      the Trustees of the Air Travel Trust may make a payment to (or confer a
      benefit on) you under the ATOL scheme. You agree that in return for such a
      payment or benefit you assign absolutely to those Trustees any claims which
      you have or may have arising out of or relating to the non-provision of the
      services, including any claim against us, the travel agent (or your credit
      card issuer where applicable). You also agree that any such claims may be
      re-assigned to another body, if that other body has paid sums you have
      claimed under the ATOL scheme.



27. OUR RESPONSIBILITY

Spabreaks.com Ltd endeavour to make sure that all parts of the spa break
      are arranged, performed or provided with expertise and care. Our liability
      in all our bookings shall be limited to a maximum of the cost of your
      booking with Spabreaks.com Ltd.



28. ENGLISH LAW

Your booking with Spabreaks.com Ltd and all matters arising out of it are
      governed by English Law.



Last updated on 15/05/2017













Thank you for signing up! A confirmation email is on its way.


Hmm, something went wrong...Please contact us directly on
newsletter@spabreaks.com
.






First name




Last name




Email




Region



Region

North East

North West

East Midlands

West Midlands

London

South East

South West

Scotland

Ireland

Wales




Get the latest deals









Book with confidence... we are Europe's no.1 spa break specialist!





Enquire Now









About Us


About us

Careers

Spa Etiquette

Corporate Spa

Partners

Contact us

Terms & Conditions

Home



Our Spas



Spas in Europe

Spas in Scotland

Spas in Wales

Spas in London

Spas in Manchester

Spas in Kent

Spas in Surrey


Spas in Essex

Spas in North Yorkshire

Spas in North West

Spas in South East

Spas in North East

Spas in South West

Spas in West Midlands




Sales Opening Hours


Monday–Friday

9am–7pm

Saturday

9am–5pm

Sunday

Closed



Sat 23rd Dec

9am–3pm

Sun 24th Dec–Tue 26th Dec

Closed

Wed 27th Dec–Fri 29th Dec

9am–5pm

Sat 30th Dec

9am–3pm

Sun 31st Dec–Mon 1st Jan

Closed


Overseas Sales Opening Hours


Monday–Friday

9am–5.30pm

Saturday–Sunday

Closed








































© 2001 - 2017
        Spabreaks.com (part of the Palatinate Group).
        First Floor, Clerks Court, 18-20 Farringdon Lane, London, EC1R 3AU











Questions? Feedback?
powered by
Olark live chat software


