
Happy Gay Travel - Gay Tours Calendar 2017 / 2018
































Home





Destinations





Cruises





Group Cruises



Gay Sail




Tours & Packages





Low-Cost Flights





Car Rental





Flights


















Gay South Africa Tour 2017
Cape Town, Victoria Falls, Luxury Safari

See the most beautiful creatures you've ever seen in your life. Watch, in fascination, a myriad of mating rituals. Eat breakfast next to a wild beast having his night's hunt just a few feet away from you. And, that's just the gay scene in Cape Town! You also get to experience a 4 day all-inclusive safari in your own 5 star luxury chalet. It seems like everyone you know has been on a safari. Now it's your turn! Enjoying a gourmet dinner under the African sky and stars after an exhilarating safari is something you will take with you the rest of your life.




































Vietnam & Cambodia Gay Cruise




Join
Out Adventures
for an all-inclusive, all-lgbt journey, featuring the Temples of Angkor Wat and the mighty Mekong River.
January 3 - 15, 2018




New Zealand & Australia Gay Cruise




Spectacular Australia and New Zealand cruise heading into the 40th anniversary of Sydney’s legendary Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras.
February 18 – March 1, 2018



Mandalay Caribbean All-Gay Cruise




There’s no better way to explore the Caribbean than clothing optional all-gay sailing on a tall ship
Mandalay
under a full moon.
February 25 - March 3, 2018




Miami Beach Gay Pride Cruise 2018




Join 9th Annual Pride Cruise on a 5 Night Cruise sailing from Ocean Drive to Ocean with Pride, and  Cuba, on beautiful
Empress of the Seas

April 9 - 14, 2018




The Cruise European Gay Cruise '18




European gay cruise by La Demence on board of
Sovereign
offers you a unique Mediterranean cruise itinerary from/to Barcelona.
July 9 – 16, 2018



Croatia Deluxe Gay Cruise 2018




Spend eight unforgettable days cruising on the Adriatic Sea from one island to another, explore beautiful nature, hidden bays.
August 4 – 11, 2018



Rome to Barcelona Med Gay Cruise




Europe’s hottest all-gay cruise. Explore the stunning coasts of Italy, France, and Spain with 2100 guys onboard the spectacular
Constellation
.
August 4 – 11, 2018



Croatia Gay Deluxe Cruise 2018




A unique small ship gay cruise on brand new deluxe
Apolon
. Cruise along the charming Croatian coastline and islands from/to Split.
September 01 - 08, 2018



Pearls of the Adriatic Deluxe Gay Cruise 2018




Adriatic and Mediterranean gay cruise unlike any.
La Belle de L’Adriatique
will take you on a voyage along the Dalmatian coast.
September 25 - October 4, 2018




More Cruises...











Club Atlantis Puerto Vallarta 2017





Super-Deluxe in every way. Stunning rooms, breathtaking private beach.
												Incredible week at our favorite all-inclusive paradise.
November 5 – 12, 2017




Club Atlantis at Club Med Cancun




Get ready for a week filled with world-class sports, endless activities, and exciting entertainment. Waterskiing, sailing, tennis, or the flying trapeze, we've got it all at Club Atlantis.
April 28 – May 5, 2018





More Resorts...











Colombia Gay Group Tour 2018




Fall in love with Colombia's beauty. Escape to the land of magical realism, gastronomy, art, history, romance, emeralds, and coffee
January 12 - 20, 2018



Argentina & Iguacu Falls Gay Tour




Immerse yourself in the wine capital of Argentina and be impressed by the majesty of Iguazu Falls.
February 2 - 8, 2018



Australia & Sydney Mardi Gras 2018




A Gay Australia Cultural Tour Down Under, including Sydney’s Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras 2018! This is the trip of a lifetime!
February 23 - March 5, 2018



Vietnam & Cambodia Gay Tour




See some of the world's most beautiful scenery, eat some of the most inventive cuisine, and visit some of the world's most mystifying sites.
March 21 - 29, 2018



China Gay Tour 2018




Come to China for a once-in-a-lifetime trip combining culture, history, glamour, authentic cuisine, and 5 star accommodations throughout
April 5 - 15, 2018





More Tours...











Home

All-Gay Cruises

Gay Group Cruises

All-Gay Resorts

Gay Group Tours

Gay Events Group Tours

Comfort & Luxury Gay Group Tours

Active & Adventure Gay Group Tours

Individual Gay Tours

Happy Gay Destinations

Gay Hotels Worldwide

Travel Insurance

Low-Cost Flights

Links

Site Map



































Argentina Tour 2018 
  Gay Buenos Aires & Iguazu Falls
February 2 - 8, 2018
Buenos Aires, Argentina is a great gay destination! Known as the most gay friendly city in South America, Buenos Aires' heart boasts bustling streets, grand avenues, old-time cafes and stylish restaurants. Plus, gay people in Argentina enjoy the most liberal governmental policies in South America. It's great to be gay in Buenos Aires, and not just because of the attractive gay locals! You'll experience culture and charm in one of the most gay friendly, sophisticated cities in South America!

Gay Rio Carnival Tour 2018

February 9 - 14, 2018
Rio's Carnival is perhaps the world's most famous celebration. Carnival is a spectacular time to come to Rio de Janeiro, especially for gay travelers! There are several gay festivals including one in front of our hotel, and people joke that everyone seems a little gay during carnival! During Carnival, in addition to gay pool parties and large dance events, you can also join street festivals and parades all over the city; and there is an attitude of good will and harmony that pervades everything.

Rwanda & Tanzania Gay Safari Tour

October 10 - 20, 2017

This is a gay getaway unlike any other. It will be difficult to find an experience rivaling an encounter with a 400-pound gorilla while trekking through Africa’s Volcanoes National Park. The soul-stirring experience takes safari to a new level and it alone is worth the journey to eastern Africa. 11 days through Rwanda and Tanzania with endless opportunity for jaw-dropping, breath-taking, and memory-making. Look forward to sunsets with cocktails and five-star treehouses. Prepare to explore the home of Africa’s great migration. Pack your camera and brace yourself for the trip of a lifetime.

Australia & Sydney Mardi Gras 2018 Gay Tour

February 23 - March 5, 2018
A Gay Australia Cultural Tour Down Under, including Sydney’s Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras! Explore Gay “Down Under”, including visiting the Sydney Opera House to dining with an Aboriginal family. From sophisticated afternoon tea and 4-wheeling in the Outback, to sunset dinner aboard a private yacht and a fabulous Gay Mardi Gras, this is the trip of a lifetime!













ALL GAY TOURS Calendar















ALL GAY GROUP Tours  Calendar



GAY EVENTS Gay Group Tours Calendar



COMFORT & LUXURY Gay Group Tours  Calendar



ACTIVE & ADVENTURE Gay Group Tours  Calendar



INDIVIDUAL DEPARTURE GAY Tours















EUROPE Gay Tours & Cruises Calendar



ASIA Gay Tours & Cruises Calendar



AFRICA Gay Tours & Cruises Calendar



SOUTH AMERICA Gay Tours & Cruises Calendar



NORTH AMERICA Gay Tours & Cruises Calendar



AUSTRALIA, NEW ZEALAND & OCEANIA Gay Tours & Cruises Calendar






Inform me of upcoming tours















HOME
|
CRUISES CALENDAR
|
GAY GROUP CRUISES
|
LESBIAN CRUISES
|
RESORTS CALENDAR
|
FAQ
|
DESTINATIONS
|
HOTELS
|
INSURANCE










©2006-2016, Happy Travel, Ltd. All rights reserved










