
Happy Gay Travel - All-Lesbian Cruises Calendar 2017/2018/2019. Gay Women Cruise Vacations & Holidays.

































Home





Destinations





Cruises




Lesbian Resorts



Group Cruises




Tours & Packages





Low-Cost Flights





Car Rental





Flights


















Tahitian Paradise All-Lesbian Cruise, August 24 – 31, 2019

Balmy days, sultry nights, and islands that appear to float just above the breaking waves await. Take in gorgeous panoramic views that include deep blue seas, lush green valleys, striking volcanic peaks, and beautiful waterfalls as you sail away with the women of Olivia. This all-inclusive, 7-night itinerary is perfect for those who want to experience the best French Polynesia has to offer in just a week. See yourself swimming through Tahiti's crystal clear water, snorkeling under cauliflower coral reefs with brilliant sea life and fish schooling by the thousands.




































Antarctica Lesbian Adventure Cruise




Once experienced, Antarctica lights the imagination and touches the spirit of travelers in a way quite unlike anywhere else.
November 30 – December 10, 2017



Caribbean Lesbian Cruise 2018




Music, comedy, theater, shows, workshops and so much more abound under the warm Caribbean sun, along with 2,100 lesbians on board
Summit
.
April 2 – 9, 2018



Peruvian Amazon Adventure Cruise




Sailing on the luxurious
Delphin II
down the Maranón and Ucayali Rivers, you'll see wildlife that's native only to this part of the world.
May 19 - 28, 2018



Mystical Norwegian Fjords Cruise




Take part in a mystical North Atlantic journey and explore the various medieval towns and grand fjords of the Norwegian coast with 1,400 women.
June 9 - 16, 2018



Alaska & Glacier Bay Adventure Cruise




We’re heading to Alaska for the trip of a lifetime! We’re thrilled to partner with
Un-Cruise Adventures
for our 8-day trip in Alaska.
August 25 – September 1, 2018



Venice to Athens Luxury Cruise 2018




Eight days. Six magnificent destinations. One epic journey with memories that will last a lifetime, all in the company of 650 women.
October 6 - 13, 2018



Costa Rica & Panama Canal Cruise




Visit beautiful Costa Rica and Panama on board the intimate, 148-passengers ship, the ms
Wind Star
. Join us on this once-in-a-lifetime voyage!
January 12 - 19, 2019



Whales & Sea of Cortez Mexico Cruise




Often referred to as Mexico’s Galápagos, Baja has one of the richest populations of sea life in the world.
February 16 – 23, 2019



Tahitian Paradise Luxury Cruise




This all-inclusive, 7-night itinerary is perfect for those who want to experience the best French Polynesia has to offer in just a week.
August 24 – 31, 2019





More Cruises...











Hard Rock Vallarta All-Lesbian Resort





Olivia's 45th anniversary at this stunning beachfront getaway in Puerto Vallarta. You won't want to miss this all-inclusive celebration!
February 25 – March 4, 2018




Cancun All-Lesbian Resort 2018





We're heading back to our favorite spot in Cancún–Club Med’s All-Inclusive, oceanfront resort with 850 women of Olivia!
May 19 – 26, 2018




LGBT Family & Friends Sandpiper





Olivia and R Family are teaming up once again for a week of fun in the sun at America’s favorite, Club Med’s Sandpiper Bay in Florida!
July 14 – 19, 2018




Dreams Tulum All-Lesbian Resort 2019





All-Inclusive Dreams Tulum provides upscale beachfront surroundings combining fun and relaxation with the ancient world of the Maya.
May 25 – June 1, 2019






More Resorts...











Machu Picchu Lesbian Adventure Tour




Join us for an incredible all-lesbian journey to Machu Picchu. Extend your time and join us for  wonderful journey to Peru.
November 3 - 12, 2017





More Tours...


















Home

Lesbian Resorts

Lesbian Tours

All Gay Cruises

Atlantis-Gay Cruises

RSVP-Gay Cruises

Lesbian Cruises

All-Gay Resorts

All-Gay Tours

Gay Group Cruises

Happy-Gay Destinations

Gran Canaria

Tenerife

Sitges

Ibiza

Mykonos

Happy-Gay Hotels

Flight Search

Car Rentals

Ferry Booking

Travel Insurance

Happy-Gay Shop

Links

Site Map

Gay2Stay.eu






































Olivia's most romantic getaways

Choose from Olivia's most romantic getaways and 
experience amber sunsets, luxurious white sand beaches, and awe-inspiring majestic landscapes. And if you’re feeling free and single, don’t hesitate to do something nice for yourself




Olivia's 45th Anniversary All-Lesbian Caribbean Cruise 2018
April 2 - 9, 2018

If you thought our 40th anniversary celebrations were big, wait till you see our 45th! We're taking it up a notch! Get ready for a star-studded entertainment lineup of comedy and music that spans five decades. With a brand new ship, the Celebrity
Summit
(with the first American woman captain at the helm), and 2,100 women of Olivia, this cruise is going to be EPIC! We've customized a new itinerary for this celebration. Starting in Fort Lauderdale, we'll visit our own private island on Labadee; then continue to the turquoise beaches of Punta Cana; we'll visit tranquil St. Croix; then spend the day in dreamy St. Lucia; and our cruise will disembark in San Juan. Relax. Rejuvenate. Snorkel. Swim. Explore. Revel in music and comedy. You don't want to miss this celebration!



Venice to Athens All-Lesbian Mediterranean Luxury Cruise
October 6 - 13, 2018

Costa Rica & Panama Canal All-Lesbian Luxury Cruise 2019
January 12 – 19, 2019

Whales & Sea of Cortez All-Lesbian Mexico Adventure 2019
February 16 – 23, 2019

Antarctica Lesbian Adventure Cruise 2017
November 30 – December 10, 2017











2017 ALL LESBIAN Cruises

Events are ordered by date, click on the Event title below to view details










Antarctica Lesbian Adventure Cruise 2017

November 30 - December 10, 2017 - 10 Nights

Ushuaia, Drake Passage, Antarctica

Noble Caledonia's
ms Island Sky
- 114 Passengers
From/To Guayaquil, Ecuador

Once experienced, Antarctica lights the imagination and touches the spirit of travelers in a way quite unlike anywhere else. Your first sighting of an Antarctic glacier will leave you breathless. Join the women of Olivia on this truly once-in-a-lifetime experience and make memories you will never forget.



Quote or Reservation








2018 ALL LESBIAN Cruises

Events are ordered by date, click on the Event title below to view details












Hawaii All-Lesbian Adventure Cruise

January 13 - 20, 2018 - 7 Nights

Hawaii, Honomalino Bay, Kealakekua Bay, Kailua-Kona, Lana'i, Olowalu, West Maui, Moloka'i

Un-Cruise Adventures
Safari Explorer
- 36 Passeng.
From Big Island To Moloka'i, Hawaii

Sailing from the Big Island to Molokai, you will have the opportunity to discover the richness Hawaii has to offer! Get a sense of Hawaii long ago. During a week of kayaking, snorkeling, paddle boarding, hiking and cultural visits, the history of this ancient homeland unfolds.



Quote or Reservation














Hawaii Adventure All-Lesbian Cruise

January 20 - 27, 2018 - 7 Nights

Moloka'i, Kealakekua Bay, Kailua-Kona, Lana'i, Olowalu, West Maui, Honomalino Bay, Hawaii

Un-Cruise Adventures
Safari Explorer
- 36 Passeng.
From Moloka'i To Big Island, Hawaii

Sailing from Molokai to the Big Island, you will have the opportunity to discover the richness Hawaii has to offer! Get a sense of Hawaii long ago. During a week of kayaking, snorkeling, paddle boarding, hiking and cultural visits, the history of this ancient homeland unfolds.



Quote or Reservation












Olivia's 45th Anniversary Caribbean Cruise

April 2 – 9, 2018 - 7 Nights

Labadee, Punta Cana, St.Croix, St.Lucia, San Juan

Celebrity Cruises
Summit
- 2158 Passengers
From Ft Lauderdale, Florida To San Juan, Puerto Rico

If you thought our 40th anniversary celebrations were big, wait till you see our 45th! Get ready for a star-studded entertainment lineup of comedy and music that spans fiveve decades. With a brand new ship, the
Celebrity Summit
(with the first American woman captain at the helm), and 2,100 women of Olivia, this cruise is going to be EPIC!



Quote or Reservation













Switzerland to Amsterdam Rhine River Cruise

April 22 - 29, 2018 - 7 Nights

Zurich, Basel (Switzerland), Strasbourg (France), Heidelberg, Mainz, Koblenz, Rhine Gorge, Breisach, Cologne (Germany), Amsterdam (The Netherlands)


Avalon Felicity
- 138 Passengers
From Basel, Switzerland To Amsterdam, The Netherlands

We'll cruise the Rhine River together on an upscale riverboat, enjoying panoramic views on our week-long journey through Switzerland, France, Germany and the Netherlands.



Quote or Reservation













Peruvian Amazon Adventure Lesbian Cruise

May 12 - 21, 2018 - 9 Nights

Lima, Iquitos, Nauta, Pucate River, Amazon River, Sapuena, El Dorado River, Atun Poza, Yabauacu


National Geographic Delfin II
- 28 Passengers
From/To Lima, Peru

Sailing on the luxurious
Delphin II
down the Maranón and Ucayali Rivers, you'll see wildlife that's native only to this part of the world. Three-toed sloths, piranhas, squirrel monkeys, tamarins, white-throated toucans and pink river dolphins are just a few of the many animals you'll see.



Quote or Reservation
















Peruvian Amazon Adventure Lesbian Cruise II

May 19 - 28, 2018 - 9 Nights

Lima, Iquitos, Nauta, Pucate River, Amazon River, Sapuena, El Dorado River, Atun Poza, Yabauacu


National Geographic Delfin II
- 28 Passengers
From/To Lima, Peru

Sailing on the luxurious
Delphin II
down the Maranón and Ucayali Rivers, you'll see wildlife that's native only to this part of the world. Three-toed sloths, piranhas, squirrel monkeys, tamarins, white-throated toucans and pink river dolphins are just a few of the many animals you'll see.



Quote or Reservation















Mystical Norwegian Fjords Lesbian Cruise

June 9 – 16, 2018 - 7 Nights

Eidfjord, Geiranger, Alesund, Bergen (Norway)

Holland America
ms Rotterdam
- 1404 Passengers
From/To Rotterdam, The Netherlands

Take part in North Atlantic journey and explore the various medieval towns and grand fjords of the Norwegian coast with 1,400 women of Olivia. Whether you’re relaxing on your private verandah, savoring the view of the magnificent fjords from the Panorama deck, or taking advantage of 19 hours of daylight, you’re sure to be seduced by Norway’s beauty.



Quote or Reservation













Burgundy to Provence Lesbian River Cruise

July 21 – 28, 2018 - 7 Nights

Seurre, Macon, Lyon, Tournon, Viviers, Avignon

Avalon Waterways
Avalon Poetry II
- 128 Passengers
From Paris To Arles, France

France along the Saône and the Rhone Rivers will have your mouth watering for delectable cuisine and fine wine, all in the company of 128 women of Olivia. You’ll also be traveling through some of the most impressive wine regions of France, including Burgundy, Rhone, and Provence.



Quote or Reservation













Alaska & Glacier Bay Lesbian Adventure

August 25 – September 1, 2018 - 7 Nights

Juneau, Glacier Bay, Icy Strait, Chichagof Isl, Baranof Isl, Frederick Sound, Stephens Passage, Endicott Arm

Un-Cruise
Wilderness Adventurer
- 60 Passengers
From/To Juneau, Alaska

We’re heading to Alaska for the trip of a lifetime! We’re thrilled to partner with Un-Cruise Adventures for our 8-day/7-night trip in Alaska with 60 women of Olivia. In true expedition style, you’ll wake to the cry of a soaring eagle, watch ice thunder from the face of a glacier, and see dramatically cascading waterfalls.



Quote or Reservation














Vietnam & Cambodia All-Lesbian Mekong River Cruise & Tour

September 4 – 18, 2018 - 14 Nights

Hanoi, Ha Long Bay, Siem Reap, Angkor, Kampong Chhnang, Phnom Penh, Tan Chau, Sa Dec, Saigon

Ama Waterways
AmaDara
- 124 Passengers
From Hanoi To Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam

Experience the enchanting splendor that is Southeast Asia on this 2-week land and river journey through Vietnam, Cambodia, and the Mekong River with 120 women of Olivia. Sound like your once-in-a-lifetime vacation? We think it does.



Quote or Reservation















Venice to Athens All-Lesbian Mediterranean Luxury Cruise 2018

October 6 – 13, 2018 - 7 Nights

Venice, Dubrovnik, Crete, Santorini, Mykonos, Athens

Azamara Cruises
Azamara Quest
- 686 Passengers
From Venice, Italy To Athens, Greece

Eight days. Six magnificent destinations. One epic journey with memories that will last a lifetime, all in the company of 650 women of Olivia. Cruise through the Adriatic and Aegean, where each day and night has been created to bring you all the riches of this fabled region.



Quote or Reservation













Amazing Galapagos Adventure Cruise

November 10 - 19, 2018 - 9 Nights

San Cristobal, Santiago, Isabela, Bartolome,
Santa Cruz, Fernandina, Floreana, Espanola, Genovesa, Baltra

Lindblad Expedition's
National Geographic Islander
- 48 Passengers
From/To Guayaquil, Ecuador

Discover Darwin's inspiration as you journey to islands of unrivaled beauty on this Olivia eco-adventure. Grab your camera and join us for one of Olivia's most popular trips, our Amazing Galapagos Adventure.



Quote or Reservation








2019 ALL LESBIAN Cruises

Events are ordered by date, click on the Event title below to view details













Costa Rica & Panama Canal Lesbian Cruise

January 12 - 19, 2018 - 7 Nights

Puerto Caldera, Quepos, Puerto Jimenez, Golfito, Isla Parida, Balboa,  Fuerte Amador, Panama Canal, Colon

Windstar Cruises
msy Wind Star
- 148 Passengers
From Puerto Caldera, Costa Rica To Colon, Panama

Visit beautiful Costa Rica and Panama on board the intimate, 148-passengers ship, the
ms Wind Star.
Renowned as the Eighth Wonder of the World, marvel as your ship is raised, then lowered, 85 feet to sail gracefully through three massive locks in the Canal. This small ship will anchor in ports the large ships cannot go...



Quote or Reservation















Whales & Sea of Cortez All-Lesbian Mexico Adventure Cruise

February 16 – 23, 2019 - 7 Nights

San Jose del Cabo, La Paz, Bahia Agua Verde, Bahia Magdalena, Los Islotes, Partida, Espiritu Santo

Un-Cruise Adventures
Safari Endeavour
- 84 Pass.
From/To Los Cabos, Mexico

Often referred to as Mexico's Galápagos, Baja California Sur has one of the richest populations of sea life in the world. In true expedition style, experience the luxury of a flexible itinerary on a very beautiful ship! This the best time to view a variety of sea life in the Sea of Cortez, and to view gray whales and their babies.



Quote or Reservation















Tahitian Paradise Luxury All-Lesbian Cruise

August 24 - 31, 2019 - 7 Nights

Papeete, Huahine, Taha'a, Bora Bora, Moorea

Paul Gauguin Cruises
Paul Gauguin
- 332 Passengers
From/To Papeete, Tahiti (French Polynesia)

Balmy days, sultry nights, and islands that appear to float just above the breaking waves await. Take in gorgeous panoramic views that include deep blue seas, lush green valleys, striking volcanic peaks, and beautiful waterfalls as you sail away with the women of Olivia. This all-inclusive, 7-night itinerary is perfect to experience the best French Polynesia has to offer.



Quote or Reservation










Inform me of upcoming cruises

















HOME
|
GAY CRUISES
|
LESBIAN RESORTS CALENDAR
|
LESBIAN TOURS
|
GAY GROUP CRUISES
|
DESTINATIONS
|
HOTELS
|
INSURANCE










©2006-2017, Happy Travel, Ltd. All rights reserved










