
Happy Gay Travel - All Lesbian Resort Holidays Calendar
































Home





Destinations





Cruises




Lesbian Cruises



Group Cruises




Tours & Packages





Low-Cost Flights





Car Rental





Flights


















Olivia's 45th Anniversary Hard Rock Vallarta All-Lesbian Resort Week 2018
February 25 – March 4, 2018

We kick off our 45th anniversary celebrations at this stunning beachfront getaway in Puerto Vallarta. With all-inclusive accommodations and 700 women of Olivia, you won't want to miss this celebration! You'll need a vacation from your vacation, with all that we have in store for you! Showcases by day and stellar music, comedy and DJ performances by night make for an incredible celebration commemorating our last 45 years.
Combine that with Olivia's signature programming—like water aerobics, wet and wacky pool game, mixers and beach Olympics, and optional excursions like an ATV ride through the jungle or swimming with dolphins—and you have the vacation of a lifetime! We invite you to escape the winter and join us.




































Antarctica Lesbian Adventure Cruise




Once experienced, Antarctica lights the imagination and touches the spirit of travelers in a way quite unlike anywhere else.
November 30 – December 10, 2017



Caribbean Lesbian Cruise 2018




Music, comedy, theater, shows, workshops and so much more abound under the warm Caribbean sun, along with 2,100 lesbians on board
Summit
.
April 2 – 9, 2018



Peruvian Amazon Adventure Cruise




Sailing on the luxurious
Delphin II
down the Maranón and Ucayali Rivers, you'll see wildlife that's native only to this part of the world.
May 19 - 28, 2018



Mystical Norwegian Fjords Cruise




Take part in a mystical North Atlantic journey and explore the various medieval towns and grand fjords of the Norwegian coast with 1,400 women.
June 9 - 16, 2018



Alaska & Glacier Bay Adventure Cruise




We’re heading to Alaska for the trip of a lifetime! We’re thrilled to partner with
Un-Cruise Adventures
for our 8-day trip in Alaska.
August 25 – September 1, 2018



Venice to Athens Luxury Cruise 2018




Eight days. Six magnificent destinations. One epic journey with memories that will last a lifetime, all in the company of 650 women.
October 6 - 13, 2018



Costa Rica & Panama Canal Cruise




Visit beautiful Costa Rica and Panama on board the intimate, 148-passengers ship, the ms
Wind Star
. Join us on this once-in-a-lifetime voyage!
January 12 - 19, 2019



Whales & Sea of Cortez Mexico Cruise




Often referred to as Mexico’s Galápagos, Baja has one of the richest populations of sea life in the world.
February 16 – 23, 2019



Tahitian Paradise Luxury Cruise




This all-inclusive, 7-night itinerary is perfect for those who want to experience the best French Polynesia has to offer in just a week.
August 24 – 31, 2019





More Cruises...











Hard Rock Vallarta All-Lesbian Resort





Olivia's 45th anniversary at this stunning beachfront getaway in Puerto Vallarta. You won't want to miss this all-inclusive celebration!
February 25 – March 4, 2018




LGBT Family & Friends Sandpiper





Olivia and R Family are teaming up once again for a week of fun in the sun at America’s favorite, Club Med’s Sandpiper Bay in Florida!
July 14 – 19, 2018




Dreams Tulum All-Lesbian Resort 2019





All-Inclusive Dreams Tulum provides upscale beachfront surroundings combining fun and relaxation with the ancient world of the Maya.
May 25 – June 1, 2019






More Resorts...











Machu Picchu Lesbian Adventure Tour




Join us for an incredible all-lesbian journey to Machu Picchu. Extend your time and join us for  wonderful journey to Peru.
November 3 - 12, 2017





More Tours...

















Home

Lesbian Cruises

Lesbian Tours

All Gay Cruises

Gay Group Cruises

Atlantis-Gay Cruises

RSVP-Gay Cruises

Lesbian Cruises

All-Gay Resorts

Atlantis-Gay Resorts

All-Gay Tours

Happy-Gay Destinations

Happy-Gay Hotels

Travel Insurance

Happy-Gay Shop

Links

Site Map



































Olivia All Lesbian Resorts

For those of you who prefer to keep your feet on the ground, Olivia engages entire resorts for your pleasure. It's a sterling opportunity to make new friends, see the sights and participate in a wide range of sports and activities. The best part is you control the pace of your resort vacation. Take a daylong tour, a sunset cruise or bask in the sun poolside. Go kayaking, snorkeling or deep sea fishing. Stroll along the beach, play a round of golf or pamper yourself with a massage. Our nightly entertainment brings it all together with the best our community has to offer. Try out for our talent show, test your relationship acumen in our "Newlywed/Oldywed Game" or stake out a beach chair for a nap in the sun. It's your dream vacation, designed just for you.


Dreams Tulum, Riviera Maya All-Lesbian Resort 2019
May 25 - June 1, 2019


Located on a secluded sugar-white sand beach in the Riviera Maya, the AAA Four Diamond, award-winning, ALL-INCLUSIVE Dreams Tulum Resort & Spa provides upscale beachfront surroundings combining fun and relaxation with the ancient world of the Maya. Just south of Cancún, it is one of the only resorts in the Riviera Maya located a short distance to the exciting town and ancient ruins of Tulum and Xel-Ha Aqua Adventure Park.
With its magnificent colonial architecture, original paintings and ambiance, this resort provides the perfect setting to unwind and discover the mystical power of the ancient Mayan civilization. This hacienda-style, Unlimited-Luxury® resort features graciously appointed spacious rooms and suites, a luxurious spa, exciting land and water sports, two swimming pools, nine gourmet restaurants, seven fabulous bars, our signature entertainment and programming, and more! Get ready to meet Olivians from around the world and reconnect with those who mean the world to you!
Experience the many pleasures of
Dreams Tulum Resort & Spa
Unlimited-Luxury® offering you an elevated all-inclusive experience, 
where most everything is included. Dine in any one of the six à la carte
 restaurants, the buffet, the café or the grill. Sip a frozen margarita,
 discover a new wine perfectly matched with your meal or let a 
mixologist create a signature cocktail for you in any of the seven bars 
or lounges. Sit back and enjoy pool and beach wait service or pamper 
yourself in the world-class spa.






















2018 ALL LESBIAN Resorts

Events are ordered by date, click on the Event title below to view details












Olivia's 45th Anniversary Hard Rock Vallarta All-Lesbian Resort Week 2018


February 25 – March 4, 2018 - 7 nights

Hard Rock Vallarta Hotel, Puerto Vallarta, Mexico

We kick off our Olivia's 45th anniversary celebrations at this stunning beachfront getaway in Puerto Vallarta. With all-inclusive accommodations and 700 women of Olivia, you won't want to miss this celebration! Showcases by day and stellar music, comedy and DJ performances by night. You'll need a vacation from your vacation, with all that we have in store for you!



Quote or Reservation


















Cancun, Mexico All-Lesbian Resort 2018


May 19 – 26, 2018 - 7 nights

Club Med Cancun Yucatan, Cancun, Mexico

We’re heading back to our favorite spot in Cancun – Club Med’s award-winning, ALL-INCLUSIVE, oceanfront Cancún, Mexico resort with 850 women of Olivia for a all-lesbian resort holiday week of fun in the sun! Club Med’s recently renovated Cancún, Mexico resort is situated on a stretch of white sandy beaches and a snorkeling paradise, with lavish amenities, natural beauty and a relaxing atmosphere.



Quote or Reservation

















LGBT Family & Friends Sandiper Resort 2018


July 14 - 19, 2017 - 5 nights

Club Med Sandpiper Bay, Florida

Olivia and R Family are teaming up once again for a week of fun in the sun at America’s favorite ALL-INCLUSIVE resort, Club Med’s Sandpiper Bay in Florida! Everyone is invited: lesbian moms, gay dads, kids, grandparents, singles, couples, straight friends & family, and the entire LGBT community at this ALL-INCLUSIVE family resort. Kids are not required, but very welcome!



Quote or Reservation


















Columbus Isle, Bahamas All-Lesbian Resort


October 13 – 20, 2018 - 7 nights

Club Med Columbus Isle, Bahamas

We’re heading back to one of Club Med’s hidden gems and an all-time Olivia favorite — the ALL-INCLUSIVE, all-lesbian, oceanfront Columbus Isle resort! With a new makeover, including renovated rooms, a redesigned restaurant, the brand new La Pinta Beach Lounge, a new fitness center, and L’OCCITANE Spa, this private oceanfront oasis is calling your name!



Quote or Reservation






2019 ALL LESBIAN Resorts

Events are ordered by date, click on the Event title below to view details













Dreams Tulum Mexico All-Lesbian Resort 2019


May 25 – June 1, 2019 - 7 nights

Dreams Tulum Resort & Spa, Riviera Maya, Mexico

Located on a secluded sugar-white sand beach in the Riviera Maya, the AAA Four Diamond, award-winning, ALL-INCLUSIVE Dreams Tulum Resort & Spa provides upscale beachfront surroundings combining fun and relaxation with the ancient world of the Maya. Just south of Cancún, it is one of the only resorts in the Riviera Maya located a short distance to the exciting town and ancient ruins of Tulum and Xel-Ha Aqua Adventure Park.



Quote or Reservation






Inform me of upcoming vacations













HOME
|
ALL GAY CRUISES
|
LESBIAN CRUISES CALENDAR
|
LESBIAN TOURS
|
GAY GROUP CRUISES
|
DESTINATIONS
|
HOTELS
|
INSURANCE










©2006-2017, Happy Travel, Ltd. All rights reserved










