
Gay Tenerife, Tenerife Gay Travel, Tenerife Gay Holidays - Happy Gay Travel Destinations



































Home





Destinations





Cruises





Group Cruises



Gay Sail




Tours & Packages





Low-Cost Flights





Car Rental





Flights


















Villa Maspalmeras (Tenerife)

Villa Maspalmeras is the creation of two discerning gay travellers Andrew and Eduardo who chose Tenerife for their home.
They built the apartments for their guests creating an intimate, stylish, relaxed and friendly gay atmosphere!
Only ten minutes from Puerto De La Cruz and the clothing optional/nudist gay beach Los Pattos, the Villa has become a significant asset within the Tenerife gay scene. It's beautiful gardens, magnificent views and clothing optional pool make this stylish Villa the place to rent your apartment in Tenerife.






































Gay Tenerife Info

Tenerife is fast becoming the place to holiday, and who could blame us gays for taking it under our wing. One of the seven islands that make up the Canaries, it's a far cry from the tack that its neighbours find commonplace. Beaches are trimmed with banana plantations, and mountainous backdrops dip neatly on to the untouched greenery that covers the island. Situated just off the West African coast, the island's year-round subtropical climate produces the varied and beautiful landscapes that make Tenerife a great destination.

Beneath the towering volcanoes that dominate the skyline, picturesque villages and towns provide a retreat from the main resorts found in the north and south of the island. While the neighbouring island of Gran Canaria offers a more extensive gay scene, Tenerife has plenty to offer with the resorts of Puerto de la Cruz in the north, and Playa de las Americas in the south.

Starting with the north, the lush Puerto de la Cruz provides a haven that remains less frantic than many gay destinations. The village vibe is warm and welcoming and the scene here has more than enough options to keep you interested. Within easy walking distance of the accommodation offered there are two gay saunas (Laurent and Sauna Puerto), several bars, cafes and restaurants and a gay sex shop in case you run out of essentials. Avenida Generalisimo is the place to head as this busy street is the focal point for evening entertainment and where you'll find, Mito 2 and Tabasco (fab little gay bars). Late nights can be spent at the nearby and already renowned Vampi's, but other clubs such as Despantoes are becoming evermore popular.

At the top of your list for daytime fun, write Lago Martinez in capital letters. Drench yourself in sunshine here while taking a dip in the natural salt water pools before lying back and enjoying the view at this somewhat cruisey landscaped lido (the gays are on the left hand side).

If you're a first timer to Tenerife, the one thing that will strike you most about the beaches is the charcoal sand that washes in and out with the tides. For those used to golden shores this may seem odd, but sand is sand and the only golden beaches on this island are man-made and nowhere near as good as the real thing. The island overflows with small nudist beaches, many of which cater to the gay market. Playa Bollullo is just outside Puerto de la Cruz and, rather aptly perhaps, the banana plantation here is where you'll find the action. Keep strolling along this beach and you'll also find Los Patos, a real find with a somewhat cuter clientele.
More...

Tenerife the Conclusion:

24/7 gaylife the entire year.
The whole year delicious sun, sea and beach,
and beautiful nature.



PlayaFlor Chill-Out Resort
(Playa de las Americas)
Villa Maspalmeras
(Puerto de la Cruz)


Alta Apartments
(Puerto de la Cruz)

Be Live Orotava Hotel
(Puerto de la Cruz)

Botanico Hotel & Spa
(Puerto de la Cruz)

Caribe Apartments
(Playa de las Americas)

Catalonia Las Vegas Hotel
(Puerto de la Cruz)

La Quinta Roja Hotel
(Garachico)

Palmeras Playa Apartments
(Puerto de la Cruz)

Park Plaza Apartments
(Puerto de la Cruz)

Riu Palace Tenerife Hotel
(Costa Adeje)

Valle Mar Hotel
(Puerto de la Cruz)








Check hotel prices, availability and book hotel with instant confirmation:

Gay Friendly Hotels in Tenerife

Hotels in Puerto de la Cruz

Tenerife Hotels & Apartments

Playa de las Americas Hotels

Costa Adeje Hotels & Resorts

Puerto de la Cruz Hotels

Santa Cruz de Tenerife Hotels

Los Cristianos Hotels

San Miguel de Abona Hotels

Garachico Hotels

More Tenerife Hotels and Deals
Or check other our partners
listed at our
links pages
.

















Destinations Home



Tenerife Home



Hotels & BB



Gay Tenerife



Gay Resort - Tenerife



Gay Beaches, Cruising & Saunas



Puerto de la Cruz



Weather



Puerto de la Cruz Map



Car Hire



Flights



More Gay Friendly Deals



More Tenerife...








All-Gay Cruises

Gay Group Cruises

All-Gay Resorts

All-Gay Tours

Happy-Gay Destinations

Gran Canaria

Ibiza

Sitges

Mykonos

Happy-Gay Hotels

Travel Insurance

Car Rentals

Low-Cost Flights

Flights Booking

Happy-Gay Shop

Links

Site Map




































































Gay Tenerife




Welcome to Gay Friendly Tenerife

Tenerife is the largest of the seven islands that make up the Canary Islands and welcomes over seven million holidaymakers per year to worship the sun on its volcanic beaches. What's more it's a dramatic place with banana plantations, tropical plants and Mount Teide, Spain's highest peak and the world's 3rd largest volcano, towering majestically over the scenery. If you're lucky, it might even be snow capped!
Affectionately known as the 'island of eternal spring', Tenerife is home to striking volcanic landscapes and open green countryside. Situated just off the West African coast, enjoy golden and charcoal grey beaches, picturesque mountain villages, pretty coastal towns and year-round subtropical climates.

More...

Staying There - Tenerife Gay Accommodation

Our main Tenerife resort is  Puerto de la Cruz, which is on Tenerife's lush northern coast. Puerto de la Cruz is a historic town and still has a good deal of charm and, as there is far more to see and do in the north of the island than the south, leaves you well positioned for exploring the rest of the island.
Some Gay friendly hotels you'll find at Playa de las Americas -  a resort that hasn't been particularly noted for its gay nightlife - there are currently a couple of gay bars with rumours of more opening soon.

More...

Getting There

The usual means of travelling to and from the Canary Islands is by aircraft. These days this could hardly be easier and flight prices can represent very good value too, especially when purchased as part of a package holiday.
Tenerife has two airports, the busier international airport in the south (TFS) is "Reina Sofia" and the airport in the north (TFN) is "Los Rodeos" and more commonly used by Spanish and Scandanavian services.

More...

The Gay Scene in Tenerife

There's no doubt that the neighbouring island of Gran Canaria offers the largest gay scene in the Canary Islands, but Tenerife still has plenty to offer and the locals are a friendly bunch. Santa Cruz, the capital of the island, has only one gay bar, but plenty that are gay friendly and a gay sauna. There are several gay bars in La Laguna plus one gay disco, and there are two gay bars in the south of the Island in Playa de las Americas.
The town with most gay bars and discos is Puerto de la Cruz. There are four gay bars, four gay discos, two gay saunas, gay restaurants, many gay friendly bars and sex shops.

More...

The Gay Beaches in Tenerife

Tenerife has many, many, many cruising areas, nudist beaches and plenty of tanned (permanent and all over - the lucky lads!) boys. The perfect weather tends to make the Germans break out their speedos, but if you can look past the dross, there is a lot at which to stare wistfully. Oh hell, even some of the speedo packing Germans look a bit tasty.  But it might be the beauty of the locale.

More...

Carnival of Tenerife

The carnival in Tenerife (February - March every year) is said to be second only to that of Rio.  Although celebrated in every town and village on the island, the most spectacular carnival celebrations are to be found in Santa Cruz de Tenerife and Puerto de la Cruz. Gorgeous girls & Guys, stunning costumes, marching bands , music and happy mayhem.










































HOME
|
CRUISES CALENDAR
|
GAY GROUP CRUISES
|
RESORTS CALENDAR
|
TOURS CALENDAR
|
GAY DESTINATIONS
|
SITE MAP
|
LINKS

reservations@happygaytravel.com









©2006-2017, Happy Travel, Ltd. All rights reserved












