
Gay Sitges. Sitges gay travel. Sitges gay holidays & vacation - Happy Gay Travel Destinations



































Home





Destinations





Cruises





Group Cruises



Gay Sail




Tours & Packages





Low-Cost Flights





Car Rental





Flights


















Gay Pride Sitges 2017

Sitges Gay Pride, perhaps one of the biggest events of the year and fast becoming one of the most important pride events in Europe – Sitges pride by the beach features a packed schedule over 5 days, from the 8th to the 12th of June.
Sitges Pride 2017, is set to become an even bigger event. This year the event celebrates its 8th anniversary with  a bigger open air stage with celebrity guests, international djs, tribute acts, fashion shows and more.
This year, the main bar in the Gay Village will be open for the five days of the festivities, from the Thursday to the Monday Night. The main pride parade will take place on Sunday from 5pm attracting several thousand visitors. More than 26 floats and thousands of participants are expected for the parade.
Last year more than 60,000 people attended the event and all of Sitges hotel rooms and apartments were fully booked. So we suggest you book as soon as possible to guarantee a place to stay in Sitges during Pride.
Book yours now!




































Gay Sitges Info

Sitges is a smart resort - decidedly chic compared with Torremolinos, Salou, San Antonio etc., visibly gay and with some very attractive visitors. If you're over 25 and not heavily into clubbing, drugs or fashion, then there's a good chance that this is the resort for you. (If you're a youngster who does like one or more of those things, then Ibiza should be more to your taste.)

It's a great place to relax. Part of the reason is that the town centre is pedestrianised. This means you can walk around the bars and stand a good chance of never even seeing a motor vehicle. Another plus point is that, on the Mediterranean, the overnight temperature in summer is usually over 20 degrees C. When you live on the chilly north east coast of England, you really appreciate being able to walk around at night in a T-shirt and shorts and still feeling warm!

Barcelona is only half an hour away by train and has enough sights to keep you occupied for days, as well as what seems a pretty extensive gay scene of its own.

Catalan (a separate language from standard or Castilian Spanish) is officially the first language of the region: you will see it on shop signs, menus etc. It's a strange and fascinating language with elements of Spanish and French in it, along with an 80% lexical similarity to Italian! We had been visiting for about six years before we discovered that the pronunciation of our favourite cafe name (Montroig - also one of the main streets of the town) is actually something like "Moon rotch".

The only place you're really likely to hear Catalan spoken is on TV. The expectation seems to be that foreigners have enough trouble with Castilian without learning yet another language. Most street signs are in Catalan as well as Castilian - we've given the Catalan here: they're often very similar but if there's any problem in recognising the Castilian we give that too.
More...

Sitges the Conclusion:

24/7 gaylife the entire year.
The whole year delicious sun, sea and beach,
and beautiful nature.










Antonio's Guesthouse

El Cid Hotel

El Xalet & Noucentista Hotels

Liberty Hotel

Los Globos Hotel

Parrots Sitges Hotel

Pension Espalter

Romantic & Renaixenca Hotels

Tara Apartments






Antemare Hotel & Spa

Calipolis Hotel

Celimar Hotel

Central Normandie Hotel

Galeon/Pavillon Hotel

La Nina Hotel

Mediterraneo Aparthotel

Montserrat Hotel & Apartments

Piccadilly Sitges Hotel

Platjador Hotel

Port Sitges Resort Hotel

San Sebastian Playa Hotel

Sitges Park Hotel

Subur Hotel

Subur Maritim Hotel

Sunway Amapola Apartments

Sunway Apollo Apartments

Sunway Atlanta Apartments

Sunway Arizona Apartments

Sunway Playa Golf Aparthotel

Sunway San Jorge Apartments

Sunway Talaia Apartments

Termes Hostal

Terramar Hotel





Alenti Sitges Hotel & Restaurant

Alexandra Hotel

Avenida Sofia Hotel & Spa

Capri Hotel

Davallada Boutique Hotel

Desitges Hotel

Dolce Sitges Hotel

Estela Barcelona Hotel

Hola Sitges Apartments

Hotel Sitges

La Santa Maria Hotel

Led-Sitges Hotel

Madison Bahia Hotel

Madison Residence Hotel

Maricel Hostel

Masia Sumidors Hotel

Melia Sitges Hotel

Sealand Sitges Apartments

Sitges Apartment

Sitges Boutique Apartments

SitgesGO Apartments

Sitges Rustic Apartments


Check hotel prices, availability and book hotel with instant confirmation:

Hotels in Sitges

Hotels in Sitges & Around

Sitges Hotels & Apartments

Or check other our partners
listed at our
links pages
.


















Destinations Home



Sitges Home



Hotels & BB



Gay Sitges



Arriving Sitges



Sitges Gay Beaches



Sitges Gay Cruising



Sitges Gay Bars



Sitges Gay Clubs



Sitges Gay Sauna



Sitges Gay Restaurants



Sitges Gay Shopping



Sitges Gay Events 2017



Sitges Weather



Sitges and Around



Car Hire



Flights



More Gay Friendly Deals



More Sitges...








All-Gay Cruises

Gay Group Cruises

All-Gay Resorts

All-Gay Tours

Happy-Gay Destinations

Gran Canaria

Tenerife

Ibiza

Mykonos

Happy-Gay Hotels

Travel Insurance

Car Rentals

Low-Cost Flights

Flight Search

Happy-Gay Shop

Links

Site Map

































































































Gay Sitges









Welcome to Sitges

Situated just 30 minutes south of Barcelona on Spain's Costa Dorada, the former fishing village of Sitges is one of the gay holiday hotspots for the discerning gay traveller. Attracting the gay community by its thousands, this ever-popular resort has built a reputation for being one of the most tolerant and one of the most lively summer destinations in Europe.
Today Sitges is a thriving, cosmopolitan town that offers its visitors excellent beaches.
June through September are the busiest months, when the Mediterranean sun – and the men – are at their hottest.
When it comes to sunbathing, Playa de la Ribera in town is where the majority of the gay crowd heads. If you’re looking for something a little more remote, or if you want to avoid tan lines, then the

Playas del Muerto to the west of the centre are where to go. The further of these two beaches is almost exclusively gay.

More...



Staying There - Sitges Gay Accommodation

Happy Gay Travel have a great selections of hotels and apartments, all of which are located in the centre of Sitges, walking distance to the main tourist and gay attractions.
These cater for most gay travellers and your and range from value for money to up market.
Like our other resorts, you will soon note a large increase of gay and gay friendly accommodation which will be added in the near future.

More...



Getting There

Sitges doesn't have it's own air traffic node, but is nearly as close (approx. 20km) to Barcelona's El Prat Airport as Barcelona itself.
Buses leave from outside Terminal 2b, although they are not that regular. For trains you will have to go one stop to El Prat de Llobregat and change onto a train heading for Vilanova. By far the easiest option is to grab a taxi, which usually costs around 60 euros.
Reus is also fairly nearby, and you might be able to find cheaper flights to here, courtesy of Ryanair.
At a push Girona Airport is possible too. From both these airports coaches take you to Barcelona from where you can easily reach Sitges.

More...



The Gay Scene in Sitges

For a small town Sitges is surprisingly well-endowed when it comes to bars, with venues to suit all tastes, ranging from cruisy bars with backrooms and video to traditional music bars.
Essentially the gay bars are located in three areas: around the main drag of Calle Dos de Mayo (known locally as Sin Street), in the older part of Sitges off Calle Mayor, and in the triangle bounded by Calle Espalter, Calle San Francisco and pedestrianised Parellades.
Generally speaking, Sitges' bars don't really come to life until 11pm or so, although one or two (El Horno, for example) open their doors from about 5pm onwards to cater for the crowds coming off the beaches.

More...



The Gay Beaches in Sitges

One of the main attractions of Sitges is the large number of clean sandy beaches (see map). Between the distinctive Parish Church at one end of the promenade and the Terramar Hotel at the other there are no fewer than nine breakwaters, with gently sloping golden beaches in between, most of which offer sunloungers for rent, showers and refreshment kiosks.
Although there is only one predominantly gay beach in the centre of town - La Platja de la Bossa Rodona, directly below the Picnic Restaurant on the seafront - in recent years it has begun to be colonised by straights and their families and overspill during the height of summer means that you will find gay men and women just about anywhere along the whole stretch.

If you can't find a place to tan your tush on the central beaches, then it's only a short walk beyond the church to Platja Sant Sebastià, Platja dels Balmins (for mixed nudey bathing) and Platja d'Aiguadolç.
But that's not all - if you want to get an all-over tan away from the gaze of gawping straight tourists and you're feeling energetic, it's worth the effort heading out to the nudist beaches beyond the Terramar Hotel.
As usual, we would recommend that you keep all your valuables at home!

More...












































HOME
|
CRUISES CALENDAR
|
GAY GROUP CRUISES
|
RESORTS CALENDAR
|
TOURS CALENDAR
|
GAY DESTINATIONS
|
SITE MAP
|
LINKS

reservations@happygaytravel.com









©2006-2017, Happy Travel, Ltd. All rights reserved












