
Gay Gran Canaria. Gran Canaria Gay Travel, Gay Gran Canaria Holidays & Vacation - Happy Gay Travel Destination



































Home





Destinations





Cruises





Group Cruises



Gay Sail




Tours & Packages





Low-Cost Flights





Car Rental





Flights


















Bear Carnival Maspalomas 2017,
March 19 - 27, 2017

Gran Canaria is the Europe's Nr.1 gay beach destination, and
Bear Carnival is the World's funniest bear week!
Beach weather... in winter! Gran Canaria is a subtropical island. In March, we have 20-25°C with no rain. Enjoy the beach and bear pool parties 3 months before summer!
Almost 30 events in 9 days with a huge international promotion. From clubbing and pool parties, to cruises and smaller "social" events were it's easier to talk and get to know each other. Imagine our superlative gay scene, plus the vibe from hundreds of bears dressed up for our carnival ! Try our new "F.U.R." sex parties for bears and admirers at Maspalomas' legendary gay sex clubs.
The best Gay Resorts in Gran Canaria and gay friendly apartments, bungalows & hotels around the Yumbo Center will be fully booked very early again!
Don't delay, book your Maspalomas Bear Carnival 2017 gay holidays today!





































Gay Gran Canaria Info

The gay live on the island, especially in the south has fully found his place. Yumbo center ,the largest entertainment center is gay orientated, with dozens of gay bars and discotheques.

Many gays from all over the world visits the warm and sunny island. Naturally the different accommodations anticipated on this, You can find several gay-only accommodations on the island. of course you can find gay-friendly accommodations as well. So you just can be yourself and no need to worry about what other people will think.

Although going out on the island is fantastic, the island has much more to offer, Throughout the entire year the dunes and the beaches are very popular. On the nude beach there is a separate gay area. Here you can enjoy the sun, listen to the music and see the beautiful mountains.,. So you can see that the island has much more to offer.

Because Gran Canaria is stated on the same geographical line as the south of Morocco, you can enjoy the wonderful climate of the island all seasons. In December during daytime the temperate is approximately 24 degrees Celsius and in July it's around the 30 degrees, with a delicious sea breeze.

Furthermore the mountains are a forgotten place, probably because the south has already so much to offer. A day trip to the mountains is certainly recommendable. The Canary Islands are from nature volcanic islands, you can see the rough beauty clearly in the mountains. Since the end of the 14th century the Canary Islands belong to Spain, so spanish is the main language on the island. When you go to the highest point of the island ((1949 meters) you will find rough mountains, valley with palm trees and needle forests. And with a clear view you can see the top of Tenerife, which is with 3700 meters the highest mountain of Spain.

Gran Canaria the Conclusion:

24/7 gaylife the entire year.
The whole year delicious sun, sea and beach,
and beautiful nature.








Artemisa Gay Bungalows

AxelBeach Maspalomas Apartments

Basement Studios

Beach Boys Boutique Resort

Birdcage Gay Resort

Club Torso Gay Resort

Los Almendros Gay Bungalows

Los Tucanes Bungalows

Nayra Gay Resort

Nayra Anexo Gay Bungalows

Parthenon Resort

Pasion Tropical Gay Boutique Resort

Paso Chico Gay Bungalows

Placida Mar Apartments

Rainbow Golf Gay Bungalows

Tenesoya Gay Bungalows

Tropical La Zona Bungalows

Villas Blancas Gay Resort

Villas Blancas 2 Gay Resort

Vista Bonita Gay Resort









AC Hotel Las Palmas

AnaMar Suites ApartHotel

Barbados Apartments

Barcelo Margaritas Hotel

Buenos Aires Apartments

Don Diego Apartments

Eugenia Victoria Hotel

Gold by Marina Hotel

IFA Buenaventura Hotel

IFA Catarina Hotel

IFA Continental Hotel

IFA Dunamar Hotel

IFA Faro Hotel

Jardin Dorado Suite Bungalows

Judoca Colors Apartments

Koka Apartments

Las Gacelas Apartments

Las Rosas Apartments

Las Walkirias Resort

Lopesan Baobab Resort Hotel

Lopesan Costa Meloneras Resort Hotel

Lopesan Villa del Conde Resort

Los Tilos Apartments

Miraflor Suites Bungalows

Neptuno Hotel

Parque Mar Bungalows

Parque Sol Bungalows

Parque Tropical Hotel

Playa del Sol Apartments

Rey Carlos Hotel

Riu Don Miguel Hotel

Riu Flamingo ApartHotel

Riu Palace Maspalomas Hotel

Riu Palace Meloneras Resort

Riu Papayas Hotel

Rondo ApartHotel

Roque Nubblo Apartments

Sol Barbacan ApartHotel

Tenesor Apartments

Teneguia Apartments

Villa Grecia

Villas Salobre Golf & Resort

Vital Suites Hotel & Spa

Walhalla Apartments








Check hotel prices, availability and book hotel with instant confirmation:

Hotels in Maspalomas

Hotels in Playa del Inglés

Hotels in Las Palmas

Gran Canaria Island Hotels

Gay Friendly Deals
Or check other our partners
listed at our
links pages
.






















Destinations Home



Home



Hotels & BB



Gay Gran Canaria



Beaches



Cruising & Saunas



Yumbo Centre



Gay Places



Gay Men's Guide



Gay Weddings



Weather



Maspalomas Map



Car Hire



Getting There



Flights



Transfers & Parking



Gay Friendly Hotels



More Hotels



Gay Friendly Deals



More Gran Canaria...








All-Gay Cruises

Gay Group Cruises

Gay Sailing Cruises

All-Gay Resorts

All-Gay Tours

Happy-Gay Destinations

Tenerife

Ibiza

Sitges

Mykonos

Happy-Gay Hotels

Travel Insurance

Car Rentals

Low-Cost Flights

Flights Booking

Happy-Gay Shop

Links

Site Map




















































































Gay Gran Canaria




Welcome to Gay Gran Canaria

The volcanic Island of Gran Canaria, situated off the coast of Africa, is a gay man's dream - it's got sun, sea and sex in abundance and what's more it's a year round fantasy island.
Gran Canaria is the number one gay travel destination in Europe.
Located just 4 hours from most Northern Europe's airports it's an easy destination to obtain that perfect tan. If you want to get a bit cultural head into the mountains where the scenery changes from volcanic dryness to pine forests and evergreen shrubs.

More...



Staying There - Gran Canaria Gay Accommodation

Many gays from all over the world visits the warm and sunny island. Naturally the different accommodations anticipated on this, You can find several gay-only accommodations on the island. of course you can find gay-friendly accommodations as well. So you just can be yourself and no need to worry about what other people will think.
Currently, Happy Gay Travel offers the largest number of exclusively gay accommodation on Gran Canaria.


More...



Getting There - Flights to Gran Canaria

As Gran Canaria is an island, there are no options for getting here other than by air. A
ferry service
operates from Fuerteventura, but this is aimed at day-trippers only and not as a service for those arriving here on package holidays.

More...



The Gay Scene in Gran Canaria

Gran Canaria's gay and lesbian scene is mainly located in the south of the island – Maspalomas and Playa del Inglés. The majority of the gay scene is based in the Yumbo Centre, Playa del Inglés - the main shopping centre by day and den of iniquity by night.
In day time, YUMBO Center is nothing more than a tourist trap, offering cheap souvenirs, clothing and other stuff you don't need to old people from Germany and Scandinavia, too old to bake in the sun all day. But at night, Yumbo transfers into the center of gay nightlife!

More...



The Gay Beaches in Gran Canaria

The main gay beach can be found between Maspalomas and Playa del Ingles. Here is where the boys (and slightly older gentlemen) lay down in the sun, hand around at the bar or swim in the ocean.
It's not so much a beach as a piece of desert 8 kms long by 3 kms wide with 4 meter high sand dunes!
the main attraction of the gay beach (and maybe of the whole island) are the sand dunes behind the gay beach.
Keep your valuables at home!

More...



Gay Events & useful dates in Gran Canaria

The islands three week carnival usually happens at beginning of February and it's a huge glamorous affair with costumes worthy of a place in a Las Vegas casino.
Gran Canaria hosts a number of gay and gay friendly events each year.

The key dates for 2017 are:
Las Palmas Carnival: February 10 - March 5, 2017 (Drag Queen Gala - February 27, 2017; the
Carnival Parade - March 4, 2017)
Maspalomas Carnival: March 4 - 12, 2017 (Theme - Eurocarnaval 2017)
Bear Carnival Maspalomas 2017: March 19 - 27, 2017
Semana Santa 2017: April 9 - 15, 2017
Gay Pride Maspalomas 2017: May 04 - 14, 2017
Circuit Gay Festival Gran Canaria 2017: May 10 - 14, 2017
Gay Pride Las Palmas: Dates TBA
Dunas Gay Festival 2017: August 10 - 15, 2017
Freedom Gay Festival 2017: October 4 - 8, 2017
Maspalomas Fetish Week 2017: October 7 - 15, 2017
Maspalomas Winter Pride 2017: November 6 - 12, 2017
German Carnival 2017: November 11, 2017
Together Gay Winter Festival 2017: December, 2017
More...

Gran Canaria Gay Weddings and Celebrations

The realisation that you want to commit to your partner is one of the most exciting moments of your lives and one worthy of the very best gay wedding ceremony and celebration, according to your individual needs.
Where to start! With such busy lives and so much information that perfect day can seem like a nightmare instead of a dream gay wedding.We can make your dream a reality. So whether you are looking for a commitment ceremony, civil partnership, affirmation or celebration, let the specialist gay wedding planners in Gran Canaria create your perfect dream day.

More...



























HOME
|
CRUISES CALENDAR
|
GAY GROUP CRUISES
|
RESORTS CALENDAR
|
TOURS CALENDAR
|
GAY DESTINATIONS
|
SITE MAP
|
LINKS

reservations@happygaytravel.com









©2006-2017, Happy Travel, Ltd. All rights reserved










