
Gay Mykonos. Mykonos, Greece gay travel. Mykonos gay holidays - Happy Gay Travel Destinations




































Home





Destinations





Cruises





Group Cruises



Gay Sail




Tours & Packages





Low-Cost Flights





Car Rental





Flights


















XLsior Mykonos
Gay Festival 2017

XLSIOR Mykonos, the summer's hottest international gay festival returns to the spectacular island of Mykonos, August 23 till 30 included, for 8 days of real gay fun and party holidays with an incredible line up of talent.
Mykonos island, over 30,000 people from all over the world all connected by love and the universal language of music. This is XLSIOR and what XLSIOR is all about. Old friends, NEW friends and loved ones. This is where all the magic begins. Bringing you one of the most exclusive international Summer Gay Festivals in the world. As every year, XLSIOR grows bigger and brings you more.
Hosting some of the most major artists in the gay circuit scene. XLSIOR brings you the "crème de la crème" of the gay world. Marking an unforgettable experience with the careful selection of its open air and outdoor breathtaking venues. Where fun has a NEW meaning. XLSIOR Mykonos has clearly become the gay festival in fashion, who wants to be different and that all gay travelers want to try.
The unique Mykonian summer atmosphere with the most beautiful Mediterranean beaches makes you feel on a Gay Paradise enjoying the best Parties and Artists hosted in outstanding venues like nowhere else. Get ready to party under the vibes of the best global clubbing brands all united in one festival!!!


































Gay Mykonos Info

Unlike many resorts, Mykonos has retained an air of exclusivity that ups your status to A-list the moment you step off the plane. What's great about Mykonos is this exclusivity comes attitude free and once you're on this cosmopolitan island, the friendly atmosphere instantly relaxes even the weariest traveller and you know your holiday has begun.

International jetsetters have been visiting Mykonos since the 60's when the island created a liberated paradise away from gay oppression. Very little of the island has changed since then and the unspoilt resort remains as idyllic as ever. A trademark quartet of windmills overlook the town and the picturesque Paraportiani Church (described as 'an organic masterpiece of accidental architecture') is bound to get your shutters clicking. The Mediterranean climate provides long, hot summers with very little rain so pack your skimpiest outfits and plenty of sun cream.

As you stroll through the main town you'll see every pair of designer sunglasses available this season, but Mykonos has been home to pleasure seekers for many years and extravagance is all part of the charm. For those of you with money to burn, follow your fashion AtoZ: Mykonos has every label from Alexander McQueen to Yves St. Laurent and everything in between. While life on the island isn't cheap, sophistication rules without the feeling of superiority and breaking the bank isn't essential - just lots of fun. Chichi boutiques and galleries provide the perfect place for shopaholics but reasonably priced bars and cafes allow you to relax in style. It's easy to spend those Euros wisely while still soaking up the atmos, just ask our reps to point the way.

Mykonos Town is the gay hub and your time could easily be spent without ever leaving its confines. Row upon row of gleaming white-washed houses line its labyrinth of streets which are too narrow for cars but wide enough to wander. Stepping into these buildings reveals something of a time warp as the ancient and beautiful architecture deceptively shroud stunning interiors that are bang up to date. While the centre itself is no bigger than Soho, the wide variety of distractions make it hard to cross the same path twice, so enjoy meandering while soaking up the sun.
More...

Mykonos the Conclusion:

For a beautiful relaxing gay holiday you can't beat Mykonos. The old town and beaches are idyllic. Take extra cash as Mykonos is expensive compared to other Greek islands but offers a feeling of exclusivity i.e. you get a slightly better class of queen compared to Ibiza or Gran Canaria. It is also good destination for gay couples as there is plenty to do away from the gay bars. It is not unusual to see gay couples walking down the streets holding hands. The Greeks don't batt an eyelid as they are aware of who is paying the bills.








Elysium Hotel

Geranium Hotel

Town Suites

Amazing View Hotel

Andromeda Residence

Bill & Co Suites

Boheme Luxury Suites Hotel

FreshHotel

Golden Star Hotel

La Veranda of Mykonos

Little Rochari Hotel

Panthea Residence

Villa Konstantin








Adonis Hotel

Alkyon Hotel

Anastasios Sevasti Hotel

Apollonia Bay Hotel

Apanema Resort Hotel

Argo Hotel

Arte & Mare Elia Suites

Belvedere Hotel

Carbonaki Hotel

Cavo Tagoo Hotel

Dionysos Hotel

Elena Hotel

En Lefko Prive Suites Hotel

Gorgona Hotel

Grand Beach Hotel

Harmony Boutique Hotel

Hermes Hotel

Ilio Maris Hotel

Kivotos Club Hotel

Kourus Hotel

Magas Hotel

Matina Hotel

Myconian Ambassador Hotel & Resort

Myconian Imperial Hotel and Thalasso Center

Mykonos Blu Resort

Mykonos Chora Apartments

Mykonos Grand Hotel & Resort

Ostraco Suites Hotel

Pelican Bay Art Hotel

Petasos Beach Resort Hotel

Petasos Town Hotel

Princess of Mykonos Hotel

Rochari Hotel

Royal Myconian Hotel and Thalasso Center

Saint John Hotel & Resort

Santa Marina Hotel Resort

Semeli Hotel

Tharroe of Mykonos Hotel

Theoxenia Mykonos Hotel

Vencia Boutique Hotel

Vienoula's Garden Hotel








Check hotel prices, availability and book hotel with instant confirmation:

Hotels, Resorts & Apartments in Mykonos

Mykonos Hotels & Apartments


More Gay Friendly Hotels and Deals
Or check other our partners
listed at our
links pages
.






























Destinations Home



Mykonos Home



Hotels & BB



Mykonos Gay Excursions



More Mykonos Excursions



Gay Commitment Ceremonies



Mykonos Gay Travel Packages



Mykonos Short Escapes



Gay Mykonos



More Gay Mykonos



Arriving Mykonos



Mykonos Gay Beaches



Mykonos Gay Cruising



Mykonos Gay Bars



Mykonos Weather



Car Hire



Flights



Travel Extras



Mykonos Island Map



Mykonos Town Map



More Gay Friendly Deals



More Mykonos...








All-Gay Cruises

Gay Group Cruises

All-Gay Resorts

All-Gay Tours

Happy-Gay Destinations

Gran Canaria

Tenerife

Ibiza

Sitges

Happy-Gay Hotels

Travel Insurance

Car Rentals

Low-Cost Flights

Flight Search

Happy-Gay Shop

Links

Site Map









































































Gay Mykonos





Welcome to Gay Mykonos

Mykonos has always been a popular destination for gay travellers ever since the island's glamorous jet set days of the 60's. It's never been cheap, but then its air of exclusivity, sophistication and magic would never have existed if it had been invaded by the package holiday Sangria crowds that most of us prefer to avoid!
The Greek island's reputation as a gay haunt goes back decades when the place offered a liberal respite from Britain's less than emancipated views of homosexuality in the 60's and 70's. Gay folks still flock to the tiny white paradise and, despite the influx of international pleasure seekers, it remains unspoilt and friendly.
The island of Mykonos is famous for its cosmopolitan atmosphere, its exciting nightlife, its picturesque
Cycladic
capital and its lively sandy beaches. You'll find some great beaches and bays, many of which are clothing optional.

More...


Staying There

Mykonos Town is the place where most gay traveler prefer to stay. It's a place where cars are banned, is a maze of paved streets complete with stunning white-washed houses. We guarantee that the beauty of the town will dazzle you!
Happy Gay Travel offer a variety of gay friendly accommodation, most in Mykonos Town. These range from relatively reasonable priced to top end – with prices to match!
If your favorite hotel is not here, then please feel free to contact us, as we are sure we would be able to obtain competitive rates.
Accommodation only is available for all our product range to Mykonos, with any day arrivals. There may be minimum stay requirements, especially in the peak periods.

More...


Getting There

Happy Gay Travel offers a great value deals for holidays to Mykonos, together with largest UK and European tour operators, and Greece Gay travel companies - Matt Holidays and Mykonos Accommodation Center.
Mykonos Island National Airport is served by some international airlines and charters that include
Air Berlin

,
Austrian
(from Vienna),
Blu-Express
(from Rome),
Transavia
(from Paris and Amsterdam),
easyJet
(from Milan),
AirOne
(from Milan),
Volotea
(from Venice, Bari, Naples),
Edelweiss Air
(from Zurich),
German Wings
(from Berlin, Cologne),
Condor Airlines
(from Frankfurt),
Iberia
(from Madrid), among others. Most of these airlines operate during summer season.
Happy Gay Travel main flights are on
easyJet
from Gatwick, Manchester & Luton and
Thomsonfly
from Gatwick. Daily options are available on
Aegean Airlines
from London and
Olympic Airlines
from London Heathrow and Manchester (these flights operate with a change of aircraft at Athens). If you prefer to use this option, then please ask us for further information.
If you wish to book a trip in winter season, then please write us for further information.
If you are travelling to Mykonos, it's worth booking early. With very few direct flights from the UK, places fill up fast.

More...


The Gay Scene in Mykonos

This is not Ibiza. There are no big gay venues and no all-night rave parties. Mykonos is a place for unwinding and relaxing. The scene is petite and stylish.
The island has six gay bars and clubs, which are concentrated in three locations near the old harbour front, where the small fishing boats are moored.
Despite Mykonos having become a euphemism for 'gay paradise', it's also popular with the straights. Thankfully they tend to be a more avuncular and sophisticated crowd than your average Chav from Dagenham.
The island has been used to the pink pound for decades, but the gay scene is not at all ghettoised and you'll probably feel just as comfortable in the many mixed bars as the more obvious gay ones. As the place isn't a main family hot spot you'll find that the straights are basically just like you; out for a good time, wanting to relax, have fun and do it all irrespective of sexuality.

More...


The Gay Beaches in Mykonos

There are three main beaches, each with gay and nude sections: Paradise, Super Paradise and Elia. Tucked into small coves and protected by rocky headlands, these crescent-shaped strips of sand are lined with trees and dotted with thatched sunshades. Small bars and restaurants overlook the turquoise-coloured sea. From early evening onwards, the bars turn up the volume and become open-air dance clubs, packed with partygoers nearly all night long.
Buses go direct from the town to Elia and Paradise, via narrow, winding roads over rocky hills. Super Paradise is accessible only by fishing boat (from either Paradise or Platys Yialos). Alternatively, you can hire a jeep from around £26 a day or a motor scooter from about £8.
For hyperactive party animals, an exhilarating alternative to the beach is Water Mania, a fabulous water theme park near Elia, with giant water slides, shutes and spirals - some up to 244 metres long.

More...


Travel Around Gay Mykonos

Mykonos has a wonderfully rich and variegated past, a marvelous history, and an honored place in Greek mythology. There are always surprises to be found here!
The light of Apollo is evident everywhere on the island, and art, beauty, and form are all visible in the simplicity and eloquence of dazzling white structures and a centuries-old labyrinth of tiny streets and alleyways. The light is further enhanced by the reflection of aqua jewelled and crystal clean waters. All of this, combined with outstanding accommodation, a shopping paradise, excellent cuisine, and marvelous entertainment settings, proves again and again, that Mykonos is the quintessential island paradise of the Aegean Sea.


More...







































HOME
|
CRUISES CALENDAR
|
GAY GROUP CRUISES
|
RESORTS CALENDAR
|
TOURS CALENDAR
|
GAY DESTINATIONS
|
SITE MAP
|
LINKS

reservations@happygaytravel.com









©2006-2017, Happy Travel, Ltd. All rights reserved












