
Gay Ibiza. Ibiza gay travel. Ibiza gay holidays & vacations - Happy Gay Travel Destinations



































Home





Destinations





Cruises





Group Cruises



Gay Sail




Tours & Packages





Low-Cost Flights





Car Rental





Flights













































Gay Ibiza Info

Ibiza is the kind of place that makes you wet your knickers with excitement. Stunning beaches, stunning clubs, stunning weather, stunning men - Ibiza has it all. In fact, it has the holiday experience so right that you may never want to leave.

If the word Ibiza still evokes images of a less than sophisticated group of British youngsters vomiting in the street, then think again - it really couldn't be more different. When they finished filming 'Ibiyfa Uncovered', a 20ft electric fence must have been erected around San Antonio because none of the archetypal tit-flashers seem capable of venturing outside of this tiny area - thankfully. While there are some real tourist traps around, they are easily avoided and the rest of the island is open for your delectation.

A typical day could go something like this: Wake up next to the bronzed Spanish body you fully explored the night before and indulge yourself with a late breakfast. A quick dip in the pool (gently heated to perfection by the glistening sun) then throw on your linen trousers to head to the beach where people frolic in the waves in gay abandonment before peeling off their clothes to blend in those tan lines. Be waited on hand and foot by Alvaro or Nacho (or some-Juan else) as they help you avoid straining any muscles by delivering your desires direct to your sun lounger. If you do break a nail, no need to worry, one of the beachside masseurs will help you relieve your worries (and boy are they cute). When the sun gets too much, a spot of seafood in a sheltered restaurant will help cool you off while you weigh up the pros and cons of a night in the bars versus dancing until the early hours in one of Ibiza's superclubs - decision, decisions.

This is the Ibiza you'll love and we gays have colonised the most beautiful part of the island. Ibiza Town (or Eivissa as the maps will tell you) is the major port of the island and bustles with cosmopolitan vigour. As you sashay through the streets your eyes will been drawn skywards to the towering ramparts that protect the old town (D'alt Vila), home to much of Ibiza's gay scene. This exquisite medieval fortress is a maze of archways, cobbled streets, and castle turrets with outstanding restaurants and bars thrown in for good measure.
More...

Ibiza the Conclusion:

Stunning beaches, stunning clubs, stunning weather, stunning men - Ibiza has it all. In fact, it has the holiday experience so right that you may never want to leave.




Casa Alexio

Cenit Hotel & Apartments

La Finca Ibiza

Marigna Hotel


The Purple Hotel by Ibiza Feeling






Argos Hotel

Arlanza Apartments

Central Playa Hotel

Don Quijote Hotel

Ebano Apartments

El Hotel Pacha

El Puerto Hotel & Apartments

Es Vive Hotel

Figueretas Hotel

Ibiza Playa Hotel

La Torre del Canonigo Hotel

Lido Apartments

Llobet Apartments

Los Molinos Hotel & Apartments

Lux Isla Hotel

Lux Mar Hotel Apartments

Mare Nostrum Hotel

Maritimo Hotel

Mar Y Playa Apartments

Montesol Hotel

Nautico Ebeso Hotel

Playa Sol I & II Apartments

Poseidon III Apartments

Roberto Playa HRS

Royal Plaza Hotel

Ryans Marina Hotel

Talamanca Hostal

Tivoli Apartments





Aguas de Ibiza Lifestyle & Spa

Barcelo Pueblo Ibiza Hotel

Garbi Ibiza Hotel & Spa

Grand Palladium Palace Ibiza Resort & Spa

Hard Rock Hotel Ibiza

Ibiza Gran Hotel

La Ventana Hotel

Los Robles Apartments

Mariano Apartments

Migjorn Ibiza Suites & Spa

Mirador de Dalt Vila Hotel

Ocean Drive Hotel

Sirenis Hotel Goleta & Spa

Sirenis Hotel Tres Carabelas

Sol Beach House Ibiza Hotel

Sol Pinet Playa Hotel

Torre del Mar Hotel

Tropic Garden Hotel

Ushuaia Ibiza Beach Hotel































Destinations Home



Ibiza Home



Hotels & BB



Gay Ibiza



More Gay Ibiza



Arriving Ibiza



Ibiza Gay Beaches



Ibiza Gay Cruising



Ibiza Gay Bars



Ibiza Gay Clubs



Ibiza Clubbing



Ibiza Gay Restaurants



Ibiza Weather



Around Ibiza



Car Hire



Flights



More Gay Friendly Deals



More Ibiza...








All-Gay Cruises

Gay Group Cruises

All-Gay Resorts

All-Gay Tours

Happy-Gay Destinations

Gran Canaria

Tenerife

Sitges

Mykonos

Happy-Gay Hotels

Travel Insurance

Car Rentals

Low-Cost Flights

Flight Search

Ferry Booking

Happy-Gay Shop

Links

Site Map








































































































































Gay Ibiza









Welcome to Gay Ibiza

Since the 1960's it has been one of Europe's main summer gay holiday destinations. Residents have long recognised the popularity of their island with gay men and lesbians from around the world.
The original home of the Balearic beat, famous for its image - loud, brash and utterly outrageous. Whilst the straight holiday hoards head for the "lager lout" resort of San Antonio, gay and lesbian visitors prime destination is the Island's capital - Ibiza Town, a quaint old town with plenty of atmosphere and character. Originally starting out as an inexpensive artists location, Ibiza has been an extremely popular Gay destination for over twenty years. As time passed, the island has been adopted by gay European trend setters and is becoming more and more attractive with American visitors. It's still relatively unspoiled and an interesting place to spend a week or two. Many visitors go simply to enjoy the archaeological sites and the two museums, others find great pleasure in visiting the studios and ateliers at Santa Eulailia Del Rio. To the south west of the town centre is the Puig des Molins, a Punic cemetery. The two other major tourist centres are the coastal towns of San Antonio Abad and Santa Eulalia del Río. If you fancy a flutter, the Island has its own Casino. Aside from all this, the major attraction is the very relaxed atmosphere of the island. Residents have long recognised that the popularity of their island with gay men and lesbians from around the world have brought them great recognition and prosperity.

More...


Staying There - Ibiza Gay & Gay Friendly Hotels

Happy Gay Travel offers a great selection of sought after accommodation in Ibiza Town and Figueretas.
These cater for most gay travellers and your and range from value for money to up market.
Like our other resorts, you will soon note a large increase of gay and gay friendly accommodation which will be added in the near future.

More...



Getting There

Happy Gay Travel offers a great value deals for holidays to Ibiza, together with largest UK & European tour operators. Travel package flights are operated mostly by
British Airways
,
easyJet
,
Ryanair
,
Monarch Airlines
,
Vueling
,
and
Iberia
. These are easily more reason that charter based holidays if booked early enough, and operate at various times of the day from mainly Gatwick and Heathrow airports. Regional airports and flights from Dublin and other European airports are also available.
Being an island, there are only two ways to get to Ibiza. Most people prefer to fly into Es Codolar International Airport, as it's the quickest and most convenient option. Several flights arrive each day from a few major Spanish cities as well as from Palma de Mallorca and UK destinations. The other choice is to take a ferry. Ferry services are good and at least one boat per day arrives at Ibiza. The main advantage of taking the ferry is that you can bring your car.

More...



The Gay Scene in Ibiza

Once the sun sets, your destination will undoubtedly be the centre of Ibiza Town where you'll find an abundance of
gay bars
and
clubs
. There's something to suit every taste - from small, intimate bars and
restaurants
to large, outrageous clubs, some with open-air dancefloors overlooking the sea, floorshows, live bands and orchestras. Bear in mind, the clubs can be expensive and tickets for the best nights are sometimes difficult to obtain. The varied local cuisine includes rabbit, a wide selection of seafood and pork dishes and numerous locally grown fruits and vegetables. The island has plenty of good wines and aromatic liqueurs and imported alcoholic and soft drinks are also widely available. There are also plenty of cinemas, theatres, concerts and art exhibitions. Also remember, you'll need to
get around
the island by local taxi but these are plentiful and cheap.

More...



The Gay Beaches in Ibiza

There are over 80 different beaches on Ibiza, each one with its own character and atmosphere. Some are sandy, some have pebbles, some are busy and easily reached, others are remote and secluded. There is a beach for all tastes.
There are two main superb gay beaches on Ibiza, with a scattering of other popular beaches around the island. Really the whole of the south of the island has a bustling gay culture ingrained in the clubbing and tourist scene so no problemos with the closed minded on this little beauty of a Med Island.

Cruising
rules pretty much across the south so get ya glad rags on. Also, there's no shortage of Nude beaches and sunbathing spots, with plenty of private rocky coves if your bits are for the chosen few alone.

Playa des Cavallet
, just south of the airport in Ibiza has to be the most popular gay beach on the island, but Ibiza is an island of miles of unspoilt coastline and you choose your spot according to taste. If you're looking for seclusion you'll find it on Ibiza's coast!

More...



Ibiza Clubbing

Ibiza has retained a status for being 'the' clubbing island for a very long time. Occasionally an article will appear stating that it is all over and Goa or Ayia Napa is now the place to see or be seen, but it still does not make any difference to the thousands flocking to Ibiza week after week.
One thing needs stating at the start, if you are looking for a gay club that you will immediately recognise as such, stick to
Anfora
within the walls of Dalt Vila in Ibiza Town, or for as long as it is open Babylon in Botafoc.
Though the majority of the mega-clubs (outside of San Antonio) have at least one gay or "poly-sexual" party a week, these are still predominantly straight affairs. Having said that, if you do want to give the legendary Ibicencen club scene a try at least once in your lifetime, the following pages should point you towards the best nights on offer. Hitting the right club, on the right night, may give you a fresh perspective on why so many people fall in love with the mega-clubs...

More...






Ibiza Gay Pride 2016

Gay Pride retutns to Ibiza June 6 - 12, 2016!
This year sees the return of the second Ibiza Gay Pride following a big dive back in after several years' absence. This year's event,
Ibiza Gay Pride – Full Colour
will be another one-week celebration with extra events packed into the seven days. The event has been moved to early June (6-12 June) in a bid to offer a celebratory LGBT start to the season.
The port stage, the end point for the Gay Rights March last year will provide extra entertainment on the first four days of the event and will feature many different artists and dancers. The clubbing events will increase with five special nights in total across different clubs and the daytime beach activities will continue meaning there'll be entertainment on a 24/7 basis – be prepared for some power naps.
Don't delay, book your Ibiza Gay Pride 2016 accommodation today!

More...










































HOME
|
CRUISES CALENDAR
|
GAY GROUP CRUISES
|
RESORTS CALENDAR
|
TOURS CALENDAR
|
GAY DESTINATIONS
|
SITE MAP
|
LINKS

reservations@happygaytravel.com









©2006-2016, Happy Travel, Ltd. All rights reserved












