
Four Seasons Mexico City - Mexico City, Mexico | Classic Travel













Register



Login
















Home


Hotels


ClassicTravel Hotels
Virtuoso Hotels
"Preferred" Plat Hotels
Bellini Club Hotels
More...




Specialty travel


World's Best Safari
Honeymoons
Private Jet World Tour
Vietnam & Cambodia
North Island, N.Z.
Africa
Migration
Turkish Delight
More...




Guides


Lisbon
Berlin
Paris
Istanbul
Madrid
Siem Reap
Shanghai
More...



Blog

Contact Us






















Four Seasons Mexico City





Other hotels in the area


Back to search Results






Mexico City, Mexico















Previous


Next












Four Seasons Mexico City



Paseo de la Reforma 500,
Mexico City, Mexico




Hotel on Map







Setting:

City,
Virtuoso


Ambiance:

Classic Luxury


Activities & Dining:

Spa, Gym, Fine Dining, Swimming


Add Hotel to your favorites





What's in
Mexico City
now?








Facebook




Twitter






























Check-in:




Check-out:



Rooms:



1

2



Guests:



1

2

3

4



















Review

Amenities

Special Offer

Virtuoso

Users Reviews





Four Seasons Mexico D.F.
Ask any Mexico City resident what the best hotel is in their city and they will more then likely reply that it is the
Four Seasons Mexico D.F.
The Four Seasons Mexico D.F. is located on the Reforma and Chapultecpec Park and gets more repeat business then anyone else in town.  Don’t think for a minute that all this popularity makes the staff reticent.  They always seem be out performing themselves.
The low-key, classic modern architecture perfectly suits this discreet, refined hotel, an eight-story quadrangle styled after a palace. A cream marble lobby is impeccably maintained and both the bellhops and reception staffers treat everyone like a CEO or ambassador—only natural where many of the guests really are one or the other.
The lobby at
Four Seasons Mexico D.F.
is certainly acceptable but it is the beautifully maintained fountain courtyard that is the center piece. It is filled with carefully tended shrubs, flowers and lit torches at night. Two restaurants spill out into this area and 90% of the rooms gaze down upon it.
For dining El Bar is less formal while the restaurant Reforma 500 pulls out all the stops and is where the who's who of local politicians and captains of industry are often spotted. Regular VIPs even have their own engraved napkin holders kept in a case. The oval-backed chairs and harlequin-patterned tablecloths give some levity to the formal setting, but the fine art on the walls and formal service attire of the staff complements fine Mediterranean-fusion cuisine. Tables extend out onto the courtyard terrace, where canvas parasols cast welcome shade in summer and portable fireplaces provide heat in winter.
A heated outdoor pool and whirlpool lie next to a glass-enclosed gym on the roof. The gym open only to guests is one of the best in the city, with a good array of new equipment and individual TV screens. All these facilities at
Four Seasons Mexico D.F.
are included in the rates, as are a sauna and complimentary fruit and drinks.
Rooms facing the patio are more expensive than those facing Reforma, but all are twice as large as a typical city hotel room and totally soundproofed.
Décor at
Four Seasons Mexico D.F.
is conservative but sophisticated in typical Four Seasons style, with light brown and blue color schemes. The desks are large enough for two to work together, the glass cocktail tables look chic and French windows open to the courtyard gardens in most.
All rooms at
Four Seasons Mexico D.F.
have Flat-screen LCD TVs and DVD players. New iPod docks, cordless phones and fast wireless Internet access (for a fee) join electronic safes with a built-in laptop plug.
Baths at
Four Seasons Mexico D.F.
are fitted with magnifying mirrors, hair dryers, robes, glass-clad showers, L'Occitane toiletries, thick robes and tubs deep enough to float in. Wool blankets and down pillows covers the very comfortable beds. The mini-bars are very well stocked and ice is restocked three times a day, including at nightly turndown.
The most expensive regular rooms at
Four Seasons Mexico D.F.
are the deluxe balcony rooms on the second level. They have large French doors that open to shaded terraces overlooking the courtyard. Executive suites add a living room and Bose music systems. One-bedroom suites add a half bath and dining area, and the two-bedroom suites are enormous.
With 400 employees for 200 rooms,
Four Seasons Mexico D.F.
has the best staff-to-guest ration in the city and it shows in a service level that nobody else can match. Overnight shoeshine, free newspapers, true concierge service, and complimentary use of umbrellas and cell phones are thoughtful touches.  Though not inexpensive the value of staying here exceeds anything else in town.
Four Seasons Mexico D.F.
is a member of exclusive Virtuoso travel network. Book online or contact our Virtuoso Travel Advisor
[email protected]
for more details.
To learn more about
Virtuoso
click on the
Virtuoso Tab!





Air Conditioned

Babysitting/Child Services

Business Center

Concierge Desk

Indoor Parking

24 Hour Room Service

AM/FM Alarm Clock

Handicapped Rooms/Facilities

Wheel Chair Access

Pets Allowed

City Center

Wedding Services





Virtuoso 3rd Night Free
What’s Included:
• Upgrade upon arrival, if available
• Continental breakfast for two daily
• Complimentary lunch or dinner for up to two once during stay
Travel Dates:          12/28/2016 – 12/30/2017   (subject to availability)

Please Book online or contact our
Virtuoso Travel Advisor

[email protected]
for more details.






ClassicTravel.com members have access to Virtuoso rates with special amenities at Four Seasons Mexico City.
Please
log in
or
register
to view and book.





Write a review
































Contact Us


Corporate Travel

Security and Privacy

Terms and Conditions


















Don’t just dream of #Paris.  When a hotel becomes your home @hoteldecrillon @ Hôtel de Crillon,…

4TH Night Free in Miami -





Copyright © 2017 Classic Travel Service, Inc.
All rights reserved








