
Rosewood Castiglion del Bosco - Montalcino (SI), Italy | Classic Travel













Register



Login
















Home


Hotels


ClassicTravel Hotels
Virtuoso Hotels
"Preferred" Plat Hotels
Bellini Club Hotels
More...




Specialty travel


World's Best Safari
Honeymoons
Private Jet World Tour
Vietnam & Cambodia
North Island, N.Z.
Africa
Migration
Turkish Delight
More...




Guides


Lisbon
Berlin
Paris
Istanbul
Madrid
Siem Reap
Shanghai
More...



Blog

Contact Us






















Rosewood Castiglion del Bosco





Other hotels in the area


Back to search Results






Montalcino (SI), Italy















Previous


Next












Rosewood Castiglion del Bosco



loc Castiglion del Bosco,
Montalcino (SI), Italy




Hotel on Map







Setting:

Countryside,
Virtuoso


Ambiance:

Classic Luxury


Activities & Dining:

Golfing, Spa, Fine Dining, Swimming


Add Hotel to your favorites







Facebook




Twitter






























Check-in:




Check-out:



Rooms:



1

2



Guests:



1

2

3

4



















Review

Amenities

FreeNight

Virtuoso

Users Reviews





Rosewood Castiglion del Bosco
Castiglion del Bosco is one of the largest private estates in Tuscany, privately owned by Massimo and Chiara Ferragamo, and one of the founding members of the prestigious Brunello di Montalcino wine producers’ consortium. Situated within the Park of the Val d’Orcia, an area recognised internationally for its natural, artistic and cultural significance, this magnificent estate is ennobled by eight centuries of history. Surrounded by rolling wooded hills, extensive vineyards and farmland dotted with ancient farmhouses, Castiglion del Bosco offers its guests and members the chance to immerse themselves in the beauty of this authentic corner of Tuscany, in a setting of unparalleled elegance and refinement.
With breathtaking views across to the historic hilltown of Montalcino and a great swathe of southern Tuscany, Castiglion del Bosco is today a unique resort centred on the restored Borgo, or estate village, at its heart. The estate buildings and outlying farmhouses have been restored by local craftsmen to create sumptuous living environments, unified by a décor which channels the heritage and the rich colors of the surrounding Sienese landscape.
Perched on the top of one of the highest hills of the estate, the Borgo is, as it has been for centuries, the main hub of activities at Castiglion del Bosco. Its historic stone buildings include the Medieval church of San Michele Arcangelo, with a spectacular 1345 altar fresco by Pietro Lorenzetti. Renovated to exacting standards, the Borgo today hosts many of the estate’s exceptional amenities, including:
23 spacious suites, ranging in size from 50 to 183 sq. m (538 to 1974 sq. ft.); 3 of the estate’s 10 restored villas, each one with private heated pool; the estate’s La Canonica Cooking School; two restaurants, the Osteria La Canonica, offering a regional menu of traditional Tuscan favorites, and the Ristorante Campo del Drago, the estate’s fine dining restaurant; an organic Orto, or kitchen garden, with 180 varieties of vegetables and herbs; the Bottega, our speciality culinary shop; the Negozio, the estate’s gift shop offering a range of specially selected craft items; the CdBar and the Pool Bar, with views over the Sienese countryside; a comfortable, well-stocked cigar-room; a heated stone infinity pool with views over woods, lakes, and the hilltop town of Montalcino; the CdB Spa; a state-of-the-art fitness center; 24/7 reception, concierge and room services.
Inspired by the colours, textures and majesty of the Val d’Orcia, Il Borgo suites are a haven for relaxation and quiet contemplation, a unique vantage point from which to revel in the myriad pleasures of the Tuscan lifestyle. The suites have been lovingly restored with the utmost respect for the original architecture and traditions of this historic Estate, blending the finest antiques with custom pieces created by local artisans.
Ranging in size from 50 to 183 square metres (538 to 1974 square feet), the spacious suites offer lovely master bedrooms, airy bathrooms with sensual soaking tubs, inviting sitting rooms warmed by the Tuscan sun and private terraces with panoramic views of the countryside. State-of-the-art conveniences, including LCD TVs, Wi-Fi high-speed Internet access and iPod stations, add a touch of modernity that blends harmoniously with the sophistication of the rooms and furnishings.
After careful restoration, the Villas of Castiglion del Bosco are today elegant and stylishly furnished residences blending in perfectly with the estate’s green valleys, wooded hilltops and neatly tended vineyards.
While each Villa is unique, they are unified by a décor which channels the heritage and the rich colors of the surrounding Sienese landscape.
Each villa aims to envelop its guests in the warm embrace of Tuscan hospitality. Their elegant country-style interiors are the fruit of meticulous research, combining antiques and bespoke pieces made by local craftsmen with richly-hued fabrics and natural fibres. The harmonious fusion of ancient flavours, warm contemporary details and rooms equipped with the most modern comforts and advanced technology, makes each Castiglion del Bosco Villa a unique living experience.
The Villas vary in size, each having from 3 to 6 bedrooms, and all feature: spacious, elegant rooms; outdoor heated stone infinity pools; gorgeously landscaped lawns and gardens; inviting pergola-covered stone terraces; large fully-equipped kitchens; walk-in closets fitted with suede and leather; high-speed WiFi internet access including wireless laptop upon request; iPod docking stations and discretely placed leather-trimmed LCD flat screen televisions; laundry rooms.
Additional comforts and facilities found at many of the villas include: original outdoor wood-burning ovens; charming guest houses; generous pool houses; private tennis courts; in-villa staff quarters.
Located at the heart of Il Borgo yet at the same time intimately secluded, the CdB Spa is a haven of infinite serenity and gentleness, dominated by earthy shades and natural colors. Occupying the village’s former wine cellars, the CdB Spa features La Prairie treatments and products alongside a selection of CdB products developed with naturally derived ingredients.
With its elegant yet warm cabins, a treatment-for-two space, sauna, steam bath, relaxing area with barrelvaulted ceiling and a lush private garden, the CdB Spa is the place where mind and body find their beauty and balance.
The Spa offers a holistic pampering and relaxation experience that blends luxurious wellness ingredients with naturally derived elements, creating an infusion of all-enveloping, cleansing and endlessly vitalizing sensations. Pure simplicity.
Laid out by world-renowned British Open champion, Tom Weiskopf, Castiglion del Bosco private Golf Club is an exciting course that moulds itself to the painterly contours of the Val d’Orcia’s iconic landscape. It is designed to challenge the best of golfers and to thrill the casual golfers. Never before in Italy has a golf course been constructed with such attention to minute details. Uniquely Tuscan in nature, following the contours of an estate where vines and olives have been cultivated for centuries, the course features comprehensive practice facilities and the longest hole in Europe – the 685-yard number 13. Castiglion del Bosco private Golf Club is the ultimate expression of Tuscany’s appetite for the athletic good life.
To ensure a memorable stay, Castiglion del Bosco offers a variety of activities and excursions highlighting different aspects of the region’s history, land and culture.
For lovers of fine food, our La Canonica Cooking School explores the flavors and fragrances of Tuscan cooking. Expert chefs introduce guests to the secrets of local cuisine, guiding them in the gathering of fresh seasonal herbs and vegetables from the garden of the estate.
Castiglion del Bosco is one of the largest producers of Brunello di Montalcino. The entire wine production can be tasted at the Osteria La Canonica or in the estate’s private winery, which also houses the barricaia, an enological sanctuary where top quality wines age in French oak barriques.
Other activities that help guests enter into the heart and soul of Tuscany include landscape painting classes, truffle-hunting expeditions and visits to local events such as Siena’s world-famous Palio horse race or the Sagra del Tordo Medieval pageant in Montalcino.
The estate also offers a wide range of other sporting facilities, including a state-of-the-art fitness center, wellness boot camp in the woods, tennis and bocce courts, yoga and pilates lessons, archery and miles of hiking, running and mountain bike trails.
The two restaurants and the pool bar of the Borgo offer seasonal menus using the finest local ingredients complemented by an extensive list of Castiglion del Bosco and regional wines, together with celebrated international labels.
The Osteria La Canonica, the casual restaurant on the estate, offers tasty dishes of traditional Tuscan cuisine and delicious pizzas cooked in the wood-burning oven, while the Ristorante Campo del Drago offers more refined dishes in a sophisticated and elegant setting.
The magnificent Orto organic garden, designed by the landscapers of the Vatican Gardens, is home to over 180 varieties of vegetables and aromatic herbs which are used in the kitchens of our restaurants.
Rosewood Castiglion del Bosco
is a member of exclusive Virtuoso travel network. Book online or contact our Virtuoso Travel Advisor
[email protected]
for more details.
To learn more about Virtuoso click on the
Virtuoso Tab!







Newspaper

24-hour front desk

Air conditioning

Concierge desk

Laundry/Valet service

Outdoor pool

Pool

Restaurant

Room service

Safe deposit box

Valet parking

Wakeup service

Bell staff/porter

Lounges/bars

Full service housekeeping

Turndown service

Children welcome

Child programs





Virtuoso 4th Night Free
Guest staying three nights will received third night or fourth night free. The fourth night / third night must be a consecutive-night stay and a complimentary night is only applicable on that stay. Available for rooms, suites and villas on selected dates through through the 2016 and subject to availability.
What’s Included:
• Upgrade on arrival, subject to availability
• Tuscan or American breakfast daily, already included in rates
• $100 USD Equivalent Resort or Hotel credit, to be utilized during stay (not combinable, not valid on room rate, no cash value if not redeemed in full)
• For guests staying in Villa, 1 ready-to-eat dinner delivered in Villa on the arrival day
• Early check-in/late check-out, subject to availability
Travel Date:          04/12/2017 – 11/18/2017 (subject to availability)
***Please Note: Blackout dates may apply for all of them
Please Book online
or contact our
Virtuoso Travel Advisor

[email protected]
for more details.






For 2018, Virtuoso Rate Includes:
• Upgrade on arrival, subject to availability (not applicable to Villas)
• Full breakfast daily for guests in Room/Suite, available through restaurant only. For guests in Villa: breakfast delivered every morning in Villa only.
• $100 USD equivalent Spa Services credit to be utilized during stay (not applicable to spa products, not combinable, no cash value if not redeemed in full)
• For guests staying in Villa: Villa Delivery Dinner, upon arrival day, for all Guests in Villas (for minimum two Guests per villa)
• Early check-in/late check-out, subject to availability
• Complimentary Wi-Fi
Why Book Virtuoso?

Exclusive rates at luxury properties worldwide VIP amenities for the discerning traveler
How to Book the Virtuoso Rate?
As a member of ClassicTravel.com, be sure to view the gold labeled Virtuoso rates when checking availability at Rosewood Castiglion del Bosco. Enjoy the benefits of Virtuoso and booking with ClassicTravel.com!
Please Book directly online or contact our Virtuoso Travel Advisor
[email protected]
for more details.





Write a review
































Contact Us


Corporate Travel

Security and Privacy

Terms and Conditions


















Don’t just dream of #Paris.  When a hotel becomes your home @hoteldecrillon @ Hôtel de Crillon,…

4TH Night Free in Miami -





Copyright © 2017 Classic Travel Service, Inc.
All rights reserved








