
The Upper House - Hong Kong, China | Classic Travel













Register



Login
















Home


Hotels


ClassicTravel Hotels
Virtuoso Hotels
"Preferred" Plat Hotels
Bellini Club Hotels
More...




Specialty travel


World's Best Safari
Honeymoons
Private Jet World Tour
Vietnam & Cambodia
North Island, N.Z.
Africa
Migration
Turkish Delight
More...




Guides


Lisbon
Berlin
Paris
Istanbul
Madrid
Siem Reap
Shanghai
More...



Blog

Contact Us






















The Upper House





Other hotels in the area


Back to search Results






Hong Kong, China















Previous


Next












The Upper House



88 Queensway,
Hong Kong, China




Hotel on Map







Setting:

City,
Virtuoso


Ambiance:

Contemporary


Activities & Dining:

Gym, Fine Dining, Shopping


Add Hotel to your favorites





What's in
Hong Kong
now?








Facebook




Twitter






























Check-in:




Check-out:



Rooms:



1

2



Guests:



1

2

3

4



















Review

Amenities

Virtuoso

Special Offer

Users Reviews





The Upper House
Everyone seems to love
The Upper House
. Maybe because it's owned by the same company that owns one of the world's favorite airlines, Cathay Pacific.  The location at Pacific Place is well suited for visitors and tourists alike, however,  it’s all about the service and that is what everyone raves about.  Warm, friendly and informal, it's more home than hotel.
The Upper House
has 117 rooms and starting at 730 sq ft they are the largest in Hong Kong. All feature scenic harbour or island views, including 21 suites and 2 penthouses. Rooms start on the 38th floor and the large windows assure that all have great Hong Kong views.  Guestroom features include spacious bathrooms with walk-in rain showers, luxury down bedding, Espresso machine and selection of teas, dual temperature wine fridge, complimentary snacks and refreshments, video on demand, 2.1 Dolby surround sound, 42" LCD TV in the sitting room and bedroom and 23-26" in the bathroom, iPod touch, dressing room, unlimited high-speed broadband access, wired or wireless, throughout the entire hotel.
With its views of The Peak and historic Wanchai district,
The Upper House
lounge on the 49th floor is open throughout the day and evening. A large fireplace is the focal point and is set below high ceilings and surrounded by soft hues of green tea and mineral blue. Drinks and light snacks are available here from mid morning, served amidst comfortable, intimate seating areas.
Following widespread acclaim in New York, Chef Gray Kunz is now is charge at Cafe Gray Deluxe. Atop
The Upper House
on the 49th floor, this vibrant dining room has dynamic panoramic views. Gray likes to enhance the guest experience by providing a full view of what he and his team are up to, hence a 14-metre-long open kitchen and equally long bar. With a uniquely blended cocktail in hand this is the perfect place to watch the sun disappear behind Hong Kong's outlying islands. The 14-metre-long bar is one of the largest in Asia and makes its mark as a place to enjoy great food, perfectly mixed drinks and wines by the glass - long into the night.
The Upper House
is a member of exclusive Virtuoso travel network. Book online or contact our Virtuoso Travel Advisor
[email protected]
for more details.
To learn more about
Virtuoso
click on the
Virtuoso Tab!





Air Conditioned

Babysitting/Child Services

Porters

Conference Facilities

Concierge Desk

Currency Exchange

24 Hour Front Desk

Exercise Gym

Maid Service

Multilingual

Parking

Restaurant

Safe

Secretarial Service

Smoke Detectors

Turndown Service

Express Checkout

Mini Bar

Laundry/Valet Services

Handicapped Rooms/Facilities

Connecting Rooms

In Room Movies

Valet Parking

Continental Breakfast

Doorman

Express Check In

Lounge

Wheel Chair Access

Temperature Control

Security

Tour Desk

Internet Access

Translation Service





For 2017, Virtuoso Rate Includes:

• Daily continental breakfast, for up to two in room guests
• Upgrade on arrival, subject to availability
• $100 USD Equivalent Resort or Hotel credit, to be utilized during stay (not combinable, not valid on room rate, no cash value if not redeemed in full)
• Early check-in/late check-out, subject to availability
• Complimentary Wi-Fi
Why Book Virtuoso?

Exclusive rates at luxury properties worldwide VIP amenities for the discerning traveler
How to Book the Virtuoso Rate?
As a member of ClassicTravel.com, be sure to view the gold labeled Virtuoso rates when checking availability at The Upper House. Enjoy the benefits of Virtuoso and booking with ClassicTravel.com!
Book directly online
or contact our
Virtuoso Travel Advisor

[email protected]
for more details.




Virtuoso Complimentary 4th Night



What’s Included:
• Daily continental breakfast, for up to two in room guests


• Upgrade on arrival, subject to availability

• $100 USD Equivalent Resort or Hotel credit, to be utilized during stay (not combinable, not valid on room rate, no cash value if not redeemed in full)

• Early check-in/late check-out, subject to availability

• Complimentary Wi-Fi




Travel Dates:          6/30/2017 – 12/23/2017   (subject to availability)



Please Book online or contact our
Virtuoso Travel Advisor

[email protected]
for more details.





Write a review
































Contact Us


Corporate Travel

Security and Privacy

Terms and Conditions


















Don’t just dream of #Paris.  When a hotel becomes your home @hoteldecrillon @ Hôtel de Crillon,…

4TH Night Free in Miami -





Copyright © 2017 Classic Travel Service, Inc.
All rights reserved








