
Acqualina Resort & Spa - Sunny Isles Beach, Florida | Classic Travel













Register



Login
















Home


Hotels


ClassicTravel Hotels
Virtuoso Hotels
"Preferred" Plat Hotels
Bellini Club Hotels
More...




Specialty travel


World's Best Safari
Honeymoons
Private Jet World Tour
Vietnam & Cambodia
North Island, N.Z.
Africa
Migration
Turkish Delight
More...




Guides


Lisbon
Berlin
Paris
Istanbul
Madrid
Siem Reap
Shanghai
More...



Blog

Contact Us






















Acqualina Resort & Spa





Other hotels in the area


Back to search Results






Sunny Isles Beach, Florida, United States















Previous


Next












Acqualina Resort & Spa



17875 Collins Avenue,
Sunny Isles Beach, Florida, United States




Hotel on Map







Setting:

Beach,
Spa,
Virtuoso


Ambiance:

Classic Luxury,
Timeless,
Beach


Activities & Dining:

Spa, Gym, For Kids, Fine Dining, Swimming, Shopping


Add Hotel to your favorites







Facebook




Twitter






























Check-in:




Check-out:



Rooms:



1

2



Guests:



1

2

3

4



















Review

Amenities

Virtuoso

Users Reviews





Acqualina Resort and Spa
Acqualina,
a boutique hotel with 98 rooms, is Located midway between Fort Lauderdale airport and Miami airport (20-30 minutes from either) and is the top hotel in the area. One of the most unique qualities of this luxury resort is that it appeals and manages to cater to both sophisticated couples and families. Acqualina is on 4.5 acres of pristine beachfront property.
The beautiful oceanfront resort is in a 50-story tower that shares space with luxury condominiums.  The
Acqualina Resort and Spa
accommodations are, hands down, the largest of any in the area. The smallest rooms at
Acqualina
measure 600 square feet and all baths have separate baths and showers.  The interiors throughout
Acqualina
are realized in a fresh, updated, upscale Floridian bent that provides a new take on an old look. The lobby is done  in an eclectic traditional style that incorporates bold colors and contemporary art work with classic lines and finishes.
Acqualina is proud to boast three chic, elegant restaurants that exude resort casual. AQ by Acqualina features Modern American cuisine from acclaimed Celebrity Chef Dewey LoSasso. Offering the perfect balance of casual and chic that benefits the restaurant’s oceanfront resort setting, the soaring dining room – softly lit in the evening—welcomes guests to drink, dine and linger. Comfortably ensconced on plush sofa seating in the dining room, at the welcoming bar, or on the breeze-kissed outdoor veranda, guests peruse LoSasso’s menu, a study in sophisticated diversity featuring fresh, local ingredients.  There is no better way to dine with friends or loved ones than to enjoy delicious dishes crafted from the highest quality ingredients.
Costa Grill, open daily for lunch from 11:00 am to 6:00 pm is the perfect spot to enjoy a beachside lunch or a light snack. Costa Grill serves an array of gourmet cuisine including sandwiches, burgers, wraps and salads in a casual setting.
Acqualina is also pleased to feature New York City's most acclaimed Italian restaurant, Il Mulino New York. Renowned for its bustling and energetic atmosphere, impeccably polished wait staff, Il Mulino New York restaurant serves daily breakfast from 7:00 am to 11:00 am and continues its tradition of preparing authentic cuisine from Italy's Abruzzi region.

Acqualina's
recreational options are superlative, offering three pools, including a tranquil adults-only plunge with cabanas that rent by the day. The exceptional 20,000-sq-ft spa boasts 16 treatment rooms, as well as separate men's and women's quarters with dressing areas, lockers and saunas. The grounds are dotted with lots of nooks and well-furnished refuges, most done up with the hotel's signature lipstick-red seating. Kids have their own programs, which frees up time for parents, and the beach area is furnished to high standards. Beach cabanas are also available for rent.
Only one of the standard units eyes the ocean, though
all of the suites are pointing out across the Atlantic
. Having said that, many prefer the city views with from which to catch the afternoon sun and sunset on the large furnished balconies.   All have flat-screen TVs, DVD and CD players, stereos with MP3 capabilities, work space with multiline phones, wired and wireless Internet access, safes, irons and ironing boards, robes, slippers, minibars, coffeemakers and thermostats. The vast and lavish one- and two-bedroom suites range in size from 1,000 to 2,500 sq ft, all with fully equipped kitchens. The dishwashers are a nice touch. Housekeeping is excellent.
Room service at the
Acqualina Resort and Spa
runs nonstop, and turn-down, twice-daily maid service, complimentary newspapers, shoe shine and a liberal fee-based pet policy bespeak of this hotel's luxury status.

Acqualina Resort & Spa
is a member of exclusive Virtuoso travel network. Book online or contact our Virtuoso Travel Advisor
[email protected]
for more details.
To learn more about
Virtuoso
click on the
Virtuoso Tab!






Babysitting/Child Services

Bar/Lounge

24 Hour Front Desk

Hairdryers Available

Restaurant

Concierge

Mini Bar

No Smoking Rooms/Facilities

Safe Deposit Box

Fitness Center or Spa

Television with Cable

Laundry/Valet Services

AM/FM Alarm Clock

Meeting/Banquet Facilities

Pool

Shops/Commercial Services

Pets Allowed

Beach





For 2018, Virtuoso Rate Includes:
• Upgrade on arrival, subject to availability
• Daily Buffet breakfast, for up to two in room guests
• $100 USD Spa Services credit, to be utilized during stay (not combinable, no cash value if not redeemed in full)
• Early check-in/late check-out subject to availability
• Complimentary Wi-Fi
Why Book Virtuoso?
Exclusive rates at luxury properties worldwide VIP amenities for the discerning traveler
How to Book the Virtuoso Rate?
As a member of ClassicTravel.com, be sure to view the gold labeled Virtuoso rates when checking availability at Acqualina Resort & Spa. Enjoy the benefits of Virtuoso and booking with ClassicTravel.com!
Book directly online
or contact our
Virtuoso Travel

Advisor

[email protected]
for more details.







Write a review






Aug 03, 2009

Russ

Florida



AQUALINA SUNNY ISLES

Lance with Classic Travel expertly handled all of my requests. The resort is superb in every way, and truly 6 star.












Aug 25, 2009

Keri

Odessa, Texas



Acqualina

We loved it ! Beautiful resort, GREAT service. Thanks, Keri












Aug 25, 2009

Debbie

Odessa, Texas



Acqualina Hotel Miami

Hi Jerry! We had a fabulous time!!! The hotel was wonderful, and all the hotel staff were so personable. We had a great spa retreat, unbelievable meals, good drinks! We had dinner at Il Mulino, Nobu, and Prime112! I don't think we could have done any better than that!!












Aug 25, 2009

Barbara

Odessa, Texas



Acqualina

Hi Jerry, We were very impressed with the Acqualina. The hotel was beautiful and the service excellent. The small size of the hotel was also nice. I would highly recommend it.












Oct 29, 2009

Janine Cifelli

New Jersey, USA



Acqualina, I put my feet in the sand and left my stress in the spa!


Acqualina Resort & Spa
is the total resort package for a great south Florida escape. The options are endless and suits just about any need from a couples getaway to a family vacation. Great location, about 30 minutes north of Miami and 20 minutes from the Ft. Lauderdale airport. There 97 rooms are huge and face the intercoastal or the ocean. The hotel sits on the beach in Sunny Isles Beach (formerly North Miami Beach) and it feels like a private club with beach service. Nice food choices. Try a beachside lunch at the Costa Grill or fantastic dining at New York’s famed Il Mulino. Have a drink in the bar for some celebrity watching. There are three (3) pools and an ESPA spa which was recently named best day spa in Florida. The AcquaMarine kids program is a great way to let the kids learn while having fun. Both the
NFL’s Super Bowl and Pro Bowl are in Miami
this year and Acqualina is the closest luxury hotel!.

































Contact Us


Corporate Travel

Security and Privacy

Terms and Conditions


















Don’t just dream of #Paris.  When a hotel becomes your home @hoteldecrillon @ Hôtel de Crillon,…

4TH Night Free in Miami -





Copyright © 2017 Classic Travel Service, Inc.
All rights reserved








