
The Peninsula Paris - Paris, France | Classic Travel













Register



Login
















Home


Hotels


ClassicTravel Hotels
Virtuoso Hotels
"Preferred" Plat Hotels
Bellini Club Hotels
More...




Specialty travel


World's Best Safari
Honeymoons
Private Jet World Tour
Vietnam & Cambodia
North Island, N.Z.
Africa
Migration
Turkish Delight
More...




Guides


Lisbon
Berlin
Paris
Istanbul
Madrid
Siem Reap
Shanghai
More...



Blog

Contact Us






















The Peninsula Paris





Other hotels in the area


Back to search Results






Paris, France















Previous


Next












The Peninsula Paris



19 Avenue Kleber,
Paris, France




Hotel on Map







Setting:

City,
Virtuoso


Ambiance:

Classic Luxury


Activities & Dining:

Spa, Gym, Fine Dining, Swimming


Add Hotel to your favorites





What's in
Paris
now?








Facebook




Twitter






























Check-in:




Check-out:



Rooms:



1

2



Guests:



1

2

3

4



















Review

Amenities

Virtuoso

Upgrade

Users Reviews





The Peninsula Paris
The Peninsula Hotels makes its grand entrance into Europe with The Peninsula Paris, setting new standards in design, luxury and comfort. The latest chapter of Peninsula excellence brings an unprecedented new level of distinction to the City of Light.
Perfectly situated at 19 Avenue Kléber, just steps from  the Arc de Triomphe, The Peninsula sits in the heart of Paris within walking distance of some of the world’s most famous monuments, museums and luxury shopping districts.
The Peninsula Paris is located in a late 19th century classic Haussmanian building,  which first opened as one of Paris's most luxurious “grands hotels” in 1908. Steeped in history, the property has been meticulously restored and discreetly modernised with the ultimate in 21st century convenience. The Peninsula houses 200 luxurious rooms, including 34 suites, which are among the most spectacular in the city.
Six years in the making, some of France’s finest artisans were hand-picked to undertake this stunning restoration. From the building façade to interior elements including fine marble, rich wood panelling and gold leaf finishing, the result is the ultimate in French craftsmanship.
An oasis in the heart of Paris with luxurious apartment-styled rooms and suites offers guests a quintessentially Paris experience and a perfect respite from the City Of Light. The 200 rooms and suites are designed for maximum comfort, with a good night’s rest virtually guaranteed. Each room exudes a sense of tranquility and modernity with crisp bed linens, marble bathrooms with special mood lighting and signature Peninsula technology, including complimentary high-speed wireless internet for all guests.
With its collection of eclectic restaurant and dining options, The Peninsula Paris promises to bring a new dimension of dining to the City of Light. Open daily, six F&B venues showcase the very best of France and The Peninsula – The Lobby, LiLi Cantonese restaurant, La Terrasse Kléber, Le Bar Kléber, Le Lounge Kléber and L’Oiseau Blanc rooftop restaurant, bar and terrace with 360° views over Paris.
With a “farm to fork” philosophy using only the very best of French ingredients, Executive Chef Jean-Edern Hurstel and his team of highly qualified and award-winning chefs offer seasonal cuisine perfectly executed, while Chief Sommelier Xavier Thuizat presides over The Peninsula Paris’ extensive wine cellar.
A Grand Restoration - The building took two years to build yet four years to restore to its former glory, in a meticulous process by teams of French master craftsmen utilising traditional techniques in use for hundreds of years.  Only a very small number of companies still possess these levels of experience in restoration of heritage buildings - usually small family companies dating back years, with skills passed from generation to generation.
Art Collection at The Peninsula Paris - Vibrant and contemporary artworks displayed throughout the hotel reflect The Peninsula Paris’ cosmopolitan elegance and its historical site, and include works by mid-career and established artists from France and all over the world. The artworks are juxtaposed with the building’s historical elements while complementing the property’s sophisticated interior, so to create a dynamic interplay between the artworks and their surroundings.
History of a Grand Hotel - Since its earliest days, 19 Avenue Kleber has always been a landmark Parisian address.  Its history starts back in 1864 when Russian oligarch Count Basilewsky, in love with the Château de Versailles, fulfilled his wish to build a castle of his own in Paris. After him, the deposed former Queen of Spain, Isabella II, lived an eventful life full of conspiracies and rumours in the Palais, until 1904.
An even greater building and one of Paris most luxurious “grands hotels” was built on the site and opened in 1908 by entrepreneur Leonard Tauber.  Innovative from the outset and impressive with its signature voluminous public spaces, the Majestic quickly became celebrated in Paris and overseas for its beauty, glamour and the spectacular events held there.
After World War I peace was declared, the hotel re-opened for business, enhancing its reputation for style and glamour, including “the greatest dinner party of all time” in 1922 hosted by Sydney and Violet Schiff with a guest list comprising Igor Stravinsky, Sergei Diaghilev, Pablo Picasso, Marcel Proust and James Joyce. George Gershwin composed his oeuvre “An American In Paris” while staying in 1928. The palace was also one of the most sumptuous places in town, where socialites enjoyed being seen, and watch planes fly while enjoying the exclusive atmosphere of the rooftop of the building.
Combining Past & Present, Heritage & Technology - While the aim of the restoration was to preserve the soul of the building and the beauty of its interiors and volumes, the main challenge was to bring the Peninsula Hotels’ legendary service and know-how in terms of technology in Paris.
Beneath the historical façade, a modern, state-of-the art 21st century hotel was built. With 2.5 kilometers of cabling concealed behind the walls of every guest room, a 1800 square-metre spa with cutting-edge equipment, as well as three levels of underground floors inclusive of a car park, The Peninsula Paris is no exception to the innovative dynamic initiated by The Peninsula Hotels right from its creation in 1866.
Indeed, all guest rooms include fully-customised interactive digital bedside and desk tablets, pre-set in one of 11 languages: Arabic, Traditional and Simplified Chinese, English, French, German, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, Russian and Spanish, according to guest preference.  With one touch of a button, guests can control every aspect of their stay, from the in-room controls, to ordering room-service, learn what to do in town, and contact the concierge service for more information, directly from the tablet.
The Peninsula Paris
is a member of exclusive Virtuoso travel network. Book online or contact our Virtuoso Travel Advisor
[email protected]
for more details.
To learn more about
Virtuoso
click on the
Virtuoso Tab!







Newspaper

Business center

Meeting facilities

24-hour front desk

24-hour room service

24-hour security

Air conditioning

Baby sitting

Concierge desk

Health club

Indoor pool

Laundry/Valet service

Restaurant

Room service

Safe deposit box

Security

Valet parking

Wakeup service

Bell staff/porter

Lounges/bars

Full service housekeeping

Wireless internet connection in public areas

Turndown service

Business center

Business services





For 2018, Virtuoso Rate Includes:

• Upgrade at the time of booking, subject to availability (not valid on Junior & Suite categories)
• Breakfast daily for up to two in-room guests
• 100 USD equivalent Food & Beverage credit or Spa credit (not combinable, no cash value if not redeemed in full, excludes spa products)
• One extra amenity of choice from seasonal selection
• Complimentary soft drink mini bar
• Flexible check-in and out time 'Peninsula Time' for all guests with 48 hours notice
• Complimentary Wi-Fi
Why Book Virtuoso?

Exclusive rates at luxury properties worldwide VIP amenities for the discerning traveler
How to Book the Virtuoso Rate?
As a member of ClassicTravel.com, be sure to view the gold labeled Virtuoso rates when checking availability at The Peninsula Paris. Enjoy the benefits of Virtuoso and booking with ClassicTravel.com!
Book directly online or contact our Virtuoso Travel Advisor
[email protected]
for more details.




Upgrade at time of Booking



The Peninsula Paris Hotel
offers Upgrade at time of Booking in 2018! All upgrades are subject to availability, and may apply to specific room types.



Please click on the
Virtuoso Tab
for more information or contact our
Virtuoso Travel Advisor

[email protected]
.







Write a review
































Contact Us


Corporate Travel

Security and Privacy

Terms and Conditions


















Don’t just dream of #Paris.  When a hotel becomes your home @hoteldecrillon @ Hôtel de Crillon,…

4TH Night Free in Miami -





Copyright © 2017 Classic Travel Service, Inc.
All rights reserved








