
Rosewood Washington DC - Washington, D.C., District of Columbia | Classic Travel













Register



Login
















Home


Hotels


ClassicTravel Hotels
Virtuoso Hotels
"Preferred" Plat Hotels
Bellini Club Hotels
More...




Specialty travel


World's Best Safari
Honeymoons
Private Jet World Tour
Vietnam & Cambodia
North Island, N.Z.
Africa
Migration
Turkish Delight
More...




Guides


Lisbon
Berlin
Paris
Istanbul
Madrid
Siem Reap
Shanghai
More...



Blog

Contact Us






















Rosewood Washington DC





Other hotels in the area


Back to search Results






Washington, D.C., District Of Columbia, United States















Previous


Next












Rosewood Washington DC



1050 31st St NW,
Washington, D.C., District of Columbia, United States




Hotel on Map







Setting:

City,
Virtuoso


Ambiance:

Contemporary


Activities & Dining:

Gym, Fine Dining, Swimming


Add Hotel to your favorites





What's in
Washington, D.C.
now?








Facebook




Twitter






























Check-in:




Check-out:



Rooms:



1

2



Guests:



1

2

3

4



















Review

Amenities

Virtuoso

Special Offer

Users Reviews





Rosewood Washington DC
Ideally located in the charming neighborhood of Georgetown, alongside the historic C&O Canal, Rosewood Washington, D.C. features 49 rooms and 12 suites. The hotel, which opened in 2013, offers ample privacy, bespoke guest services and a tangible connection to the culture and traditions of the nation’s capital.
In addition to its enviable location, Rosewood Washington, D.C. presents its guests with peerless amenities and facilities. Overlooking the picturesque canal, The Grill Room and adjacent Rye Bar surprise and delight with creative, seasonally inspired cuisine and masterful libations. On the rooftop, a wraparound bar and lounge area boasts a stunning indoor-outdoor swimming pool and sweeping views of the Potomac River, Washington Monument, Roosevelt Island and the spires of Georgetown University. Fitness and spa services, private dining and meeting venues, and a calendar of intriguing curated events and occasions round out the hotel’s remarkable offerings.
Each room at Rosewood Washington DC is designed to anticipate your desires, from bedside touch button technology to a collection of personal amenities; we have taken care of the details. The property has 49 guest rooms with 12 suites. Each individually designed suite features ample living and relaxing spaces and a tastefully appointed sleeping area. Our bathrooms are built for lounging with soaking bathtubs and glass enclosed rainfall showers.
Culinary offerings are available 24 hours a day whether you desire an in-room late night snack, snacks with a view at our Rooftop Lounge or an unforgettable meal at our restaurant, The Grill Room. Enjoy a rare selection of rye whiskies complemented with our hand harvested ice at The Rye Bar, or reserve our glass-enclosed private dining room, located in the center of the restaurant for your special occasion.
Explore the national treasures of Washington, D.C., and historic landmarks of Georgetown when staying at Rosewood Washington, D.C.. Nestled beside the historic C&O Canal in the heart of Georgetown, our intimate luxury hotel is just one block from the remarkable shops on Wisconsin and M Streets and the Washington Harbour. The hotel is easily accessible from The Kennedy Center, Business and Financial Districts, Smithsonian Institute museums, the National Monument, The National Mall and The White House. The intimate Capella Washington, D.C., Georgetown will provide a top-tier retreat for the discerning world traveler, positioning guests between the center of culture, shopping, dining, and the headquarters of international policy and finance.
Rosewood Washington DC
is a member of exclusive Virtuoso travel network. Book online or contact our Virtuoso Travel Advisor
[email protected]
for more details.
To learn more about
Virtuoso
click on the
Virtuoso Tab!







Concierge desk

Restaurant

Lounges/bars





For 2018, Virtuoso Rate Includes:

• Upgrade on arrival, subject to availability
• Daily full breakfast, for up to two in room guests
• $100 USD Equivalent Food & Beverage credit, to be utilized during stay (not combinable, not valid on room rate, no cash value if not redeemed in full, excludes alcohol)
• Welcome amenity
• Early check-in/late check-out, subject to availability
• Complimentary Wi-Fi
Why Book Virtuoso?

Exclusive rates at luxury properties worldwide VIP amenities for the discerning traveler
How to Book the Virtuoso Rate?

As a member of
ClassicTravel.com
, be sure to view the gold labeled
Virtuos
o rates when checking availability. Enjoy the benefits of
Virtuoso
and booking with ClassicTravel.com!
Book directly online or contact our
Virtuoso Travel Advisor

[email protected]
for more details.




Complimentary 4th Night



What’s Included:
• Daily continental breakfast, for up to two in room guests


• Upgrade on arrival, subject to availability

• $100 USD Equivalent Resort or Hotel credit, to be utilized during stay (not combinable, not valid on room rate, no cash value if not redeemed in full)

• Early check-in/late check-out, subject to availability

• Complimentary Wi-Fi




Travel Dates:          11/01/2017 – 01/31/2018   (subject to availability)



Please Book online or contact our
Virtuoso Travel Advisor

[email protected]
for more details.





Write a review
































Contact Us


Corporate Travel

Security and Privacy

Terms and Conditions


















Don’t just dream of #Paris.  When a hotel becomes your home @hoteldecrillon @ Hôtel de Crillon,…

4TH Night Free in Miami -





Copyright © 2017 Classic Travel Service, Inc.
All rights reserved








