
La Reserve Paris - Paris, France | Classic Travel













Register



Login
















Home


Hotels


ClassicTravel Hotels
Virtuoso Hotels
"Preferred" Plat Hotels
Bellini Club Hotels
More...




Specialty travel


World's Best Safari
Honeymoons
Private Jet World Tour
Vietnam & Cambodia
North Island, N.Z.
Africa
Migration
Turkish Delight
More...




Guides


Lisbon
Berlin
Paris
Istanbul
Madrid
Siem Reap
Shanghai
More...



Blog

Contact Us






















La Reserve Paris





Other hotels in the area


Back to search Results






Paris, France















Previous


Next












La Reserve Paris



42 Avenue Gabriel,
Paris, France




Hotel on Map







Setting:

City,
Virtuoso


Ambiance:

Contemporary


Activities & Dining:

Gym


Add Hotel to your favorites





What's in
Paris
now?








Facebook




Twitter






























Check-in:




Check-out:



Rooms:



1

2



Guests:



1

2

3

4



















Review

Amenities

Virtuoso

Users Reviews





La Reserve Paris
Mid-way between Rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré and Avenue Montaigne, a stone's throw from the Champs-Elysées, where the heart of Paris beats. Nestled in a peaceful location, slightly set back from the world's most beautiful avenue, La Réserve Paris – Hotel and Spa overlooks the Grand Palais, the Eiffel Tower, the Pantheon and the Concorde obelisk. Just in front, a majestic curtain of trees preserves the intimacy of this place, like an echo of the Elysée gardens nearby.
Michel Reybier's highly distinctive urban mansion has all the elegance of a 19th century private apartment, where ultra-personalized services can be enjoyed in complete simplicity and discretion.
All around are immense spaces bathed in light, barely muted by the rich fabrics of the hangings. Scattered here and there are beautiful marble fireplaces, and everywhere the joy of vast indoor spaces, typical of Haussmann-style apartments. The noble and generous materials exude a forgotten spirit of generosity. More suites than rooms, a library reserved for guests and their friends, a smoking lounge, a 16-meter indoor pool (a rarity in Paris), wine cellars in the suites, an inner courtyard with lush greenery echoing the landscaped entrance. At La Réserve Paris – Hotel and Spa, you experience the quintessence of Parisian chic in the Belle Époque.
The 26 suites and 14 rooms at La Réserve Paris – Hotel and Spa offer a refined reflection of the quintessence of 19th century Parisian chic. Silk hung walls, damascene brocade taffeta, velvet drapes, waffle weave fabrics, herringbone oak parquet, unique pieces of antique furniture... Rooms are spacious and the atmosphere can be adapted at will thanks to an interactive tablet that controls the TV, the temperature and the lighting. The bathrooms in Carrara and Turquin blue marble are equally spacious and mostly bathed in natural light.
In a capital as stimulating as Paris when it comes to gastronomy, La Réserve Paris – Hotel and Spa rises ably to the challenge with its restaurant, Le Gabriel, offering contemporary French cuisine inspired by the seasons.
Enhanced but never disguised, products are left to be discovered and rediscovered in all their natural glory. This philosophy of quality can be seen in every offering. But respect for what is natural in no way excludes a certain gustatory fantasy, which here and there borrows culinary inspiration from all over the world, providing a surprise for tastebuds with an inspired reinterpretation of the great classics.
Forget the weather, stress, fatigue and even what time it is… finally let go and recharge your batteries with vital energy in an intimate place, sheltered from the hustle and bustle outside.
Set around the 16-meter indoor pool are just three treatment rooms, a fitness area with a sports coach and a steam room, creating a peaceful atmosphere where one is finally relieved of pressure and can succumb to a complete disconnect from the daily grind. Men are not forgotten, with a range of services indispensable to modern-day gentlemen.
The Nescens brand of Swiss anti-aging science offers sophisticated treatments for men and women, including massages and cosmeceutical anti-aging products. These services have been developed by drawing on knowledge of the biological mechanisms involved in aging and existing solutions that can be employed to effectively slow down the effects of time.
La Reserve Paris
is a member of exclusive Virtuoso travel network. Book online or contact our Virtuoso Travel Advisor
[email protected]
for more details.
To learn more about
Virtuoso
click on the
Virtuoso Tab!







24-hour front desk

Concierge desk

Laundry/Valet service

Restaurant

Room service

Safe deposit box

Security

Spa

Valet parking

Wakeup service

Front desk

Lounges/bars

Business services





For 2017, Virtuoso Rate Includes:

• Upgrade on arrival, subject to availability
• Daily full breakfast for up to two in-room guests served in the restaurant
• 100 euros spa credit (on treatments and Nescens products)
• Round trip private airport transfers for minimum 3 night stay in Deluxe Suite
• Early check-in/late check-out, subject to availability
• Complimentary Wi-Fi
Why Book Virtuoso?

Exclusive rates at luxury properties worldwide VIP amenities for the discerning traveler
How to Book the Virtuoso Rate?
As a member of ClassicTravel.com, be sure to view the gold labeled Virtuoso rates when checking availability at La Reserve Paris. Enjoy the benefits of Virtuoso and booking with ClassicTravel.com!
Please Book directly online or contact our Virtuoso Travel Advisor
[email protected]
for more details.







Write a review
































Contact Us


Corporate Travel

Security and Privacy

Terms and Conditions


















Don’t just dream of #Paris.  When a hotel becomes your home @hoteldecrillon @ Hôtel de Crillon,…

4TH Night Free in Miami -





Copyright © 2017 Classic Travel Service, Inc.
All rights reserved








