
Le Royal Monceau Raffles Paris - Paris, France | Classic Travel













Register



Login
















Home


Hotels


ClassicTravel Hotels
Virtuoso Hotels
"Preferred" Plat Hotels
Bellini Club Hotels
More...




Specialty travel


World's Best Safari
Honeymoons
Private Jet World Tour
Vietnam & Cambodia
North Island, N.Z.
Africa
Migration
Turkish Delight
More...




Guides


Lisbon
Berlin
Paris
Istanbul
Madrid
Siem Reap
Shanghai
More...



Blog

Contact Us






















Le Royal Monceau Raffles Paris





Other hotels in the area


Back to search Results






Paris, France















Previous


Next












Le Royal Monceau Raffles Paris



37 Avenue Hoche,
Paris, France




Hotel on Map







Setting:

City,
Virtuoso


Ambiance:

Contemporary,
Timeless


Activities & Dining:

Spa, Gym, Fine Dining, Swimming


Add Hotel to your favorites





What's in
Paris
now?








Facebook




Twitter






























Check-in:




Check-out:



Rooms:



1

2



Guests:



1

2

3

4



















Review

Amenities

Special Offer

Virtuoso

Upgrade

Users Reviews





Le Royal Monceau Raffles Paris
Paris does not have a shortage of luxury hotels. The luxury traveler, and especially at this level, gives thought to what their ideal is.  If one of those requirements is a Palace Hotel of the 21st century then look no further.  Raffles Le Royal Monceau is just that.  Its design and décor is so bold a statement that it sets a precedent for other hotel developers around the world.  Raffles Le Royal Monceau will take its place in literature, art and movies. This is the place your children and grandchildren will hear about, hopefully, from you.  It’s got the stuff legends are made of.
The hotel’s 149 rooms and suites have been conceived and designed by Philippe Starck.  His work was always admirable and often memorable, but not always to everyone’s taste.  Here at Royal Monceau he was given carte blanche and it’s here his genius transcends.  You might say this is Mr. Starck’s “Oscar” moment. He has even created the hotels own Art District, an in-house gallery; installation pieces line the common spaces as well.  Hallucinogenic but beautiful stripes create op-art effects in the halls, and there’s glass and crystal everywhere, from the staircase with its million tiny chandeliers to the hall-of-mirrors bathrooms.
Raffles Le Royal Monceau Paris has been officially awarded “Best New Hotel 2012” by the prestigious Tatler magazine in its latest Travel Guide, celebrating the hotels that attract guests from the sheer force of their personality. Compiled by a highly regarded network of travel editors and contributors, the annual issue is one of the must-have guides for travelers seeking the epitome of luxury hotels and resorts.
Commentating on the award, Omer Acar, General Manger, “It is a great achievement for Le Royal Monceau - Raffles Paris to have won this award when so many other prestigious hotels opened in the same year. It reinforces our uniqueness in the Paris luxury hotels industry”
World renowned Chef Nobu Matsuhisa has chosen Le Royal Monceau – Raffles Paris to be the home of his first Matsuhisa restaurant in France. Matsuhisa Paris brings with it a highly contemporary vision of Japanese cuisine; a gastronomic encounter between Asia and Latin America. There is also “Il Carpaccio”(one Michelin star), the Italian gastronomic restaurant, with its decoration inspired by the Sicilian grottos. “Le Bar Long” offers an all-day dining alternative for guests seeking a contemporary and creative food experience.
Room Service at Le Royal Monceau provides a real "dining" experience in your room. One you won’t soon forget.  Whatever you order is not just a culinary delight but beautifully presented and served using the finest of silver, linens and china.
Le Royal Monceau boasts a Clarins spa with a fabulous indoor pool, conference space, kids’ club, even its own screening room.  Guest can also book from a selection of private rooms with extra sitting space for the journalists who’ve come to interview you.  All this five minutes from the Arc du Triomphe.
There are approximately five categories of rooms.  Studios from 350 – 380 square feet are entrée level.  Deluxe are from 390 – 470 square feet, Executive from 410 – 500 square feet, Suites from 550 – 1900 square and three Presidential suites which are each approximately 3500 square feet. The latter are in a class all their own and at this moment there is nothing in Paris that can compare with their size and including the scale of luxury they represent.
It is the impeccable detail that every room, large or entrée level, possesses that will please the most demanding guest.  Le Royal Monceau is so much more than a luxury hotel. It is a destination onto itself and one that if you are lucky enough to experience, you will never forget.

Le Royal Monceau Raffles Paris
is a member of exclusive Virtuoso travel network. Book online or contact our Virtuoso Travel Advisor
[email protected]
for more details.
To learn more about
Virtuoso
click on the
Virtuoso Tab!





Air Conditioned

Babysitting/Child Services

Business Center

Conference Facilities

Concierge Desk

24 Hour Front Desk

Parking

Restaurant

24 Hour Room Service

Safe

Turndown Service

Mini Bar

No Smoking Rooms/Facilities

Room Service

Safe Deposit Box

Fitness Center or Spa

Television with Cable

Laundry/Valet Services

Handicapped Rooms/Facilities

Meeting/Banquet Facilities

Pool

Connecting Rooms

Valet Parking

Audio Visual Equipment

Lounge

Temperature Control

24 Hour Security

Security

High speed internet access

Sprinklers In Rooms

Wireless Internet Access





Complimentary 3rd Night
Stay another night with Raffles - book and enjoy a third night and guaranteed upgrade
What’s Included:
•Early check-in, subject to availability
•Upgrade at time of booking subject to availability
•4pm late check-out guaranteed
•Complimentary daily breakfast for two at our restaurant La Cuisine
•85 Euro Food and Beverage credit
•Complimentary round trip airport transfer for bookings of our Lifestyle Suite and above
Guaranteed Upgrades can be applied to the following categories:
• Deluxe Room to Executive Room
• Executive Room to Junior Suite
• Junior Suite to Signature Suite
Travel Dates:       01/01/2017 – 12/31/2017 (Subject to availability)
Please Book online
or contact our
Virtuoso Travel Advisor

[email protected]
for more details.






For 2018, Virtuoso Rate Includes:
• Upgrade at time of booking, subject to availability
• Complimentary buffet breakfast daily for up to two in-room guests served in La Cuisine Restaurant
• Guaranteed late check-out until 4 PM
• $100 USD equivalent Food & Beverage credit to be utilized during stay (not combinable, not valid on room rate, no cash value if not redeemed in full)
• Complimentary round trip airport transfers for all bookings in our Lifestyle Suite and above.
• Early check-in/late check-out, subject to availability
• Complimentary Wi-Fi
Why Book Virtuoso?

Exclusive rates at luxury properties worldwide VIP amenities for the discerning traveler
How to Book the Virtuoso Rate?
As a member of ClassicTravel.com, be sure to view the gold labeled Virtuoso rates when checking availability at Le Royal Monceau Raffles Paris. Enjoy the benefits of Virtuoso and booking with ClassicTravel.com!
Book directly online
or contact our
Virtuoso Travel Advisor

Inf
[email protected]
for more details.




Upgrade at Time of Booking
Le Royal Monceau Raffles Paris
offers Upgrade at time of Booking in 2018! All upgrades are subject to availability, and may apply to specific room types.
Please click on the
Virtuoso Tab
for more information or contact our
Virtuoso Travel Advisor

[email protected]









Write a review
































Contact Us


Corporate Travel

Security and Privacy

Terms and Conditions


















Don’t just dream of #Paris.  When a hotel becomes your home @hoteldecrillon @ Hôtel de Crillon,…

4TH Night Free in Miami -





Copyright © 2017 Classic Travel Service, Inc.
All rights reserved








