
Baccarat Hotel New York - New York, New York | Classic Travel













Register



Login
















Home


Hotels


ClassicTravel Hotels
Virtuoso Hotels
"Preferred" Plat Hotels
Bellini Club Hotels
More...




Specialty travel


World's Best Safari
Honeymoons
Private Jet World Tour
Vietnam & Cambodia
North Island, N.Z.
Africa
Migration
Turkish Delight
More...




Guides


Lisbon
Berlin
Paris
Istanbul
Madrid
Siem Reap
Shanghai
More...



Blog

Contact Us






















Baccarat Hotel New York





Other hotels in the area


Back to search Results






New York, New York, United States















Previous


Next












Baccarat Hotel New York



20 West 53rd Street,
New York, New York, United States




Hotel on Map







Setting:

City,
Virtuoso,
Top 10 New York


Ambiance:

Classic Luxury


Activities & Dining:

Spa, Gym, Fine Dining, Swimming


Add Hotel to your favorites





What's in
New York
now?








Facebook




Twitter






























Check-in:




Check-out:



Rooms:



1

2



Guests:



1

2

3

4



















Review

Amenities

Virtuoso

Users Reviews





Baccarat Hotel New York
Strategically located across the street from the Museum of Modern Art on 53rd Street and 5th Avenue, this 45-story iconic tower will be comprised of 113 hotel rooms, 132,000 square feet of residential space, Baccarat Spa, fitness center, a signature restaurant and Baccarat Bar, this property’s prestigious address promises unrivaled access to the city’s finest shopping, dining and cultural venues and is a short walk from many major tourist attractions like Rockefeller Center, Carnegie Hall and Central Park.
Baccarat Hotel New York is a contemporary Manhattan take on a classically elegant Parisian hôtel particulier. It blends influences past and present to create sumptuous spaces, both grand and intimate that inspire wonder with their enchanting surprises and carefully considered details.
Sought after Paris-based design duo Gilles & Boissier created nearly every piece of furniture for the hotel’s soaring salon-style public spaces, as well as the 114 light-filled rooms and suites of the hotel. Weaving artisanal Baccarat crystal elements throughout, they lavished attention on each surface, be it a sparkling mica-covered vaulted ceiling, silver-leafed wood paneling, pleated-silk walls or a monumental marble table.
Paris-based interior design duo Gilles & Bossier created an exquisite vision of modern elegance throughout the hotel while master designer Tony Ingrao added his remarkable sense of aesthetics to the residences. The building is the design of vaunted architects Skidmore, Owings & Merrill. The property represents a meeting of tradition and innovation, where modern “glassbox”-style architecture is entwined with the opulence of an older era.
The entire outside of the Baccarat Hotel is encased in a prism glass facade—a radiant crystalwork that hints at the exquisite celebration of elegance inside. A split-level arrival area and three separate entrances for the restaurant, the residences and the hotel ensure that guests enjoy the utmost discretion at all times.
Parisian art connoisseur Frederic Chambre spent eighteen months gathering extraordinary pieces from auction houses across Paris to curate artwork for Baccarat Hotel and Residences New York. The resulting private collection (with an estimated value of three hundred thousand dollars) is uniquely suited to Baccarat, spanning from the 18th century to today and featuring photographers, painters and more.
Beyond the carefully curated art, Baccarat Hotel & Residences New York also partnered with Frederic Chambre in engaging ten extraordinary artists to create original Baccarat crystal works based on the iconic Harcourt glass. Baccarat’s unique vitrines were specially designed to showcase Chambre’s pieces, infusing the lobby with the scintillating spirit of celebration.
Parisian history, meets New York modernity. Enchanté. Or perhaps we should say, bon appétit. Introducing The Restaurant, a reinvention of French gastronomy for of-the-moment Manhattan. It’s a culinary masterpiece of perfection and artistry by restaurateur Charles Masson and celebrated interior designer Stephen Sills.
PERFECTION COMES TO THE TABLE - A masterpiece of modern cuisine, The Restaurant is poised to change the face of New York’s dining scene. In keeping with Baccarat Hotel’s passion for artistry and perfection, Executive Chef Shea Gallante is available to work closely with each guest to create a unique, customized tasting menu complemented by a carefully chosen wine pairing. Opt for the main dining room, where plush banquets line the space, offering seating for up to 80. Head to the convivial bar area, with space for 15, for a pre- or post-dinner aperitif or celebratory cocktail. Or dine at the 20-person Chef’s Table. It makes for a truly unequaled—and memorable—evening.
CHARLES MASSON  -  As Manager of New York’s La Grenouille for 40 years, Charles Masson is a legendary name in the world of fine dining. An instrumental presence in creating La Grenouille’s signature ambiance, he brought a meticulous sense of style to every facet of the room, from lush floral arrangements to impeccable service. Now, he brings this rare combination of exacting standards and genuine warmth to what will be the city’s most exciting new dining experience.
SHEA GALLANTE  - Executive Chef Shea Gallante brings his visionary new take on French gastronomy to The Restaurant. A graduate of the Culinary Institute of America, he has worked with some of New York’s most celebrated chefs, including Lidia Bastianich and David Bouley. His restaurant Cru was awarded a Michelin star and three stars from the New York Times.
Adorned with the Baccarat chandelier par excellence—a 64-arm masterpiece enveloped in glass—the Grand Salon sparkles with the spirit of celebration that is pure Baccarat. Festive and light, it is the social nexus of the hotel, providing guests with a runway-like portal that lends the room a cinematic sense of drama. Enjoy cocktails, small plates in this ethereal second-floor setting.
Adjacent to the Grand Salon, The Bar is a scintillating space. The walls are filled with mirrors and original artworks chosen by master curator Frederic Chambre. The floors have a bold black-and-white checkerboard pattern. Add a vaulted ceiling, a glittering red chandelier, and thousands of pieces of Baccarat crystal glassware, and the effect is nearly hypnotic. Deep red velvet seating mutes the tone in just the right way, like a private club nestled within a jewel box.
When the weather permits, relish the night air on the outdoor terrace. Inspired by Les Jardin des Tuileries, the tree-lined area overlooks the MoMA and provides a charming locale for morning cappuccinos, pre-dinner cocktails or nightcaps. Sophisticated, sensuous, and intimate, The Bar is a glamorous destination for an evening among friends, or perhaps a romantic tête-a-tête.
French monarchs expected impeccable service. So do you—with a modern sensibility, of course. With just 114 chambres, the hotel offers an intimate and extravagant set of distinctive services and amenities.
Baccarat Hotels and Resorts adheres to an unparalleled standard of excellence in service. Our team of experienced, dedicated professionals are devoted to the craft of service and are committed to delivering a memorable stay. No request is too grand. From bookings and recommendations, to childcare, pet care, stylist services and beyond, you will experience service that is personalized, elegant, and of course, discreet.
In a city filled with yellow taxis and black town cars, our vivid Citroën DS guarantees a distinctive entrance. A luxe specimen of French engineering and craftsmanship with a flame-red exterior and 60s-era styling, this classic sedan is on call to convey Baccarat guests to any destination within a 15-block radius.
Baccarat Hotel New York
is a member of exclusive Virtuoso travel network. Book online or contact our Virtuoso Travel Advisor
[email protected]
for more details.
To learn more about
Virtuoso
click on the
Virtuoso Tab!







24-hour front desk

24-hour room service

Air conditioning

Housekeeping - daily

Restaurant

Room service

Security

Lounges/bars

Full service housekeeping





For 2018, Virtuoso Rate Includes:

• Upgrade on arrival, subject to availability
• Continental Breakfast for up to 2 in-room guests, in the Grand Salon
• $100 USD equivalent Spa Services credit to be utilized during stay (not combinable, not valid on room rate, no cash value if not redeemed in full)
• Early check-in/late check-out, subject to availability
• Complimentary Wi-Fi
Why Book Virtuoso?

Exclusive rates at luxury properties worldwide VIP amenities for the discerning traveler
How to Book the Virtuoso Rate?

As a member of ClassicTravel.com, be sure to view the gold labeled Virtuoso rates when checking availability at Baccarat Hotel New York. Enjoy the benefits of Virtuoso and booking with ClassicTravel.com!
Please Book directly online or contact our Virtuoso Travel Advisor
[email protected]
for more details.







Write a review






Oct 05, 2016

Richard

New York



Bar

Most beautiful bar in New York City!

































Contact Us


Corporate Travel

Security and Privacy

Terms and Conditions


















Don’t just dream of #Paris.  When a hotel becomes your home @hoteldecrillon @ Hôtel de Crillon,…

4TH Night Free in Miami -





Copyright © 2017 Classic Travel Service, Inc.
All rights reserved








