
Hotel Jerome - Aspen, Colorado | Classic Travel













Register



Login
















Home


Hotels


ClassicTravel Hotels
Virtuoso Hotels
"Preferred" Plat Hotels
Bellini Club Hotels
More...




Specialty travel


World's Best Safari
Honeymoons
Private Jet World Tour
Vietnam & Cambodia
North Island, N.Z.
Africa
Migration
Turkish Delight
More...




Guides


Lisbon
Berlin
Paris
Istanbul
Madrid
Siem Reap
Shanghai
More...



Blog

Contact Us






















Hotel Jerome





Other hotels in the area


Back to search Results






Aspen, Colorado, United States















Previous


Next












Hotel Jerome



330 E Main Street,
Aspen, Colorado, United States




Hotel on Map







Setting:

City,
Ski,
Virtuoso


Ambiance:

Classic Luxury


Activities & Dining:

Gym, Fine Dining, Swimming


Add Hotel to your favorites





What's in
Aspen
now?








Facebook




Twitter






























Check-in:




Check-out:



Rooms:



1

2



Guests:



1

2

3

4



















Review

Amenities

Virtuoso

Users Reviews





Hotel Jerome
Aspen, Colorado
If it's a sense of place that you want than look no further. Hotel Jerome is a rare historical hotel that has been totally renovated to today's standards and decorated with the utmost of care in maintaining the ambiance of a true luxury hotel in western fashion.
It's conveniently located in the heart of Aspen and walking distance to all the shops, restaurants and of course, the slopes. Don't worry, you won't have to carry your skis. They'll be stored for you at the base of Ajax or any of the other three close-by ski area's. Jerome's legendary J-Bar serves up lively libations or enjoy fine dining at their popular Prospect restaurant.
Amenities in all rooms include: High-speed internet access, double-line telephones with voice mail that are fax and computer modem ready in room, I-Pod docking station/clock radio, remote control plasma television, in-room iPad, in-room safe, Nespresso coffee machine, iron & ironing board, humidifier, luxurious bath robes, hairdryer and deluxe Auberge Jerome signature bath amenities. Contemporary artworks commissioned by Aspen artists are complimented by archival pieces reproduced by the Aspen Historical Society exclusively for the hotel.
Hotel Jerome's longstanding tradition of culinary excellence is showcased in a variety of restaurant options, each reflecting innovative, locally inspired menus that incorporate the freshest organic, natural and seasonal ingredients —a time-honored trademark of Auberge Resort restaurants.
The intimate Auberge Spa is a place for relaxation and rejuvenation. Drawing from the rich and diverse history of Aspen, the spa program reflects on the traditions of natural healing practiced for centuries here in the Roaring Fork Valley. Incorporating local minerals and medicinal plants used by the Ute Indians to address the needs of skin and body for those who enthusiastically engage in the wide array of Aspen's outdoor activities. We celebrate today's resurgence of natural alternatives and integrate them with leading edge technology to support balance, health and vibrancy.
Aspen is famous for its endless array of outdoor activities – from skiing, snowshoeing and sleigh rides in the snowy winter to golf, hiking, fly fishing, biking and hot-air ballooning in the summer. The town also hosts a series of world-renowned annual events, including jazz music festivals, film, dance, food and wine festivals, plus theater productions, cultural celebrations and intellectual discussions. Truly, there's never a bad time to visit Aspen because there's always something amazing going on in town.
The ideal location for all occasions, this Aspen landmark hotel reemerges with over 10,000 square feet of renovated event/meeting space and new culinary offerings. A variety of flexible function space can accommodate small groups and board meetings and celebrations or conferences for up to 600 guests. We offer complete event and conference planning services, a talented staff of professionals along with an extensive roster of Aspen's top-notch event specialists come together to execute every event or meeting detail flawlessly.
Nestled in the heart of Aspen, Hotel Jerome is Colorado's premier venue for your once-in-a-lifetime event...your wedding. Hotel Jerome's completely renovated interior embodies the romance of the Rockies with a soulful western authenticity that features modern indulgent amenities – giving it a something old, something new sensibility. Whether you are looking for a grand affair in Aspen's only above ground ballroom or an intimate garden reception, Aspen's Hotel Jerome has elegant wedding facilities, dedicated staff and renowned culinary excellence that will make your special day the dream of a lifetime. Hotel Jerome's creative and innovative specialists are committed to helping you design and execute an Aspen wedding that expresses who you are from beginning to end. From venues and catering, to music and flowers, to guest lodging and transportation, we work closely with you to make sure every detail of your Aspen wedding is taken care of flawlessly. A memorable experience awaits you and your guest at the luxurious Hotel Jerome in Aspen, Colorado.
Hotel Jerome
is a member of exclusive Virtuoso travel network. Book online or contact our Virtuoso Travel Advisor
[email protected]
for more details.
To learn more about
Virtuoso
click on the
Virtuoso Tab!





Business center

Meeting facilities

24-hour room service

Air conditioning

Baby sitting

Concierge desk

Conference facilities

Health club

Restaurant

Room service

Safe deposit box

Security

Valet parking

Wakeup service

Meeting rooms





For 2017, Virtuoso Rate Includes:
• Upgrade on arrival, subject to availability
• Daily breakfast for up to two in-room guests (except J Bar)
• $100 USD Food & Beverage credit, to be utilized during stay (not combinable, not valid on room rate, no cash value if not redeemed in full)
• Early check-in/late check-out subject to availability
Why Book Virtuoso?

Exclusive rates at luxury properties worldwide VIP amenities for the discerning traveler

How to Book the Virtuoso Rate?

As a member of ClassicTravel.com, be sure to view the gold labeled Virtuoso rates when checking availability at Hotel Jerome. Enjoy the benefits of Virtuoso and booking with ClassicTravel.com!
Book directly online
or contact our
Virtuoso Travel Advisor

[email protected]
for more details.






Write a review
































Contact Us


Corporate Travel

Security and Privacy

Terms and Conditions


















Don’t just dream of #Paris.  When a hotel becomes your home @hoteldecrillon @ Hôtel de Crillon,…

4TH Night Free in Miami -





Copyright © 2017 Classic Travel Service, Inc.
All rights reserved








