
World's Best Safari - Specialty Travel Itineraries













Register



Login
















Home


Hotels


ClassicTravel Hotels
Virtuoso Hotels
"Preferred" Plat Hotels
Bellini Club Hotels
More...




Specialty travel


World's Best Safari
Honeymoons
Private Jet World Tour
Vietnam & Cambodia
North Island, N.Z.
Africa
Migration
Turkish Delight
More...




Guides


Lisbon
Berlin
Paris
Istanbul
Madrid
Siem Reap
Shanghai
More...



Blog

Contact Us











Home
>

Specialty Travel
>

Safaris





The Travel + Leisure World's Best Safari

Classic Travel Service & Micato Safaris



Tweet














At A Glance


Travel & Leisure has proclaimed Micato Safari as "World's Best Safari Outfitter" nine times.  This sample itinerary includes stays at Africa's best hotels and most prestigious and luxurious lodges.  Our consultant will work with you to help plan, personalize and deepen your African experience. Classic Travel Service is pleased to offer our unique gift so you'll travel in style.  When you book with us you'll receive a $200 per person credit at
Micato Safari Shop
.



Book


Got a question? Call us
1.888.212.6444








Info




Itinerary








Day 1: En route
We set off today for Cape Town. It won't take us long to realize why this city is amongst the most beloved in the world-its striking natural features and cosmopolitan wiles make it a remarkable gateway to our adventure.
Days 2 to 5: Cape Town and environs /
One & Only Cape Town
“The whole town,” Captain Cook wrote in 1771 about Cape Town, “may be consider’d as one great Inn fitted up for the recreation of all comers and goers.” The great voyager may as well have been writing this week: Cape Town is one of the world’s jazziest, most fascinatingly multicultural and downright beautiful cities, a magnet for discerning goers and comers from six continents.
We’ll have an electrically relaxed few days to explore the city, based from the incomparable
One&Only Cape Town

, set on the Victoria & Alfred Waterfront, a civic centre of colourful activity, looking up at Table Mountain, which we will summit via the famed Aerial Cableway, a spectacular bit of engineering in service to an even more spectacular view.
We’ll wander out to the Cape Winelands for tastings and relaxed meals at places like the sublime Delaire Graff Estate. The Winelands charms us with brisk and picture-pretty little towns, a variety of refreshing activities, and lovely scenery reminiscent of Northern California’s Wine Country (except the craggy mountains that shoot up from its vineyards make Sonoma and Napa’s look rather . . . modest in comparison). And we’ll head over to the Cape of Good Hope, around which much of the world’s history once turned, and which a dissimilar cohort of creatures—including penguins, zebras, and ostriches— happily call home.
Days 6 & 7: Singita Kruger National Park / Singita Lebombo, Singita Sweni
Singita’s concession in talismanic Kruger was granted in 2001 in recognition of its fervent and effective commitment to conservation, and its dedication to creating an absolutely minimal environmental footprint. Singita’s 33,000-acre concession is an isolated haven of untroubled wilderness where a unique and species-rich wildlife population thrives across four distinct ecological zones, all of which we’ll get to know and admire during our stay.
Its two lodges, Singita Lebombo and Singita Sweni, were built to reflect Singita’s “touch the earth lightly” philosophy, which is entwined with every aspect of the lodges’ daily life. It is one reason these lodges are so respected and honoured—the other major reasons being their beauty and unobtrusive luxuriousness. In any case, Singita Kruger was recently voted by Travel+Leisure as the third-best hotel on planet Earth, an encomium that needs no expansion.
Days 8 & 9: Singita Sabi Sand /
Ebony Lodge
A private, 45,000-acre game reserve, Sabi Sand adjoins Kruger National Park to the west, and, by common agreement, is one of South Africa’s wildlife-richest, most unsullied regions. Within the Sabi Sand is Singita Private Game Reserve, the oldest private game reserve in the country, owned and lovingly preserved since 1926 by the Bailes family.
Ebony Lodge
, Singita’s first in the Sabi Sand, stands comfortably amongst enormous trees on the banks of the Sand River in the heart of South Africa’s big-cat country. Its thoughtful blending of European tradition and African boldness results, rather magically, in the down-to-earth warmth of a much-loved family home. And Boulders—like Ebony, a consistent high-ranker in T+L’s best lists—also set along the banks of the Sand River in Singita’s privately owned reserve within the Sabi Sand, is a brilliant architectural complement to the boulders on which it rests.
Days 10 & 11: Victoria Falls / The Royal Livingston
“Poor Niagara,” Eleanor Roosevelt supposedly said upon viewing Brazil and Argentina’s Iguazu Falls. Had she gazed on Victoria Falls—the greatest curtain of water on earth, 60 tumultuous feet higher than its South American rival—the famously articulate First Lady might have been struck speechless. Victoria Falls is a waterfall like no other, and during our stay at the legendary Royal Livingstone Hotel (another perennial T+L best) we’ll get to know the Falls, from early-morning, coffee-sipping views from our room’s veranda of the almost 1,000 feet of mist that rise from the watery cauldron to lazy afternoon sundowners near its dramatic precipice, contemplating what the greatest travel writer of all time, Richard Halliburton, called “a hurricane of bursting water . . . that seems to fall up, not down.”
Days 12 & 13: Departure
We fly from the Falls to Johannesburg and connect with our international flight home, arriving on Day 13.
Please contact
World's Best Safari specialist Jamie Yoo at
[email protected]

for more details.





Book






Tweet









Specialty Travel


Safaris


Africa
Migration
South Africa Adventure
South African Luxury Hotels
Tanzania
World's Best Safari
Four Seasons' Safari & Sand


Destination Weddings and Honeymoons


Honeymoons
Thailand Honeymoon
French Polynesia Honeymoon
Italy Honeymoon
Aspen Weddings
Peru & Brazil
Caribbean
Australia/New Zealand
Moroccan Adventure
Hawaii Honeymoon
Honeymoon in Turkey
Greek Honeymoon
Chile Honeymoon
Babymoon in Style
Cruising in Tahiti
Iceland Honeymoon
Tanzania and Zanzibar
Argentina Adventure
Romantic France
Vietnam and Cambodia Honeymoon
Dubai & Maldives Honeymoon


Ancient Worlds


Egypt and Jordan
China
Unmissable Peru
Kohima Camp, Nagaland


Celebrity Picks


Mario Batali
Eric Ripert
Gray Kunz
Jeff Bland
Daniel Boulud
Mark Ingram


Experiences


Turkish Delight
North Island, N.Z.
Vietnam & Cambodia
Ice Hotel Experience
Galapagos
Private Jet World Tour
Journey to Japan
Gay History for Gay Travelers
Discover Oman
Aspen Gay Ski Week 2018
Elephant Conservation Tour
Incredible Ireland
A Journey Through Myanmar
Cuba - History & Culture
Sri Lanka
Villes & Villages Tour

















Contact Us


Corporate Travel

Security and Privacy

Terms and Conditions


















Don’t just dream of #Paris.  When a hotel becomes your home @hoteldecrillon @ Hôtel de Crillon,…

4TH Night Free in Miami -





Copyright © 2017 Classic Travel Service, Inc.
All rights reserved








