
Elbow Beach Bermuda - Paget, Bermuda | Classic Travel













Register



Login
















Home


Hotels


ClassicTravel Hotels
Virtuoso Hotels
"Preferred" Plat Hotels
Bellini Club Hotels
More...




Specialty travel


World's Best Safari
Honeymoons
Private Jet World Tour
Vietnam & Cambodia
North Island, N.Z.
Africa
Migration
Turkish Delight
More...




Guides


Lisbon
Berlin
Paris
Istanbul
Madrid
Siem Reap
Shanghai
More...



Blog

Contact Us






















Elbow Beach Bermuda





Other hotels in the area


Back to search Results






Paget, Bermuda















Previous


Next












Elbow Beach Bermuda



60 South Shore Road,
Paget, Bermuda




Hotel on Map







Setting:

Beach,
Caribbean,
Virtuoso


Ambiance:

Classic Luxury


Activities & Dining:

Golfing, Tennis, Spa, Fishing, Sailing, Swimming, Horseback Riding


Add Hotel to your favorites







Facebook




Twitter






























Check-in:




Check-out:



Rooms:



1

2



Guests:



1

2

3

4



















Review

Amenities

Special Offer

Virtuoso

Users Reviews





Elbow Beach Bermuda
An idyllic creation of intimate luxury resort with 98 guestrooms and suites dotted amidst 50 acres of landscaped gardens. Elobow Beach Bermuda is situated just seven minutes from Hamilton, Bermuda’s charming capital, and offer a range of high-class leisure facilities. Relax surrounded by beauty on private beach dusted with pink sand and lapped by turquoise sea.
At Elbow Beach, we offer intimate luxury accommodation. 98 guestrooms and suites are situated in secluded cottages dotted throughout 50 acres of lush gardens.  Privacy is complemented by views over the Atlantic Ocean or our beautiful gardens. Redesigned interiors ensure five star comfort for all our guests.  Guestroom amenities include air conditioning in every room, in room iron and ironing board, radio and alarm clock, hair dryer and bathroom scales provided in every bathroom, remote-controlled TV (with U.S. programs), high speed Internet access and data ports, every room offers views of our beautifully manicured gardens or the azure Atlantic Ocean, dual line telephones, bathrobes, bed slippers, umbrella provided in every room, luxurious essential bath amenities by Aromatherapy Associates, daily maid service including evening, comfortable sitting area and work desk, daily local newspaper, and more.
At Elbow Beach, the cuisine comes with a real sense of heritage. As befits the first hotel to open on the island's South Shore almost a century ago, we have been leading the way in fine dining ever since. The restaurants, such as Lido are award winners many times over. And bars attract the most stylish crowd in Bermuda.  Located above beautiful Elbow Beach, the newly renovated Lido provides an innovative menu, based around local seafood with Mediterranean touches.  Blue Point features poolside dining with glorious open ocean views. Blue Point serves the finest fish and seafood from its open kitchen (seasonal – May to October).  There’s only one place to enjoy casual, bistro style dining right on the beach in Bermuda – relaxed but elegant Mickey’s Beach Bistro & Bar (seasonal – May to October).  Sea Breeze is the perfect place for an aperitif or after dinner drinks beneath the stars (open weather permitting).
At Elbow Beach we offer one of Bermuda's most luxurious spa experiences. The quiet intimacy of our resort is reflected in spa’s exclusive ambience.  Stunning ocean views from individual balconies provide a mesmerizing backdrop to six private spa suites. Each suite is decorated in soothing colors and organic textures, and features a hand-crafted, granite soaking tub, bamboo flooring and a river pebble-lined steam shower. It's a haven of utter tranquility in which to enjoy holistic treatments from the spa's team of highly trained therapists.  We also have a spa beach pavilion where guests can enjoy holistic spa therapies oceanside.
Elbow Beach is the ultimate retreat with a wealth of facilities created for luxurious leisure. We offer the holistic pleasures of spa, a fitness room, five tennis courts, a putting green and free form swimming pool. By the beach we have a comprehensive water sports service, from where we can organize any deep sea or shallow water entertainment, from wreck dives to kayaking.  We also have a creative kids club that brings a great deal of pleasure for both kids and their parents, with plenty of organized activities.
Elbow Beach Bermuda
is a member of exclusive Virtuoso travel network. Book online or contact our Virtuoso Travel Advisor
[email protected]
for more details.
To learn more about
Virtuoso
click on the
Virtuoso Tab!







High speed internet connection

Newspaper

Wireless internet connection

Business services

24-hour front desk

24-hour room service

Air conditioning

Baby sitting

Cocktail lounge

Concierge desk

Door man

Exercise gym

Housekeeping - daily

Laundry/Valet service

Pool

Room service

Safe deposit box

Security

Spa

Valet cleaning

Wakeup service

Bell staff/porter

Front desk

Lounges/bars

Full service housekeeping

Turndown service

Tennis court





Complimentary 3rd Night Free
What’s Included:

• Full breakfast daily, for up to two in room guests, in restaurant

• $150 USD equivalent Spa Services credit, to be utilized during stay (not combinable, not valid on room rate, no cash value if not redeemed in full)




Travel Dates:          11/11/2017 – 04/30/2018   (subject to availability)






Please Book online or contact our
Virtuoso Travel Advisor

[email protected]
for more details.






For 2017-2018, Virtuoso Rate Includes:
• Upgrade on arrival, subject to availability
• Full breakfast daily, for up to two in room guests, in restaurant
• $150 USD equivalent Spa Services credit, to be utilized during stay (not combinable, not valid on room rate, no cash value if not redeemed in full)
• Early check-in/late check-out, subject to availability
• Complimentary Wi-Fi
Why Book Virtuoso?

Exclusive rates at luxury properties worldwide VIP amenities for the discerning traveler
How to Book the Virtuoso Rate?
As a member of ClassicTravel.com, be sure to view the gold labeled Virtuoso rates when checking availability at Elbow Beach Bermuda. Enjoy the benefits of Virtuoso and booking with ClassicTravel.com!
Please Book directly online or contact our Virtuoso Travel Advisor
[email protected]
for more details.







Write a review
































Contact Us


Corporate Travel

Security and Privacy

Terms and Conditions


















Don’t just dream of #Paris.  When a hotel becomes your home @hoteldecrillon @ Hôtel de Crillon,…

4TH Night Free in Miami -





Copyright © 2017 Classic Travel Service, Inc.
All rights reserved








