
Sofitel Metropole Hanoi - Hanoi, Viet Nam | Classic Travel













Register



Login
















Home


Hotels


ClassicTravel Hotels
Virtuoso Hotels
"Preferred" Plat Hotels
Bellini Club Hotels
More...




Specialty travel


World's Best Safari
Honeymoons
Private Jet World Tour
Vietnam & Cambodia
North Island, N.Z.
Africa
Migration
Turkish Delight
More...




Guides


Lisbon
Berlin
Paris
Istanbul
Madrid
Siem Reap
Shanghai
More...



Blog

Contact Us






















Sofitel Metropole Hanoi





Other hotels in the area


Back to search Results






Hanoi, Viet Nam















Previous


Next












Sofitel Metropole Hanoi



15  Ngo Quyen Street,
Hanoi, Viet Nam




Hotel on Map







Setting:

City,
Virtuoso


Ambiance:

Classic Luxury


Activities & Dining:

Spa, Gym, Swimming


Add Hotel to your favorites





What's in
Hanoi
now?








Facebook




Twitter






























Check-in:




Check-out:



Rooms:



1

2



Guests:



1

2

3

4



















Review

Amenities

Virtuoso

Users Reviews





Sofitel Metropole Hanoi
Situated in the heart of Hanoi with its leafy boulevards and lakeside pagodas, this colonial-style hotel is ideally placed within walking distance to the famous Hanoi Opera House, Hoan Kiem (the Lake of the Restored Sword) and a number of art galleries and handicraft shops. Sofitel Legend Metropole Hanoi has been Hanoi';s legendary landmark since its establishment at the turn of last century and has always proved a popular rendezvous spot for both business and leisure travelers. The hotel has a number of restaurants and bars including Le Beaulieu Restaurant (French), Spices Garden Restaurant (Vietnamese), Angelina Restaurant (Italian), Bamboo Bar, L';Orangerie and Le Club Bar.
The hotel has 364 guestrooms and suites.Guestroom amenities include air-conditioning, broadband high speed Internet access, coffee & tea making facilities, satellite TV, mini-bar, bathrobes, sound proof windows, in-room safe, free in-room mineral water, hair dryers, turn down service and more.
SOFit center - The first upscale Boutique Fitness Center in Vietnam.Relocated in the hotel';s interior garden with direct access from the outdoor swimming pool, SOFit offers a new look that pleases the taste of anyone who loves stimulated fitness environment, contemporary design and sense of exclusivity. The Metropole has specifically ordered a full line of Life Fitness lifecycles and lifestrides advanced cardiovascular equipment as well as premium treadmills, crosstrainers and stairclimbers. Each piece of Cardio equipment is equipped with a personal LCD TV where members can catch up on news or watch favorite programs while doing exercises. SOFit staffs have been trained to deliver the best of personal training services.
Other leisure facilities include a massage, outdoor swimming pool, sauna, shopping arcade, sun beds and a tourist information desk. Other services and facilities include 24-hour room service, 24-hour security, baby sitting on request, balconies available with some rooms, a business centre, Club Floor Lounge, Concierge, car rental, currency exchange facilities, dry cleaning and laundry service, hotel limousine service to airport (additional charge), in-house doctor, news stand and private indoor parking (limited).
Sofitel Legend Metropole Hanoi offers luxury shopping at La Boutique. The boutique is ideally situated in Opera wing of the hotel overlooking the beautiful courtyard, with the aim of becoming a venue for local sophisticated shoppers and foreign travelers in Hanoi. La Boutique offers a lavish array of Vietnamese luxury lacquers, potteries, teddy bears created by skilful Vietnamese craftsmen. In addition to the souvenir gifts, the boutique also features a wide range of handmade clothes, accessories, jewelry and linen items crafted from high quality materials and designed by exclusive Vietnamese famous fashion designers. This is believed to satisfy the high demand of fashion lovers who are fans of traditional materials like silk, raw linen, natural stones.
A convergence of elegant neo-classic architecture and modern technology, Metropole';s Conference Center has three meeting rooms named after 2 Vietnamese famous sites Ha Long and Sapa. All meeting rooms have facilities for meetings with large meeting tables set with state of the art furniture excelling in ultimate comfort. Each of the four rooms can comfortably accommodate seating from 6 to 20 people. Located on Ground Floor and easily accessible from both the old and new wings, Conference Center is open from 7.00am to 11.00pm and fully equipped with fax, free WIFI and internet access, photocopying, tele-conferencing, computer rental services, and rental of mobile phones, LCD projectors. Additionally, secretarial services including translators, interpreters and typing are also available upon request.
Sofitel Metropole Hanoi
is a member of exclusive Virtuoso travel network. Book online or contact our Virtuoso Travel Advisor
[email protected]
for more details.
To learn more about
Virtuoso
click on the
Virtuoso Tab!






Air Conditioned

Babysitting/Child Services

Bar/Lounge

Barber Shop

Porters

Business Center

Car Rental Desk

Concierge Desk

Currency Exchange

24 Hour Front Desk

Exercise Gym

Multilingual

Free Newspaper

News Stand

Restaurant

Sauna

Smoke Detectors

Wake-up Service

Express Checkout

Mini Bar

No Smoking Rooms/Facilities

Safe Deposit Box

Television with Cable

Handicapped Rooms/Facilities

Meeting/Banquet Facilities

Pool

Shops/Commercial Services

Connecting Rooms

Cribs Available

Gift Shop

Express Check In

Laundry Service

Wheel Chair Access

Temperature Control

Outdoor Pool

24 Hour Security





For 2018, Virtuoso Rate Includes:

• Upgrade on arrival, subject to availability (no upgrades to Grand Premium or Suites)
• Daily Buffet breakfast, for up to two in room guests
• $75 USD equivalent Food and Beverage credit per room per hotel stay (provided once only during the first stay if a second stay takes place within 7 days. Not combinable, no cash value if not redeemed in full. Excludes the mini bar.)
• Afternoon tea with chocolate buffet OR a glass of champagne in Bamboo bar or Le Club bar per person for maximum of 2 people and on the first stay only (except the 2nd stay is after 7 days from the check-out date of the 1st stay)
• Early check-in (10am)/late check-out (2pm), subject to availability
• Complimentary Wi-Fi
Why Book Virtuoso?

Exclusive rates at luxury properties worldwide VIP amenities for the discerning traveler
How to Book the Virtuoso Rate?

As a member of ClassicTravel.com, be sure to view the gold labeled Virtuoso rates when checking availability at Sofitel Metropole Hanoi. Enjoy the benefits of Virtuoso and booking with ClassicTravel.com!
Book directly online or contact our Virtuoso Travel Advisor
[email protected]
for more details.





Write a review
































Contact Us


Corporate Travel

Security and Privacy

Terms and Conditions


















Don’t just dream of #Paris.  When a hotel becomes your home @hoteldecrillon @ Hôtel de Crillon,…

4TH Night Free in Miami -





Copyright © 2017 Classic Travel Service, Inc.
All rights reserved








