
Montage Laguna Beach - Laguna Beach, California | Classic Travel













Register



Login
















Home


Hotels


ClassicTravel Hotels
Virtuoso Hotels
"Preferred" Plat Hotels
Bellini Club Hotels
More...




Specialty travel


World's Best Safari
Honeymoons
Private Jet World Tour
Vietnam & Cambodia
North Island, N.Z.
Africa
Migration
Turkish Delight
More...




Guides


Lisbon
Berlin
Paris
Istanbul
Madrid
Siem Reap
Shanghai
More...



Blog

Contact Us






















Montage Laguna Beach





Other hotels in the area


Back to search Results






Laguna Beach, California, United States















Previous


Next












Montage Laguna Beach



30801 South Coast Highway,
Laguna Beach, California, United States




Hotel on Map







Setting:

Beach,
Spa,
Virtuoso


Ambiance:

Classic Luxury,
Timeless


Activities & Dining:

Spa, Gym, Fine Dining, Swimming


Add Hotel to your favorites







Facebook




Twitter






























Check-in:




Check-out:



Rooms:



1

2



Guests:



1

2

3

4



















Review

Amenities

Special Offer

Virtuoso

Babymoon

Users Reviews





Montage Resort & Spa
Montage Resort & Spa
is the ultimate southern California beach hotel located in the quintessential California beach town of
Laguna
.  It occupies 30 acres of spectacular beach front property and the dramatic views of the Pacific can be viewed from most anywhere.
Montage
is conservative in feeling but stylish and most important, extremely comfortable. The low rise architecture with shingle roofs, dark stained woods and stone accents blends beautifully into the area and assures its permanent high ranking status on the California coast. The public areas are furnished with beautiful upholstered furniture and great California art by Alfred Mitchell and Edgar Payne. Along with its dramatic ocean views and art this is one lobby you won’t mind waiting in if your room is not quite ready.
The signature restaurant here, Studio, is in a separate building set close to the edge of the 50-ft bluff overlooking the ocean. The notable chef is responsible for the California-inspired Mediterranean cuisine, while large windows serve up 280-degree views of the Pacific, a popular spot at sunset. Two wine vaults storing more than 2,000 bottles frame the bar, which has a communal table for casual dining. Alternative dining is at The Loft on the fourth floor of the main building, which serves all meals. A poolside grill offers up light meals throughout the day.
There are three pools here: a lap pool at the spa, a children's pool and the main pool with its infinity edge and mosaic sunburst tiling. The spa is central to the hotel's operation and features 21 private indoor and outdoor treatment rooms with floor-to-ceiling ocean views, a fitness room, steam and sauna rooms, a whirlpool, cold plunge and club-style men's and women's locker rooms.  If you’re a work out maniac this gym is ideal as the views bring the outside in and you can easily move to the pool in between sets. The spinning classes, which are offered daily, also provide beautiful views while you’re breaking a sweat.
The accommodations, much like the public areas, are soft and comfortable with dark wood furnishings, crown moldings and easy-on-the-eye color schemes highlighted by original artwork. The rooms are maintained beautifully and soft goods are replaced here more then at most luxury hotels. The baths all have separate showers, marble vanities and deep soaking tubs. The ledges are deep enough for champagne or wine glasses.  If you’re traveling with out children we recommend the rooms closest to the spa.
Beds are layered with goose-down pillows, feather-top mattresses and 400-thread-count linens. Amenities are high tech, from the DVD and CD players to the cordless phones and 27-inch flat-screen TVs. All rooms open to balconies with ocean views. Besides desks and vanities, queen-bedded rooms come with an armchair, and king-bedded rooms provide L-shaped loveseats.
A three-to-one guest-to-staff ratio ensures quick action, whether dealing with valet parking (there is no self-parking), 24-hour room service or evening turndown. Pets are permitted.
The
Montage Resort and Spa
is not part of any hotel chain and that is one of the reasons why we think it’s even more special. Its standards are close to perfection and certainly world class.  Some of the big boy’s in the hospitality industry could learn a thing or two by staying here for a few days.
Montage Resort & Spa
is a member of exclusive Virtuoso travel network. Book online or contact our Virtuoso Travel Advisor
[email protected]
for more details.
To learn more about
Virtuoso
click on the
Virtuoso Tab!





Babysitting/Child Services

Bar/Lounge

Barber/Beauty Shop

Business Center

24 Hour Front Desk

Free Newspaper

Restaurant

Concierge

Express Checkout

Mini Bar

No Smoking Rooms/Facilities

Room Service

Safe Deposit Box

Fitness Center or Spa

Television with Cable

Laundry/Valet Services

Handicapped Rooms/Facilities

Meeting/Banquet Facilities

Pool

Shops/Commercial Services

Pets Allowed

Beach





Upgrade at time of Booking



The
Montage Laguna Beach
Hotel offers Upgrade at time of Booking in 2018! All upgrades are subject to availability, and may apply to specific room types.



Please click on the V
irtuoso Tab
for more information or contact our
Virtuoso Travel Advisor

[email protected]
.






For 2018, Virtuoso Rate Includes:
• View upgrade at time of booking, subject to availability (applicable to Ocean Coastal & above)
• $60 daily breakfast credit at The Loft or Room Service
• $100 USD equivalent Spa Services credit to be utilized during stay (not combinable, not valid on room rate, no cash value if not redeemed in full)
• Early check-in, subject to availability
• 4pm guaranteed late check-out
• Roundtrip private transfer to South Coast Plaza, a luxury shopping destination
• Welcome Amenity
• Complimentary Wi-Fi
*for suite stays of 2 nights or more, spa credit is $200.00
Why Book Virtuoso?

Exclusive rates at luxury properties worldwide VIP amenities for the discerning traveler
How to Book the Virtuoso Rate?
As a member of ClassicTravel.com, be sure to view the gold labeled Virtuoso rates when checking availability at Montage Resort & Spa. Enjoy the benefits of Virtuoso and booking with ClassicTravel.com!
Book directly online
or contact our
Virtuoso Travel Advisor
[email protected]
for more details.




The Montage Resort & Spa
created luxurious Babymoon experience for expecting couples : featured on
BabyMoon.eu
The Montage Resort & Spa
• Pre-natal Surrender, a full day of pre-natal spa treatments including:
◦ pre-natal massage
◦ pre-natal facial
◦ skin care consultation
◦ beach walk
◦ stretching session
◦ private yoga session
◦ pre-natal marine wrap
• Daily breakfast
• Spa Montage Robe
• Two-night Ocean View accommodations
Virtuoso Advisor
- Contact our
Babymoon Specialist
Heather Solish
to customize the perfect getaway!
I spent my
Babymoon at Banyan Tree
let me find the perfect spot for you !! Heather





Write a review
































Contact Us


Corporate Travel

Security and Privacy

Terms and Conditions


















Don’t just dream of #Paris.  When a hotel becomes your home @hoteldecrillon @ Hôtel de Crillon,…

4TH Night Free in Miami -





Copyright © 2017 Classic Travel Service, Inc.
All rights reserved








