
Fairmont Grand Del Mar - San Diego, California | Classic Travel













Register



Login
















Home


Hotels


ClassicTravel Hotels
Virtuoso Hotels
"Preferred" Plat Hotels
Bellini Club Hotels
More...




Specialty travel


World's Best Safari
Honeymoons
Private Jet World Tour
Vietnam & Cambodia
North Island, N.Z.
Africa
Migration
Turkish Delight
More...




Guides


Lisbon
Berlin
Paris
Istanbul
Madrid
Siem Reap
Shanghai
More...



Blog

Contact Us






















Fairmont Grand Del Mar





Other hotels in the area


Back to search Results






San Diego, California, United States















Previous


Next












Fairmont Grand Del Mar



5300 Grand Del Mar Ct,
San Diego, California, United States




Hotel on Map







Setting:

Spa,
Golf,
Virtuoso


Ambiance:

Classic Luxury,
Timeless


Activities & Dining:

Golfing, Spa, Gym


Add Hotel to your favorites







Facebook




Twitter






























Check-in:




Check-out:



Rooms:



1

2



Guests:



1

2

3

4



















Review

Amenities

Special Offer

Virtuoso

Upgrade

Users Reviews





Fairmont Grand Del Mar
Farimont Grand Del Maris located in coastal, northern San Diego, just east of I-5 and surrounded by the pristine coastal communities of La Jolla, Del Mar and Rancho Santa Fe. This new luxury resort destination is just minutes from San Diego';s renowned beaches, the Del Mar Thoroughbred Club, numerous restaurants and boutiques, and a short commute to Southern California';s top attractions and the San Diego International Airport.
After a hike in the canyon, a rejuvenating spa experience, or a day on the fairways, Fairmont Grand Del Mar’s luxurious resort accommodations are the ideal retreat. Decorated in an elegant, yet inviting turn-of-the-century style with dark wood furnishings, crown moldings, stylish fixtures, and a jewel-toned color scheme, each of the 249 lavishly appointed guestrooms offer commanding views of the golf course or the serene nature preserve.
San Diego’s newest resort also features31 spacious suites, including a pair of 2,840-square-foot, two-bedroom presidential suites, 12 Palazzo Suites, five Veranda Suites and 12 Prado Suites. These expansive spaces are perfect for an extended stay with family and friends or a relaxing, ultra-luxury experience.
The imaginative chefs of Fairmont Grand Del Mar embrace the intricate craftsmanship of the resort’s stunning architecture and exquisite details, creating a fluid transition from place to plate.Six venues offer a multitude of options from elegant fine dining and creative contemporary cuisine to casual poolside fare, gourmet espressos and cocktails with evening entertainment.
An extensive wine program, seasonal menus, Afternoon Tea, cooking classes with our executive culinary team, and events for oenophiles, epicureans and connoisseurs enhance the resort’s culinary offerings throughout the year.
Lounge poolside. Take a scenic hike. Focus on your wellbeing. Dive into the ocean… or the action. Fairmont Grand Del Mar is nestled in the heart of Southern California , drenched in year-round sunlight and surrounded by a wonderland of flora and fauna. Endless options offer something for everyone – the active enthusiast, the spirited adventurer, the culinary connoisseur and the style seeker.
From pro-style tennis courts and an 18-hole championship golf course to seasonal cooking classes and an abundance of outdoor recreation in the 37 miles of canyon preserve trails, the vibrant activity of the resort will meet your every need for fun.
Retreat from the world and slip into a relaxed state at The Spa at FairmontGrand Del Mar. Tensions and worries will melt away as you enter the 21,000-square-foot spa embellished in old-world elegance – soothing tones, crystal glass tiles, imported white Carrera marble and warm wood accents.
A masterpiece of dramatic elevations, diverse bunkering and lush fairways beckons at The Grand Golf Club.San Diego’s only Tom Fazio-designed golf course winds through the rugged beauty of Los Peñasquitos Canyon Preserve– native chaparral cloaked hillsides and tree-topped ridgelines create a stunning natural playground.Close enough to the Pacific to capture ocean breezes, this spectacular setting is washed in the quintessential Southern California glow. Year-round play and multiple tee boxes for all levels highlight this challenging and unforgettable experience, exclusively available for resort guests, members and Villa owners.
The Villasat Fairmont Grand del Mar These 3-bedroom homes offer 4,500 square-foot floor plans, including a private elevator, spacious master suite with lavish his-and-hers bathrooms. The sprawling, airy layouts provide ample space for entertaining inside and out, secluded outdoor terraces, dramatic fireplaces and fire-pits, sunken Jacuzzi, and picturesque views of the lush fairways of The Grand Golf Club.
In the fully furnished and appointed interiors, European antiques, luscious fabrics, hand-trawled Venetian plaster, stone finishes, and glowing chestnut-wood floors not only to create a look that is both cultivated and classic, but that stays true to the legendary Addison Mizner Aesthetic. You’ll find everything from SONY LCD flat-screen televisions throughout (plus a 60” theater-quality TV in the generous media room!) to a fully-computer-equipped home office; from Sub-Zero and Wolf appliances in the beyond gourmet-kitchen to the state-of-the-art lighting and audio systems indoors and out.
This is the perfect setting for pampered living, where every imaginable luxury is at your fingertips. Villa guests enjoy resort-level amenities including: Steps-away swimming and tennis, a long menu of concierge and personal butler services, 24-hour in-Villa dining, housekeeping and laundry—they’re all part of the offer.
Villa Appointments All villas come fully furnished and appointed, 4,500 Sq feet Personal elevator of easy access from first to second floor Attached 2-car garage and golf cart garage, luxury golf cart included Master bedroom features king bed, sitting area, large master deck with outdoor fireplace, and his and her-bathrooms Two luxurious guest King bedded suites with spacious bathrooms and walk-in closets, one of the suites has an alcove den with a full size pull out couch Furniture pieces and fabrics collected and crafted around the world Italian Linens Media room with 60” Sony Plasma TV, DVD player and theater quality surround sound Home office with computer, large LCD monitor and fax/scanner/printer. Spacious living and entertaining area with a full wet bar with climate controlled wine storage and 30 foot fully retractable window walls between indoor and outdoor spaces.
The Fairmont Grand Del Mar
is a member of exclusive Virtuoso travel network. Book online or contact our Virtuoso Travel Advisor
[email protected]
for more details.
To learn more about Virtuoso click on the
Virtuoso Tab!







Computer

Copier

High speed internet connection

Newspaper

Wireless internet connection

Audio visual equipment

Business center

Meeting/board rooms

News stand

Network/internet printing available

Wireless connectivity

On-site business center

On-site business center is staffed

Local calls

Long distance calls

Free operator assisted calls

Business services

Meeting facilities

24-hour front desk

24-hour room service

24-hour security

Air conditioning

ATM/Cash machine

Baby sitting

Car rental desk

Cocktail lounge

Coffee shop

Concierge desk

Currency exchange

Desk with electrical outlet

Doctor on call

Exercise gym

Express check-in

Express check-out

Game room

Gift/News stand

Hairdresser/barber

Accessible facilities

Health club

Heated pool

Housekeeping - daily

Indoor parking

Jacuzzi

Jogging track

Laundry/Valet service

Massage services

Nightclub

On-Site parking

Outdoor pool

Parking

Photocopy center

Playground

Pool

Public address system

Room service

Sauna

Security

Shoe shine stand

Spa

Sundry/Convenience store

Technical concierge

Tour/sightseeing desk

Translation services

Valet cleaning

Dry cleaning

Valet parking

Video tapes

Wakeup service

Whirlpool

Bell staff/porter

Beauty shop/salon

Accessible parking

Valet same day dry cleaning

Public area air conditioned

Individual Efolio available

Video review billing

Complimentary in-room coffee or tea

Complimentary newspaper in lobby

Complimentary shoeshine

Front desk

Grocery shopping service available

Full american breakfast

Lounges/bars

Barber shop

Video checkout

Parking fee managed by hotel

Transportation

Breakfast served in restaurant

Lunch served in restaurant

Dinner served in restaurant

Full service housekeeping

Wireless internet connection in public areas

Transportation services - local area

Transportation services - local office

DVD/video rental

Parking lot

Children's play area

Children's nursery

Early check-in

Non-smoking rooms (generic)

Train access

Baggage hold

Late check-out available

Turndown service

Lobby coffee service

Children welcome

Pets allowed

Business center

Secured parking

Racquetball

Tennis court

Water sports

Child programs

Golf

Hair dryer

Ironing board

Heated guest rooms

Interior corridors

Kitchenette

Private bath or shower

Fire safety compliant

Meeting rooms





Virtuoso 3rd Night Free
What’s Included:
• $50 Daily breakfast credit



• $100 One-time Activity credit; valid for spa services, golf play or golf instruction, Explorer's Club (ages 5-12); not valid for Haim Salon or retail

• Upgrade at booking for rooms; upgrade at check-in for suites; all based on availability


Travel Dates:          06/21/2017 – 12/31/2017   (subject to availability)






Please Book online or contact our
Virtuoso Travel Advisor

[email protected]
for more details.








For 2018, Virtuoso Rate Includes:
• Upgrade at time of booking, subject to availability (excluding suites)
• Daily Continental breakfast for up to two in-room guests, served in Amaya or in-room dining (up to $70 per room, per day)
• $100 USD Activity credit per stay, valid for golf play, golf instruction, the Spa services, and/or Explorer's Club fees to be utilized during stay (cannot be combined, not valid on room rate, no cash value if not redeemed in full – not valid towards retail or Haim Salon Services)
• Early check-in/late check-out, subject to availability
• Complimentary Wi-Fi
Why Book Virtuoso?

Exclusive rates at luxury properties worldwide VIP amenities for the discerning traveler
How to Book the Virtuoso Rate?
As a member of ClassicTravel.com, be sure to view the gold labeled Virtuoso rates when checking availability at Grand Del Mar. Enjoy the benefits of Virtuoso and booking with ClassicTravel.com!
Book directly online
or contact our
Virtuoso Travel Advisor

[email protected]
for more details.




Upgrade at time of Booking



The
Fairmont Grand Del Mar
offers Upgrade at time of Booking in 2018! All upgrades are subject to availability, and may apply to specific room types.



Please click on the
Virtuoso Tab
for more information or contact our V
irtuoso Travel Advisor

[email protected]
.







Write a review
































Contact Us


Corporate Travel

Security and Privacy

Terms and Conditions


















Don’t just dream of #Paris.  When a hotel becomes your home @hoteldecrillon @ Hôtel de Crillon,…

4TH Night Free in Miami -





Copyright © 2017 Classic Travel Service, Inc.
All rights reserved








