
Vietnam & Cambodia - Specialty Travel Itineraries













Register



Login
















Home


Hotels


ClassicTravel Hotels
Virtuoso Hotels
"Preferred" Plat Hotels
Bellini Club Hotels
More...




Specialty travel


World's Best Safari
Honeymoons
Private Jet World Tour
Vietnam & Cambodia
North Island, N.Z.
Africa
Migration
Turkish Delight
More...




Guides


Lisbon
Berlin
Paris
Istanbul
Madrid
Siem Reap
Shanghai
More...



Blog

Contact Us











Home
>

Specialty Travel
>

Experiences





Vietnam & Cambodia

[email protected]



Tweet
















At A Glance


This trip will lead you through the lush landscapes and sleek cities of Vietnam and Cambodia, and there’s really no time like the present to experience such an amazing trip. The beauty of both countries has been left relatively untouched by tourists, allowing us to show you the true nature of the East.

Some highlights of the trip include staying aboard a traditional Vietnamese Junk boat with luxury accommodations, strolling along the famous Perfumed River with its scents of jasmine and orchids, relaxing along the beaches of Nha Trang, and climbing the picturesque Angkor Wat to marvel at the resiliency of Cambodian culture. You’ll truly experience all the region has to offer by immersing yourself in the culture through dining, sight-seeing, and nightlife in each city, and you’ll have the added bonus of rest and relaxation at a few of Vietnam’s prime beach towns.

Almost every city will provide postcard-perfect scenes: this is definitely a trip of a lifetime—unbelievable sights, five-star nights, and a million memories!



Book


Got a question? Call us
1.888.212.6444








Info

Detailed Itinerary




Itinerary


Rates available on request


Day 1 - 2: Hanoi

Vietnam's capital city, Hanoi, begins your journey through Vietnam and Cambodia. Make your way through the chaotic streets and the beautiful French archritecture to visit the Old Quarter, Temple of Literature, and the Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum.

Overnight at: Sofitel Metropole

Day 3 - 4: Halong Bay

Travel to Halong Bay: a gorgeous collection of islands, caves, and sweeping vistas of blue sky. We'll be here for two days to relax and take in the views so unbelievable that they were declared a World Heritage Site.

Overnight at:
The Jasmine, a luxury junk boat (traditional style boat--not trash!) with beautiful accommodation decorated in the 1930s Indochine style.

Day 5 - 6: Hue

Hue was once home to the Imperial Kings of the empire, and still maintains its royal tendencies. Stroll along the Perfume River, which gets its scent from the orchids and other flowers that fall into the water upstream, and walk inside the Imperial Citadel, the forbidden city that was only accessible to kings and their inner circle.

Overnight at:
La Residence Hotel and Spa

Day 6 - 7: Hoi An

Located right on the coast, Hoi An used to be the center of trade for the region, attracting merchants from all over looking for silks, spices, and porcelain. Walk around and take in the quaint and beautifully preserved streets with their tile-roofed shop houses and gorgeous pagodas.

Overnight at:

The Nam Hai

Day 8 - 9: Nha Trang

Time to hit the beach! Nha Trang is the perfect seaside oasis with white sands, clear turquoise waters, and some of the best snorkeling and diving in all of Vietnam. If you're tired of relaxing you can also tour the Cham ruin complex, made up of largely ruined towers and buildings and one majestically intact North Tower.

Overnight at:
Evason Hideaway at Ana Mandara

Day 10 - 11: Saigon (Ho Chi Minh City)

Saigon is probably the most cosmopolitan of the cities in Vietnam with a bustling art, fashion, and dining scene. International buzz aside, this city also has some beautiful architecture and historic sites that are not to be missed; we'll visit the Thien Hau Pagoda, Notre Dame Cathedral, and War Remnants Museum to fully round out our esperience in Ho Chi Minh City.

Overnight at:
The Hotel Park Hyatt Saigon

Travel:
From Saigon through the Mekong Delta (2 hours): an area awash with rice fields, floating markets, and artful intersecting tributaries.

Day 12 - 14: Siemreap / Angkor

End your trip with the awe-inspiring trip to Angkor. Use the wonderful Siemreap as your travel base and indulge in delicious Khmer food before traveling to the legendary Angkor Wat and the surrounding temples. Go for the photo op at sunrise and then travel to the lesser known, but no less amazing surrounding areas for views of temples covered in banyan trees, and intricate carvings of Hindu stories. A truly memorable way to end your trip!

Overnight at:

Amansara

Book






Tweet








Detailed Itinerary

Although we have given a sample itinerary, we think that every trip should be customizable—that’s why it’s luxury, and that’s why it’s specialty travel. Your trip can be altered to your tastes, desires, and needs, and special activities like helicopter rides, private tours, or cooking classes can be added. To get the most out of your own travel experience, contact Ken Lewis at 212.404.6371 (
[email protected]
), who specializes in Vietnam and Cambodia.






Specialty Travel


Safaris


Africa
Migration
South Africa Adventure
South African Luxury Hotels
Tanzania
World's Best Safari
Four Seasons' Safari & Sand


Destination Weddings and Honeymoons


Honeymoons
Thailand Honeymoon
French Polynesia Honeymoon
Italy Honeymoon
Aspen Weddings
Peru & Brazil
Caribbean
Australia/New Zealand
Moroccan Adventure
Hawaii Honeymoon
Honeymoon in Turkey
Greek Honeymoon
Chile Honeymoon
Babymoon in Style
Cruising in Tahiti
Iceland Honeymoon
Tanzania and Zanzibar
Argentina Adventure
Romantic France
Vietnam and Cambodia Honeymoon
Dubai & Maldives Honeymoon


Ancient Worlds


Egypt and Jordan
China
Unmissable Peru
Kohima Camp, Nagaland


Celebrity Picks


Mario Batali
Eric Ripert
Gray Kunz
Jeff Bland
Daniel Boulud
Mark Ingram


Experiences


Turkish Delight
North Island, N.Z.
Vietnam & Cambodia
Ice Hotel Experience
Galapagos
Private Jet World Tour
Journey to Japan
Gay History for Gay Travelers
Discover Oman
Aspen Gay Ski Week 2018
Elephant Conservation Tour
Incredible Ireland
A Journey Through Myanmar
Cuba - History & Culture
Sri Lanka
Villes & Villages Tour

















Contact Us


Corporate Travel

Security and Privacy

Terms and Conditions


















Don’t just dream of #Paris.  When a hotel becomes your home @hoteldecrillon @ Hôtel de Crillon,…

4TH Night Free in Miami -





Copyright © 2017 Classic Travel Service, Inc.
All rights reserved








