
Turkish Delight - Specialty Travel Itineraries













Register



Login
















Home


Hotels


ClassicTravel Hotels
Virtuoso Hotels
"Preferred" Plat Hotels
Bellini Club Hotels
More...




Specialty travel


World's Best Safari
Honeymoons
Private Jet World Tour
Vietnam & Cambodia
North Island, N.Z.
Africa
Migration
Turkish Delight
More...




Guides


Lisbon
Berlin
Paris
Istanbul
Madrid
Siem Reap
Shanghai
More...



Blog

Contact Us











Home
>

Specialty Travel
>

Experiences





Turkey in Style

TRAVELSTYLE



Tweet
















At A Glance


Turkey's densely layered cityscapes, magnificent ruins, chaotic bazaars, and rich, complex cuisine stem from the country's unique position at the crossroads of Asia and Europe. Relish in discovering the exotism, stlye and culture of this special destination with classictravel.com.

Stay in Deluxe rooms in Turkey's premier luxury hotels and resorts. Enjoy your own private guide and driver, your own yacht, regional flights and private airport transfers, restaurant reservations at the top dining establisments, shopping recommendations, tickets to cultural events, and exclusive access to local activities. The only way it should be done --- in style.



Book


Got a question? Call us
1.888.212.6444








Info

Detailed Itinerary




Itinerary


USD 38,500.00 per person


Day 1: ISTANBUL
You will be picked up this morning by your private driver and escorted to the
Çırağan Palace Hotel Kempinski
. Private guides will take you on a journey that will submerse you into the history of the city. Your first stop will be the Haghia Sophia, the largest church in the world. Next, you will visit the Blue Mosque, namely the Mosque of Sultan Ahmet. Lunch will be served at Zeyrekhane Restaurant overlooking  the Golden Horn. Afterwards, you will be immersed into one of the most mystical atmospheres, notably that of the Underground Cistern. This afternoon you will be driven to the highlight event of the summer
Istanbul Music Festival
(only available between June 6 - June 30th). Later that evening  you will be chauffeured to
Ulus 29
.

Day 2: ISTANBUL
Today, enjoy a full day cruise to Prince's Islands with your private yacht M/S Süreyya V which will be waiting for you at the quay of the hotel. On your way, you will have a chance to discover Burgaz Ada, Heybeli Ada and finally Büyük Ada (Big Island).  Around noon, enjoy lunch at a typical local fish restaurant: Milto. Experience a traditional private horse carriage tour of the island.Later enjoy the night life at Sortie Club and finally make a nightcap stop at Angelique, another hot spot.

Day 3: ISTANBUL
At 1.00p.m.  lunch at Pandeli Restaurant. Afterwards, take a stroll around the colorful Spice Bazaar. Then visit one of the world’s largest covered bazaars; the Grand Bazaar – a labyrinth of over 4,000 little shops. This afternoon your last stop will be at the hippest shopping district in the city, Maçka.  Dinner on your private yacht tonight. Enjoy an hour long sunset champagne cruise along the Bosphorus where you will disembark at a 200-year-old private Ottoman mansion. The grand-daughters will show you around the property and invite you for dinner.
Day 4: ISTANBUL - KAYSERI
Your private jet will take you to Kayseri. Once you arrive in Kayseri, your private guide and driver will transfer you to the Anatolian House Hotel.
After lunch at the hotel's Alaturka Restaurant your private guide will take you to the Uchisar Castle, a rocky volcanic outcrop located in the village of Uchisar.  The next stop will be Goreme, an open-air Museum, the cradle of Christianity with 1600 year old rock carved churches and monasteries. Then on to the town of Avanos.  The town's cobbled streets have superb views of the river. Back to hotel and then dinner at Elai's.
Day 5: KAYSERI
This morning you will discover the Kaymakli Underground City, carved by the early Christians.  After lunch at Bizim Ev Restaurant you will visit a rock carved house still inhabited by a local farmer.  Return to hotel and then dinner at  Lil'a Restaurant at the Museum Hotel.
Day 6: KAYSERI
Participate in the rounding up of the wild Turkoman horses, namely the Akhal-Teke breed also called the "golden-horses" which are said to be one of the oldest surviving horse breeds.
Later transfer to Kayseri airport where your private jet will fly you to Bodrum.  After arriving in Bodrum you will be transferred to
Kempinski Barbaros Bay Bodrum
or
Maça Kızı Hotel
.  The rest of day will be at leisure.  Later that evening enjoy dinner at one of the best fish restaurants in Bodrum, MEY.
Day 7: BODRUM
Spend the day at the trendiest beach club of Turkbuku: Ship Ahoy where a lounge will be waiting for you. That evening you will dine at the famous fish restaurant Sait in Yalikavak.
Day 8: BODRUM
After breakfast, your private gulet will be waiting to take you on a journey where you will have the oppportunity to discover the most magnificient  bays of the Bodrum Peninsula.  That evening you will be dining at the Maki Restaurant.
Day 9: PRIVATE JET HOME......
After check-out, you will be transferred to the aiport where your private jet will be waiting to take you to Istanbul (40 minute flight) in time for your connecting flight home.

Book






Tweet








Detailed Itinerary

Day 1  ISTANBUL
a.m. hours:
Arrival to Istanbul Ataturk International Airport; personal greeting at the plane’s gate and transfer to the Hotel by your private chauffeured Mercedes Benz following fast track assistance through visas, immigration and customs.
11.30 a.m.:
Arrival to the
Çırağan Palace Hotel Kempinski
; time to check-in and freshen up.
12.00 noon
: As you depart from your hotel’s lobby with your private guide, your tour will take you on a journey that will submerse you into the history of the city. Our first stop will be the
Haghia Sophia
, one of the greatest architectural examples of the period, built during the reign of
Justinian The Great
- the most famous of all Byzantine emperors. The Haghia Sophia was the largest church in the world and kept that title for 1089 consecutive years; it was later on turned into a mosque by Fatih Sultan Mehmet, the conqueror of Istanbul.
Next, visit the
Blue Mosque
, namely the Mosque of Sultan Ahmet, built in the classic Ottoman style and decorated with some of the most exquisite blue tiles and glass-work.
1.40 p.m.:
We will then move towards
Zeyrekhane Restaurant
overlooking the Golden Horn, where you can have a taste of the authentic Turkish dishes.
3.00 p.m.
: After lunch, you will be immersed into one of the most mystical  atmospheres, notably that of  the
Underground Cistern
, thought to have been built after the Nika revolt in 532 AD. Known as the Basilica Cistern during the Roman period, after the conquest of the city by the Ottoman Turks, the cistern's existence was totally forgotten. Re-discovered in 1545, it was used to water the gardens of the Topkapi Palace. The cistern is supported by 336 beautiful columns two of which are carved with the head of Medusa on the plinth.
4.00 p.m.
:  Arrival to the hotel.
7.00 p.m.:
Your driver will be waiting to transfer you to the highlight event of the Istanbul Music Festival (only available between June 6th -  30th , 2008).
9.30 p.m.:
Roundtrip transfer to
Ulus 29
where Turkish and international specialties are served in a chic atmosphere.

Day 2  ISTANBUL
9.30 a.m.:
Today, enjoy a full day cruise to the Prince’s Islands with your private yacht
M/S Süreyya V
which will be waiting for you at the quay of the Hotel. On your way, you will have a chance to discover
Kınalı Ada, Burgaz Ada, Heybeli Ada
before arriving to
Büyük Ada
(Big Island).
12.00 noon.
:  Enjoy a simple yet delightful lunch at a typical local fish restaurant of the Big Island:
Milto.
2.00 p.
m.:  Then, experience a traditional private horse carriage tour of the island   prior to boarding the yacht. Afternoon coffee and tea will be served aboard  M/S Süreyya V.
5.00 p.m.
:  Arrival back to the hotel.
Day 3  ISTANBUL
a.m. hours: Morning at leisure.
1.00 p.m.:
Today, your guide will take you through the
Spice Market
at the entrance of which you will find the historic
Pandeli Restaurant
.
2.30 p.m.:
After lunch, take a stroll around the colorful Spice Market , also called the Egyptian Bazaar, to discover the 1001 smells and tastes. Then visit one of the world’s largest covered bazaars; the
Grand Bazaar
– a labyrinth of over 4,000 little shops. Moving from old to the modern, our last stop will be at the trendiest shopping spot; Istinye Park.
6.00 p.m.
:  Arrival back to the hotel.
8.00 p.m.:
Your private yacht will be waiting you to embark at the quay of the Hotel for an hour long sunset champagne cruise along the Bosphorus. Your captain will then drop you off at a 200-year-old private Ottoman mansion, notably at the
Hekimbasi Salih Efendi
mansion, one of few such yalis that remain along the Bosphorus. Built by the sultan’s head physician, it is still owned by his family. The grand-daughters will show you around the property and invite you for a private dinner.

Day 4  ISTANBUL - KAYSERI
10.00 a.m.
: After breakfast and check-out, you will be transferred to the airport by your chauffeured private Mercedes Benz.
10.30 a.m
: Arrival to the airport where your private jet will be waiting to take you to Kayseri.
11.45 a.m
. : Arrival to Kayseri Airport; your private guide and driver will be waiting to transfer you to the
Anatolian Houses Hotel
. After check-in, you will have time to freshen up and relax.
2.00 p.m.
:  After lunch at the hotel’s
Alaturka Restaurant
, your private guide will  take you first to the
Uçhisar Castle
- a rocky volcanic outcrop located in   the village of Uchisar. The rock is riddled with tunnels and caves. From   the top of the rock you have great views of Goreme and Cappadocia. You can also see
Mt Erciyes
, 3916m high, hovering in the distance. Oddly enough you cannot find information on why the locals dug so many caves into the rock. You can imagine it was for defensive reasons hence the name. Our next stop will be the
Göreme open-air Museum
– the cradle of Christianity with 1,600 year old rock carved churches and monasteries. These tall free standing cones of stone curve and twist as if pulled from the earth like taffy or they are tall and shaped like fairy chimneys.
In
Avanos -
an attractive old town with cobbled streets and superb views over the river, you will have a
private workshop
on the making of earthenware pottery where you will be taught all about its production. The ceramic trade in this district and its countless pottery factories date right back to the Hittites and the ceramic clay from the red silt of  Kızılırmak (red river) has always been used.

6.00 p.m.:
Arrival back to the hotel.
8.00 p.m.:
Roundtrip transfer to
Elai
for a typical taste of the regional varieties.

Day 5  KAYSERI
9.30 a.m.:
This morning, you can discover the
Kaymaklı Underground

City
carved by the early Christian refugees which will take you on a journey into earth, the fairy chimneys and amazing natural stone formations.
12.00 p.m.:
Enjoy lunch at
Bizim Ev Restaurant
where you can savor some of the best local delicacies.
1.30 p.m.
:   After lunch, visit a rock carved house still inhabited by a local farmer's family at the
Avcılar Valley
followed by
Başabağ
and the ruins of Zelve which are spread over three valleys and inhabited until 1952. Apart from monasteries and churches, houses, a tunnel joining two of the valleys, a mill, a mosque and several dove-cotes are found in the valley. You will also have the opportunity to visit
Dervent Valley
namely the “Red Valley” with its rock-cut churches.
5.30 p.m.:
Arrival back to the hotel.
8.00 p.m
.: Roundtrip transfer to
Lil’a Restaurant
at the Museum Hotel.
Day 6  KAYSERI
9.00 a.m.
: After breakfast and check-out, participate in the rounding up of the wild Turkoman horses, namely the
Akhal-Teke
breed also called the "golden-horses". Thought to be one of the oldest surviving horse breeds, there are currently about 3,500 Akhal-Tekes remaining in the world. Witness their taming and traning, after which you can also enjoy a ride on them to discover the beauty of the surrounding scenery.
1.30 p.m.:
Arrival to Kayseri airport where your private jet will be waiting to take  you to Bodrum.
2.30 p.m
. : Arrival to Bodrum Airport and transfer to the hotel.
4.00p.m
.: Check in to the
Maça Kızı Hotel
and remaining afternoon at leisure.
8.30 p.m.:
Roundtrip transfer will be provided to one of the best fish restaurants of Bodrum;
Mey.

Day 7  BODRUM
11.00 a.m.:
After breakfast, you will be transferred to the trendiest beach club of Türkbükü;
Ship Ahoy
where a lounge will be waiting for you.
6.00 p.m
.: Arrival back to the hotel.
8.30 p.m
.: Recommended dinner at the famous fish restaurant
Sait
in Yalıkavak.

Day 8  BODRUM
10.00 a.m.:
After breakfast, your private gulet will be waiting to take you on a journey  where you will have the opportunity to discover some of the nicest bays of  the Bodrum peninsula. Enjoy  watersports, take a dive in the crystal clear waters or relax in the sun and let the crew pamper you. A barbeque lunch and refreshments will be served aboard.
5.00 p.m.:
Arrival back to the hotel.
8.30 p.m.:
Roundtrip transfer will be provided for a wonderful dinner at
Maki Restaurant
.

Day 9  PRIVATE JET HOME....
a.m..:
After check-out, you will be transferred to the airport where your private jet will be waiting to take you back to
Istanbul
(40 minute flight) in time for your connection back home.








Specialty Travel


Safaris


Africa
Migration
South Africa Adventure
South African Luxury Hotels
Tanzania
World's Best Safari
Four Seasons' Safari & Sand


Destination Weddings and Honeymoons


Honeymoons
Thailand Honeymoon
French Polynesia Honeymoon
Italy Honeymoon
Aspen Weddings
Peru & Brazil
Caribbean
Australia/New Zealand
Moroccan Adventure
Hawaii Honeymoon
Honeymoon in Turkey
Greek Honeymoon
Chile Honeymoon
Babymoon in Style
Cruising in Tahiti
Iceland Honeymoon
Tanzania and Zanzibar
Argentina Adventure
Romantic France
Vietnam and Cambodia Honeymoon
Dubai & Maldives Honeymoon


Ancient Worlds


Egypt and Jordan
China
Unmissable Peru
Kohima Camp, Nagaland


Celebrity Picks


Mario Batali
Eric Ripert
Gray Kunz
Jeff Bland
Daniel Boulud
Mark Ingram


Experiences


Turkish Delight
North Island, N.Z.
Vietnam & Cambodia
Ice Hotel Experience
Galapagos
Private Jet World Tour
Journey to Japan
Gay History for Gay Travelers
Discover Oman
Aspen Gay Ski Week 2018
Elephant Conservation Tour
Incredible Ireland
A Journey Through Myanmar
Cuba - History & Culture
Sri Lanka
Villes & Villages Tour

















Contact Us


Corporate Travel

Security and Privacy

Terms and Conditions


















Don’t just dream of #Paris.  When a hotel becomes your home @hoteldecrillon @ Hôtel de Crillon,…

4TH Night Free in Miami -





Copyright © 2017 Classic Travel Service, Inc.
All rights reserved








