
Andaz Mayakoba - Playa del Carmen, Mexico | Classic Travel













Register



Login
















Home


Hotels


ClassicTravel Hotels
Virtuoso Hotels
"Preferred" Plat Hotels
Bellini Club Hotels
More...




Specialty travel


World's Best Safari
Honeymoons
Private Jet World Tour
Vietnam & Cambodia
North Island, N.Z.
Africa
Migration
Turkish Delight
More...




Guides


Lisbon
Berlin
Paris
Istanbul
Madrid
Siem Reap
Shanghai
More...



Blog

Contact Us






















Andaz Mayakoba





Other hotels in the area


Back to search Results






Playa Del Carmen, Mexico















Previous


Next












Andaz Mayakoba



Carreterra Federal Chetumal Puerto Juare,
Playa del Carmen, Mexico




Hotel on Map







Setting:

Beach,
Virtuoso


Ambiance:

Contemporary


Activities & Dining:

Golfing, Tennis, Spa, Gym, Fine Dining, Swimming


Add Hotel to your favorites







Facebook




Twitter






























Check-in:




Check-out:



Rooms:



1

2



Guests:



1

2

3

4



















Review

Amenities

Special Offer

Virtuoso

Users Reviews





Andaz Mayakoba

Resort Riviera Maya
Andaz Mayakoba Resort Riviera Maya, the latest addition to the Mayakoba Resort family, will welcome chic, creative minds and boutique-hotel travelers to Mexico’s Riviera Maya at the end of 2016.
The hotel's main attraction will be savoring the tradition of the Riviera Maya region, focusing on serving local culture to guests with cheerful Mexican hospitality. The resort's inspired design, creative cuisine and uniquely-crafted hotel experiences are all sourced from the neighboring area, aptly satisfying visitors' thirst for exploration. Construction of the Mayakoba Resort complex began with an ecological investigation from a team of biologists, who have contributed to each aspect of the development and improved the eco-system's health.
The design concept of Andaz Mayakoba Resort Riviera Maya by DAS Concepts poetically integrates man and nature within its 213 alluring guestrooms. Each room is adorned with affluent amenities to energize guests, from nature-inspired artisan decor to their open layouts and intuitive construction.
Andaz's crafty eat and drink experts will cater to the most adept of palates at our three original restaurants and bars – choose from locations looking out to the pool, the beach or the stunning lagoon.
The breathtaking El Camaleón golf course within the Mayakoba Resort complex is a crown jewel among Riviera Maya greens. Bordering the Caribbean Sea with its unique lagoon, mangrove and cenote hazards, this 18-hole course designed by renowned architect and PGA legend Greg Norman is as exciting as it is scenic. El Camaleón hosts the final event of the annual PGA tour's calendar year, the OHL Classic at Mayakoba.
The hotel's onsite recreational services also include outdoor pools and a whirlpool, a complete spa with 8 treatment rooms and beauty salon, gymnasium, Yoga studio, lap pool and indoor fitness areas. A 6,458-square-foot (618-square-meter) Ballroom and 5 Studios, along with flexible indoor and outdoor meeting and event spaces were designed to create lasting memories. An event hosted at any our exclusive venues guarantees attentive planning services that will transform professional and social occasions into creative, inspired affairs.
Andaz Mayakoba Resort Riviera Maya
is a member of exclusive Virtuoso travel network. Book online or contact our Virtuoso Travel Advisor
[email protected]
for more details.
To learn more about
Virtuoso
click on the
Virtuoso Tab!







Copier

High speed internet connection

Wireless internet connection

Audio visual equipment

Flip charts

LCD/Projector

Meeting/board rooms

Overhead projector

Whiteboard

Wireless connectivity

Meeting facilities

24-hour front desk

24-hour room service

24-hour security

Air conditioning

ATM/Cash machine

Baby sitting

Cocktail lounge

Concierge desk

Currency exchange

Desk with electrical outlet

Doctor on call

Exercise gym

Express check-out

Family plan

Hairdresser/barber

Accessible facilities

Health club

Housekeeping - daily

Laundry/Valet service

Massage services

Outdoor pool

Parking

Photocopy center

Pool

Room service

Security

Shoe shine stand

Spa

Translation services

Valet cleaning

Dry cleaning

Valet parking

Wakeup service

Bell staff/porter

Beauty shop/salon

Valet same day dry cleaning

Public area air conditioned

Efolio available to company

Individual Efolio available

Complimentary in-room coffee or tea

Front desk

Buffet breakfast

Continental breakfast

Full american breakfast

Lounges/bars

Barber shop

Transportation

Breakfast served in restaurant

Lunch served in restaurant

Dinner served in restaurant

Full service housekeeping

High speed internet access for laptop in public areas

Wireless internet connection in public areas

Transportation services - local area

Parking lot

Children's nursery

Early check-in

Non-smoking rooms (generic)

Late check-out available

Lobby coffee service

Children welcome

Pets allowed

Catering services

Secured parking

Tennis court

Water sports

Child programs

Golf

Hair dryer

Ironing board

Heated guest rooms

Interior corridors

Private bath or shower

Fire safety compliant

Meeting rooms





Virtuoso 3rd Night Free & One-way aiport transfer
What’s Included:
• Upgrade to the next room category on arrival, subject to availability
• $120 USD resort credit per stay which can be used towards professional photo shoot at the resort, hotel transportation or at any of the hotel restaurants.
• Daily breakfast buffet for two, served at Cocina Milagro
• Farewell gift local to the region, such as an artisan craft or sweet treat

• Complimentary Wi-Fi
• Complimentary One-way airport transfer (Airport to Hotel)
Booking Dates:      07/15/2017 – 12/20/2017   (subject to availability)

Please Book online
or contact our
Virtuoso Travel Advisor

[email protected]
for more details.





For 2018, Virtuoso Rate Includes:
• Upgrade to the next room category on arrival, subject to availability
• $120 USD resort credit per stay which can be used towards professional photo shoot at the resort, hotel transportation or at any of the hotel restaurants.
• Daily breakfast buffet for two, served at Cocina Milagro
• Farewell gift local to the region, such as an artisan craft or sweet treat
• Complimentary Wi-Fi
Why Book Virtuoso?
Exclusive rates at luxury properties worldwide VIP amenities for the discerning traveler
How to Book the Virtuoso Rate?
As a member of ClassicTravel.com, be sure to view the gold labeled Virtuoso rates when checking availability at Andaz Mayakoba Resort Riviera Maya. Enjoy the benefits of Virtuoso and booking with ClassicTravel.com!
Book directly online or contact our Virtuoso Travel Advisor
[email protected]
for more details.







Write a review
































Contact Us


Corporate Travel

Security and Privacy

Terms and Conditions


















Don’t just dream of #Paris.  When a hotel becomes your home @hoteldecrillon @ Hôtel de Crillon,…

4TH Night Free in Miami -





Copyright © 2017 Classic Travel Service, Inc.
All rights reserved








