
Fairmont Southampton - Southampton, Bermuda | Classic Travel













Register



Login
















Home


Hotels


ClassicTravel Hotels
Virtuoso Hotels
"Preferred" Plat Hotels
Bellini Club Hotels
More...




Specialty travel


World's Best Safari
Honeymoons
Private Jet World Tour
Vietnam & Cambodia
North Island, N.Z.
Africa
Migration
Turkish Delight
More...




Guides


Lisbon
Berlin
Paris
Istanbul
Madrid
Siem Reap
Shanghai
More...



Blog

Contact Us






















Fairmont Southampton





Other hotels in the area


Back to search Results






Southampton, Bermuda















Previous


Next












Fairmont Southampton



101 South Shore RD,
Southampton, Bermuda




Hotel on Map







Setting:

Beach,
Spa,
Virtuoso


Ambiance:

Classic Luxury


Activities & Dining:

Golfing, Tennis, Spa, Sailing, Fine Dining, Swimming


Add Hotel to your favorites







Facebook




Twitter






























Check-in:




Check-out:



Rooms:



1

2



Guests:



1

2

3

4



















Review

Amenities

Special Offer

Virtuoso

Users Reviews





Fairmont Southampton
With its powdery pink sand beaches and crystal clear waters, its no wonder that there are more hotel rooms in
Southampton
than in any other parish in all of
Bermuda
- but the one that truly stands out in terms of luxury is the
Fairmont Southampton
.
Whether you’re a serious
snorkeler
or an expert
sunbather
, you’ll find the beaches of Southampton to be amongst the worlds finest.  Tear through the waves on a
jet

ski
, explore beautiful
coral reefs
, or just go for a dip in the sparkling
Caribbean water
.  The conditions in Southampton parish are ideal for
kayaking
and
yachting
.  This is the home of the fabled
Bermuda Triangle
, so there are literally hundreds of
shipwrecks
to explore.  You can do this on one of the fantastic
glass-bottom boat tours
, or get an even closer look by
scuba diving
.
Southampton is indeed an aquatic paradise, but there’s still plenty to do on land.  Rent a
moped
or a
scooter
and zip through Bermuda as the Caribbean breeze blows past you.  Or take a trip to the top of the Gibbs
Hill Lighthouse
, where you’ll have a stunning view of the entire island.  Here, you can also partake in the celebrated British tradition of
afternoon tea
in the lighthouse tea room, or enjoy a meal outdoors as the Caribbean sun sets over this gorgeous island.
Golfers
will be thrilled by the absolute bounty of courses that sprawl out over Southampton. Golf in Bermuda is at its best at The Turtle Hill Golf Club at The Fairmont Southampton. Winner of Golf Digest’s “Best Places to Play Golf”, this Bermuda golf resort’s course features 18 challenging par 3 holes, most with stunning views of the Atlantic Ocean. With its lush sub-tropical surroundings, dramatic elevation changes, and strong coastal winds, this challenging 2,684-yard golf course is designed to take your short game to new heights, requiring patience and prudent club selection.
Whether you head out to the Bermuda golf course for tournament play or a friendly game, you'll be delighted with the myriad of bunkers, two water hazards, and three tee offerings on all 18 holes. Ranked one of the top five par 3 courses in the world by Golf Magazine, Turtle Hill is the perfect course for golfers of all skill levels.
While not everybody is a golf enthusiast, everyone will enjoy the luxurious treatment they receive at the
Fairmont Southampton’s Willow Stream Spa
.  The 31,000 square foot spa facility features fifteen treatment rooms, three lounges, an indoor heated pool complete with waterfalls and gardens, a hair and beauty salon, a state of the art fitness center, saunas and steam rooms, and, most fabulously, two Jacuzzis with sundecks that overlook the pristine south shore and the sparkling sea.  Decadent treatments include the
Bermuda Bliss
, where the 144 rotating jets in the hydrotherapy tub give you an invigorating underwater
massage
, or the two-hour long
Sea Splendor Body Oasis
, which includes a eucalyptus foot soak, an invigorating exfoliation based on volcanic sand, a soothing aromatherapy bath, and a wrap of warm aloe mixed with island essences.
Equally lavish are the Fairmont Southampton’s accommodations, which exude the essence of Bermuda with their colorful pastels and flowing seas of turquoise.  All guestrooms provide spectacular views of the ocean, the harbor, or the lush golf courses, and
private balconies
.  The best view in the house is probably from the private L-shaped balcony of the
Penthouse Suites
, which are framed by two elegant limestone Moon gates.  The room is luxuriously appointed with beautiful Bermuda cedar furniture and paneling, and features multiple wet bars, lush carpeting, a fully equipped entertainment room, and floor-to-ceiling French windows.
Enjoy all that this aquatic paradise has to offer by staying at the
Fairmont Southampton
, the premier luxury hotel in Bermuda.
Fairmont Southampton
is a member of exclusive Virtuoso travel network. Book online or contact our Virtuoso Travel Advisor
[email protected]
for more details.
To learn more about
Virtuoso
click on the
Virtuoso Tab!





Babysitting/Child Services

Barber Shop

Jogging Track

24 Hour Room Service

Express Checkout

Mini Bar

No Smoking Rooms/Facilities

Safe Deposit Box

Fitness Center or Spa

Laundry/Valet Services

Meeting/Banquet Facilities

Bathroom Telephone

Cellular Telephone Rental

Golf

Indoor Pool

Tennis

Doctor on Call

Pets Allowed

Fishing

High speed internet access

Nursery for Children

ATM/Cash Machine

Childrens Activities

Massage





Virtuoso 4th Night Free
Receive every 4th night free along with your Virtuoso amenities when booking 4 nights or more
What’s Included:
• Upgrade on arrival, subject to availability
• Daily full breakfast, for up to two in room guests
• $100 USD Equivalent Resort or Hotel credit, to be utilized during stay (not combinable, not valid on room rate, no cash value if not redeemed in full)
• Early check-in/late check-out◦subject to availability
Travel Dates:
05/09/2016 – 04/30/2017  (Subject to availability)
Please Book online
or contact our
Virtuoso Travel Advisor

[email protected]
for more details.

2017 Virtuoso Family Getaway
The Family Getaway Offer is for 2 children under the age of 18 when traveling with their mother & father/family

What's Inlcuded:

• First room on your Virtuoso Rate with full Virtuoso amenities
• Second room for children under 18 will include the following benefits:
• Second Guaranteed Connecting room for children for 50% off for travel May 1-18, 2017 & June 29-August 31, 2017!
• Second Guaranteed Connecting room for children for FREE for travel from Now- April 30, 2017 and September 1, 2017 - December 31, 2017!
• Welcome amenity gift for the kids upon check-in
• Complimentary access to Explorer's Kids Camp (children under 5 must be accompanied by an adult).
• Kids 12 and under eat free from the children's menu in our restaurants*
• Children 18 or under receive 50% off the adult menu in our restaurants*

*Excluding Poolside service, Beach side service, and in-room dining.
e of 18 when traveling with their mother & father/family







For 2017, Virtuoso Rate Includes:
• Upgrade on arrival, subject to availability
• Daily full breakfast, for up to two in room guests
• $100 USD Equivalent Resort or Hotel credit, to be utilized during stay (not combinable, not valid on room rate, no cash value if not redeemed in full)
• Complimentary WiFi
• Early check-in/late check-out, subject to availability

Why Book Virtuoso?
Exclusive rates at luxury properties worldwide VIP amenities for the discerning traveler
How to Book the Virtuoso Rate?
As a member of ClassicTravel.com, be sure to view the gold labeled Virtuoso rates when checking availability at Fairmont Southampton.
Enjoy the benefits of Virtuoso and booking with ClassicTravel.com!
Book directly online
or contact our
Virtuoso Travel Advisor
[email protected]
for more details.





Write a review
































Contact Us


Corporate Travel

Security and Privacy

Terms and Conditions


















Don’t just dream of #Paris.  When a hotel becomes your home @hoteldecrillon @ Hôtel de Crillon,…

4TH Night Free in Miami -





Copyright © 2017 Classic Travel Service, Inc.
All rights reserved








