
Hotel Café Royal - London, United Kingdom | Classic Travel













Register



Login
















Home


Hotels


ClassicTravel Hotels
Virtuoso Hotels
"Preferred" Plat Hotels
Bellini Club Hotels
More...




Specialty travel


World's Best Safari
Honeymoons
Private Jet World Tour
Vietnam & Cambodia
North Island, N.Z.
Africa
Migration
Turkish Delight
More...




Guides


Lisbon
Berlin
Paris
Istanbul
Madrid
Siem Reap
Shanghai
More...



Blog

Contact Us






















Hotel Café Royal





Other hotels in the area


Back to search Results






London, United Kingdom















Previous


Next












Hotel Café Royal



68 Regent Street,
London, United Kingdom




Hotel on Map







Setting:

City,
ClassicTravel


Ambiance:

Contemporary


Activities & Dining:

Spa, Gym, Fine Dining, Swimming


Add Hotel to your favorites





What's in
London
now?








Facebook




Twitter






























Check-in:




Check-out:



Rooms:



1

2



Guests:



1

2

3

4



















Review

Amenities

Special Offer

ClassicTravel

Users Reviews





Hotel Café Royal
Previously the haunt of famed patrons, from royalty and celebrity, to the creative and the notorious, Hotel Café Royal, London has been an established and iconic landmark on the British capital’s social scene for over a century. In its recent reincarnation as a luxury hotel, Hotel Café Royal remains an established favourite for locals, while becoming a global destination. Located in the heart of London, with elegant Mayfair to the west and creative Soho to the east, the hotel is perfectly positioned within walking distance of London’s finest shopping, restaurants and cultural attractions.
Paying homage to the illustrious history of the building, the grand, original historic areas dating back to the 1860s and 1920s have been sensitively restored, whilst the 160 spacious guestrooms and suites, including 49 suites and seven incredible signature suites, have been created in a contemporary yet refined style, led by David Chipperfield Architects. Designed to feel like luxurious private apartments, the guestrooms and suites at Hotel Café Royal are some of the largest in London. Contemporary yet serene, and designed with meticulous detail, the rooms feature rusticated Portland stone or fumed English Oak panels and beautiful bathrooms created in the hotel’s sleek, signature Carrara marble. All rooms feature luxurious Frette bed linen, a fully stocked butler’s pantry and British bathroom amenities from Floris. A butler, host and exceptional concierge team are available to ensure a seamless stay, both inside the hotel and within London.
Hotel Café Royal offers a selection of restaurants and bars including The Oscar Wilde Bar (formerly the iconic Grill Room, established 1865) which has been exquisitely restored to its original Louis XVI décor and is now the place to enjoy Afternoon Tea. The Café, on Regent Street, revives the European tradition of café culture and hosts London’s first dessert restaurant. In addition the Ten Room offers British informal all-day dining while the Green Bar Botanicals and Tonics is the perfect place to relax and unwind with a cocktail. To complete the full experience, the Akasha Holistic Wellbeing Centre is an urban retreat spanning over 1,200sqm.
Offering a new concept and approach to holistic wellbeing it is a hidden sanctuary deep underneath the bustle of Regent Street, featuring a state-of-the-art-gym, large lap pool, Watsu pool, sauna and private Hammam.


Please Book special Classic Travel Rate online
or contact our
Travel Advisor

[email protected]
for more details.






Internet access

Concierge desk

Room service

Safe deposit box

Sauna

Security

Spa

Steam bath

Wakeup service

Front desk

Lounges/bars

Business services

Meeting rooms





Complimentary 4th Night
The fourth night will be adjusted upon check out.
Stay another night with Hotel Café Royal - book and enjoy a fourth night for stays in Grand Deluxe guestrooms and above. Rates are reflected as an average.
What’s Included:
• $100 property credit per room per stay
• English breakfast for up to two
• Complimentary upgrade upon arrival (subject to availability)
• Early/Late check-out (subject to availability)
• One-way airport transfer on Junior Suites, or return transfer on Grand Junior Suites and above
• Cancellation policy 24 hours in advance
Travel Dates:       07/01/2017 – 12/31/2017 (Subject to availability)
Please Book online
or contact our
Virtuoso Travel Advisor

[email protected]
for more details.




Classic Travel Rate Includes:

•  $100 credit per stay, per room
• English breakfast
• Upgrade on arrival, subject to availability
• Early Check - in /Late check-out, subject to availability
• One-way airport transfer on Junior Suits, and return transfer on Grand Junior Suites and above
• Welcome amenity
• Complimentary Wi-Fi
Please Book special
Classic Travel Rate
online or contact our
Travel Advisor

[email protected]
for more details.







Write a review
































Contact Us


Corporate Travel

Security and Privacy

Terms and Conditions


















Don’t just dream of #Paris.  When a hotel becomes your home @hoteldecrillon @ Hôtel de Crillon,…

4TH Night Free in Miami -





Copyright © 2017 Classic Travel Service, Inc.
All rights reserved








