
North Island, N.Z. - Specialty Travel Itineraries













Register



Login
















Home


Hotels


ClassicTravel Hotels
Virtuoso Hotels
"Preferred" Plat Hotels
Bellini Club Hotels
More...




Specialty travel


World's Best Safari
Honeymoons
Private Jet World Tour
Vietnam & Cambodia
North Island, N.Z.
Africa
Migration
Turkish Delight
More...




Guides


Lisbon
Berlin
Paris
Istanbul
Madrid
Siem Reap
Shanghai
More...



Blog

Contact Us











Home
>

Specialty Travel
>

Experiences





New Zealand

Seasonz for classictravel.com



Tweet
















At A Glance


New Zealand is comprised of two islands, North and South.  This one of a kind exclusive travel experience focuses on the North Island which enjoys a subtropical climate and a diverse spectacular landscape from the rolling farmland of Waikato to the rugged ranges of the Coromandel.  It is luxury New Zealand holiday experience in every way.  Private helicopter transfers and sightseeing is included as well as the absolutely best accommodations at two of New Zealand’s premier resorts,
Kauri Cliffs Lodge
and
The Farm at Cape Kidnappers
.  Kauri Cliffs Lodge sits on a spectacular golf course with commanding views of the Pacific Ocean. There are three fabulous beaches to enjoy, one a breathtaking pink shell beach.  The Farm at Cape Kidnappers is located in Hawke’s Bay, one of New Zealand’s most important and loveliest wine districts. Cape Kidnappers is actually a 5,000 acre working sheep and cattle farm which rolls along cliffs that plunge dramatically to the sea.   We invite you to further peruse this amazing experience that we have designed with our New Zealand partner hotels and Seasonz Travel of New Zealand.



Book


Got a question? Call us
1.888.212.6444








Info

Detailed Itinerary




Itinerary


USD17,800.00 per person


DAY 1
Arrive Auckland, New Zealand. Met by Seasonz Travel Representative. Private helicopter transfer to Bay of Islands,
Kauri Cliffs Lodge
. Afternoon relaxing and time to enjoy a spa treatment before Pre-Dinner Cocktails and Dinner.
DAY 2
After breakfast enjoy a private boat cruise through the spectacular and beautiful Bay of Islands. Stop at the Waitangi Treaty gounds, the birth place of New Zealand as a nation in 1840. Lunch will be served in a sheltered cove.  Return in time to enjoy Pre-Dinner cocktails and Dinner.
DAY 3
After breakfast you will enjoy a private scenic helicopter flight over the Northland - Whangaroa and Rangaunu Harbours.  Stop at a secluded beach and enjoy a gourmet picnic lunch accompanied by some of New Zealand's best local wine. Return in time for Pre-Dinner cocktails and Dinner.
DAY 4
After Breakfast transfer to airport for flight to Napier in Hawke's Bay.  Local Seasonz Travel Representative will meet and give an orientation of the area before having lunch at one of the local wineries.  After lunch continue to
The Farm at Cape Kidnappers
.  Balance of afternoon to relax before Pre-Dinner cocktails and Dinner.
DAY 5
After breakfast you will enjoy a full day touring this amazing area in a 4 wheel drive vehicle.  The highlight of the day will be to experience Fly-fishing at its best. This is the ultimate whether you are a novice or experienced angler. Lunch will be served. You will return in time to relax  and prepare for Pre-Dinner cocktails and Dinner.
DAY 6
After breakfast you will embark on a unique wine tour with lunch.  Hawke's Bay - Behind the Label Tour.  A unique personnel encounter  with the wine and people of this amazing wine region.
Return in time to enjoy the balance of the afternoon and prepare for Pre-Dinner cocktails and Dinner.
DAY 7
After breakfast and a leisurely morning you will be escorted to the airport for your flight to Auckland.

What’s Included:
All meals as noted in itinerary
Pre-dinner cocktails
All private transfers (including helicopter)
Full day private helicopter tour
Spa treatment on first day
All other private tours as noted in itinerary
Inter New Zealand flight is additional


Book






Tweet








Detailed Itinerary

DAY 1
Arrive Auckland, New Zealand.
You will be met by your Seasonz Representative, and transferred by private vehicle to an awaiting helicopter for your transfer to
Kauri Cliffs Lodge
, a scenic one hour flight up the East Coast of Northland.
Before lift off, your Seasonz guide will go over your itinerary with you and answer any questions you may have.
Upon arrival at Kauri Cliffs Lodge you will be met by your local Seasonz guide and escorted to your suite at the lodge.

Classed as the only subtropical area of New Zealand, the Bay of Islands is at the top of the North Island.  There are 144 islands in the area, which provide calm sailing, swimming and fishing waters.  There are sandy, golden beaches, native forests and historical attractions - the best known being Waitangi grounds where the indigenous Maori chiefs signed the Treaty of Waigangi with the English settlers back in 1840 - this document joined the two peoples together as a nation.

The remainder of the day is at your leisure to settle into the Lodge and its wonderful surroundings. Take time to relax at the Kauri Cliffs Spa and enjoy a treatment of your choice. For pure indulgence the Spa is a haven for unprecedented relaxation.  Treatments include Massage, Reflexology, Personalized Yoga Sessions, Manicures, Pedicures and Facials.

Pre-Dinner Cocktails and Dinner.

DAY 2
After breakfast enjoy a private boat cruise through the spectacularly beautiful Bay of Islands.  The bay of islands are a grouping of islands boasting some of the most scenic vistas in all of New Zealand.  You'll travel by private vehicle to Doves Bay, where you will board your private motor launch.  It is fast and nimble enough to explore the bay with ease yet has the comfort safety and ambiance to provide an exceptional day afloat.  Guided by a professional and knowledgeable crew you will enjoy beach combing and lunch served in a sheltered cove.
As you cruise the stunning harbour you will also become aware of the significance of the Maori and maritime history in the area. You will stop at the Waitangi Treaty grounds which is the location of the signing of hte treaty of Waitangi and the birth place of New Zealand as a nation.  It was here on February 6, 1840, that the Treaty of Waitangi was signed between the Maori and the British Crown.
Pre-Dinner cocktails and Dinner.

DAY 3
After breakfast enjoy a private scenic helicopter flight over the Northland - Whangaroa and Rangaunu Harbours.  You will see beautiful beaches including the famous Ninety Mile Beach and also Cape Reinga, Topotupotu and the Te Paki stream with its giant sand dunes.  Your pilot will stop at a secluded beach where you will enjoy a gourmet picnic lunch accompanied by some of New Zealand's best local wine.  Your return flight to the Bay of Islands includes spectacular scenery such as the Parengarenga Harbour and Great Exhibition Bay, which are only visible by air or sea.  The area is remote and with its pure white Silica sand and crystal clear waters it is without doubt one of the most beautiful places in New Zealand.

Pre-Dinner cocktails and Dinner.

DAY 4
After breakfast you will be met at the lodge by your local Seasonz guide and transferred to the Kerikeri Airport by private vehicle for your scheduled flight to Napier in the Hawke's Bay region.

Upon arrival into Hawke's Bay you will be met by your local Seasonz guide to enjoy an orientation tour of the area including lunch at one of the favorite wineries.  Afterwards you will be transferred to your King Ridge Suite at
The Farm at Cape Kidnappers.

Hawke's Bay Wine Country presents an eclectic mix of visual and sensual experiences.  The region is New Zealand's leading producer of red wines, has the greatest concentration of Art Deco architecture and hosts the country's most elaborate celebrations of Matariki - the Maori New Year.  As if that weren't enough, Hawke's Bay is also known for its artisan gourmet foods and glorious beaches that stretch from Mahia Peninsula in the north to Porangahau in the south.

Pre-Dinner cocktails and Dinner.

DAY 5
After breakfast you will enjoy a full day touring this amazing area in a 4 wheel drive vehicle.  The highlight of the day will be to experience Fly-fishing at its best. This is the ultimate whether you are a novice or experienced fisherman. With over 30 rivers and streams, stocked with brown and rainbow trout, Hawke's Bay is one of the most under-rated fishing areas in the North Island of New Zealand and perhaps the world.  Whether you are a complete beginner or an experienced angler, there is an opportunity for challenge and success in the many kilometers of  uncrowned waters.

Pre-Dinner cocktails and Dinner.

DAY 6
After breakfast you will embark on a unique wine tour with lunch.  Hawke's Bay - Behind the Label Tour, a unique personal encounter with the wine and people of this amazing wine region. You will explore this areas unique wine making process from 'grape to glass'.  Your guide will walk you through the vineyards pointing out for your discovery the varieties that you will sample.

The tour also incorporates a drive up to Te Mata Peak where you will be amazed by the magnificent views.  A day for wine and culture lovers not to be missed!  Enjoy lunch at Te Awa Winery.  which is committed  to providing guests with a genuinely outstanding New Zealand wine and food experience, based around local Hawke’s Bay produce in a uniquely New Zealand environment.

Pre-Dinner cocktails and Dinner.

DAY 7
After breakfast and a leisurely morning you will be escorted to the airport for your flight to Auckland.








Specialty Travel


Safaris


Africa
Migration
South Africa Adventure
South African Luxury Hotels
Tanzania
World's Best Safari
Four Seasons' Safari & Sand


Destination Weddings and Honeymoons


Honeymoons
Thailand Honeymoon
French Polynesia Honeymoon
Italy Honeymoon
Aspen Weddings
Peru & Brazil
Caribbean
Australia/New Zealand
Moroccan Adventure
Hawaii Honeymoon
Honeymoon in Turkey
Greek Honeymoon
Chile Honeymoon
Babymoon in Style
Cruising in Tahiti
Iceland Honeymoon
Tanzania and Zanzibar
Argentina Adventure
Romantic France
Vietnam and Cambodia Honeymoon
Dubai & Maldives Honeymoon


Ancient Worlds


Egypt and Jordan
China
Unmissable Peru
Kohima Camp, Nagaland


Celebrity Picks


Mario Batali
Eric Ripert
Gray Kunz
Jeff Bland
Daniel Boulud
Mark Ingram


Experiences


Turkish Delight
North Island, N.Z.
Vietnam & Cambodia
Ice Hotel Experience
Galapagos
Private Jet World Tour
Journey to Japan
Gay History for Gay Travelers
Discover Oman
Aspen Gay Ski Week 2018
Elephant Conservation Tour
Incredible Ireland
A Journey Through Myanmar
Cuba - History & Culture
Sri Lanka
Villes & Villages Tour

















Contact Us


Corporate Travel

Security and Privacy

Terms and Conditions


















Don’t just dream of #Paris.  When a hotel becomes your home @hoteldecrillon @ Hôtel de Crillon,…

4TH Night Free in Miami -





Copyright © 2017 Classic Travel Service, Inc.
All rights reserved








