
Borgo Egnazia - Puglia, Italy | Classic Travel













Register



Login
















Home


Hotels


ClassicTravel Hotels
Virtuoso Hotels
"Preferred" Plat Hotels
Bellini Club Hotels
More...




Specialty travel


World's Best Safari
Honeymoons
Private Jet World Tour
Vietnam & Cambodia
North Island, N.Z.
Africa
Migration
Turkish Delight
More...




Guides


Lisbon
Berlin
Paris
Istanbul
Madrid
Siem Reap
Shanghai
More...



Blog

Contact Us






















Borgo Egnazia





Other hotels in the area


Back to search Results






Puglia, Italy















Previous


Next












Borgo Egnazia



Contrada Masciola,
Puglia, Italy




Hotel on Map







Setting:

Countryside,
Beach,
Virtuoso


Ambiance:

Classic Luxury


Activities & Dining:

Spa, Fine Dining, Swimming


Add Hotel to your favorites







Facebook




Twitter






























Check-in:




Check-out:



Rooms:



1

2



Guests:



1

2

3

4



















Review

Amenities

Virtuoso

Users Reviews





Borgo Egnazia
Borgo Egnazia is far from a resort, it represents rather a new concept of hospitality. Its creation was inspired by the beautiful Apulian land where it was born, a striking architectural force that reveals the magic of Puglia with contemporary and unique style. The Melpignano family has a vision: combining Puglia with luxury, refined hospitality, cultural richness and elite tourism. It all started in 1996 with Masseria San Domenico, originally the family’s private vacation home and later-- following a careful interpretation of the living spaces, “La Masseria” (The Masseria), a 5L-Leading Hotels of the World and the model of Apulian luxury hospitality.
Borgo Egnazia was built entirely of tufo, a local type of limestone and cut by the skilled hands of tufo masters. The architect and set designer Pino Brescia was inspired by Puglia’s farms and rural villages, from nature, and from simplicity. The stately construction is a harmonious blend of tradition and innovation, modernity and authenticity, mightiness and simplicity.
Apulian gastronomy is recognized all over the world for its Mediterranean nature and variety. Every restaurant at Borgo Egnazia guarantees the highest quality in food and service, along with different sceneries and atmospheres guaranteed to satisfy every type of taste and need. Our Executive Chef and his team create different menus using typical regional products and following the philosophy of the Mediterranean Diet.
San Domenico Golf is an 18-holes championship course facing the sea located between the ancient archeological city of Egnathia and the Savelletri Marina. The path winds along the rocky edges of the Adriatic Sea and the vegetable fields and olive groves. One of a kind.
Borgo Egnazia offers a unique and privileged type of hospitality, tailormade to every possible need. Our goal is to offer activities that will become unforgettable experiences for all of our guests. 2 private beaches: Cala Masciola, which houses BE’s Nautical Center (10 minutes by foot) and La Fonte (5 minutes by car), ideal for families. BE offers: 3 large outdoor pools (1 heated outdoor pool), 1 heated indoor pool, 4 tennis courts; swimming, cooking and ceramics lessons, Water Sports center, Boutique, Game room and Reading room.
Borgo Egnazia is dedicated to the concept of a “vacation for the wholefamily” and was awarded the “Best Family Hotel” award by the English lifestyle magazine Tatler. Parents focus on relaxing and participating in the various activities while their children will discover their haven of fun.
A different type of Spa. The team of spa specialists at Borgo Egnazia created a surprising experimental spa where every detail, treatment and movement tells the story of Puglia and Southern Italy. All products, foods, objects, music and even the personnel are strictly Made in Italy.
Discovering Puglia is the beginning of an adventure that makes you love this region deeply. Thanks to its mild climate, Puglia can be visited all year round. Fall and winter, which are not particularly severe, always guarantee a vast choice of products from the earth and offer unique and exclusive vistas, village festivals, ancient exhibits and seasonal traditions. During spring and summer, the region blossoms and intensely lives feasts, shows, and celebrations on the beach.
For lovers of local enogastronomy, the town of Ceglie is full of prizewinning restaurants, Cisternino offers ‘must-taste’ brasseries, Torre Guaceto is renowned for its fiaschetto (flask-shaped) tomatoes and Altamura for its DOP bread; in terms of cultural and landscape gems, Puglia also houses Andria’s Swabian Castle – hunting home of Frederick II --, Alberobello’s trulli (Unesco World Heritage), Fasano’s flatlands’ ancient olive groves, and Mount Sant’Angelo, one of the oldest Michaelic cult sites (Unesco World Heritage). Furthermore, the Baroque of Lecce, the measured elegance of Otranto (the easternmost city on the Italian peninsula), the cummerse of Locorotondo and the overlooking views of the sea at Polignano, which offer truly unique panoramas.

Borgo Egnazia
is a member of exclusive Virtuoso travel network. Book online or contact our Virtuoso Travel Advisor
[email protected]
for more details.
To learn more about
Virtuoso
click on the
Virtuoso Tab!







Computer

Internet access

Concierge desk

Outdoor pool

Restaurant

Room service

Safe deposit box

Security

Spa

Valet parking

Wakeup service

Front desk

Lounges/bars

Business services

Meeting rooms





For 2018, Virtuoso Rate Includes:

• Upgrade on arrival, subject to availability
• Buffet breakfast daily
• $100 USD equivalent Spa Services credit to be utilized during stay (not combinable, no cash value if not redeemed in full)
• Welcome VIP for 2
• Early check-in/late check-out, subject to availability
• Complimentary Wi-Fi
Why Book Virtuoso?

Exclusive rates at luxury properties worldwide VIP amenities for the discerning traveler

How to Book the Virtuoso Rate?

As a member of ClassicTravel.com, be sure to view the gold labeled Virtuoso rates when checking availability at Borgo Egnazia. Enjoy the benefits of Virtuoso and booking with ClassicTravel.com!
Book directly online
or contact our
Virtuoso Travel Advisor

[email protected]
for more details.





Write a review
































Contact Us


Corporate Travel

Security and Privacy

Terms and Conditions


















Don’t just dream of #Paris.  When a hotel becomes your home @hoteldecrillon @ Hôtel de Crillon,…

4TH Night Free in Miami -





Copyright © 2017 Classic Travel Service, Inc.
All rights reserved








