
Terms and Privacy Policy






































Home

Personal Trip Planner

Destinations

Activities

Styles

Travel Deals

Coupon

Trip Finder

Filter Trips

PERSONAL TRAVEL PLANNER

Blog

Weekly Top Ten

Request A Brochure

Why Book With Us

Register


Login








×

















×
















Book unforgettable trips at the best prices, risk free.












Get
                                                            access to the world's largest selection of tours and activities.
                                                            Membership is free.



First Name




Last Name




Email




Password




Confirm Password




Your email or password are incorrect. Please try again.




Receive special offers



Receive AdventureLink's weekly newsletter








Register











Already registered?
Login



By signing up you agree to AdventureLink
terms of membership.










Registration Done!

Where would you like to go next?

Home

Travel Deals













































.







































OUR SUGGESTIONS




































































Near By













Cycling










Sightseeing










Wildlife



























My Account













Login








My Trips







1

Messages








Settings

























Contact Us











AdventureLink Travel Inc.
2400 Lincoln Ave
Altadena, California
91001
USA





Tel: 877.691.4488(USA)
Tel: +1.626.539.7506 (Int'l)
Fax: +1.626.296.6301
Skype: support.adventurelink.com
Email: support@adventurelink.com





Follow Us
















(877) 691-4488





































TERMS OF USE


This agreement constitutes the full Terms and Conditions as set forth by AdventureLink Travel Inc “AdventureLink”, participating travel agent and you the “Customer”. AdventureLink Travel Inc. reserves the right to amend these Terms and Conditions from time to time without notice. Your continued use of this site constitutes acceptance of any amendments, additions, or modifications to this agreement.

IT IS IMPORTANT THAT YOU CAREFULLY READ THE TERMS OF CONDITIONS RELATED TO USING THIS SITE AND BOOKING WITH ADVENTURELINK. IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS, PLEASE CONTACT CUSTOMER SERICE AT: (626) 296-6234 OR BY EMAIL
support@adventurelink.com
.

Reservations, Deposits and Final Payments

You will be notified of the Tour Operator’s deposit and cancellation conditions. Most operators require an initial deposit of twenty percent (20%) at the time of booking in order to process your booking request. The initial deposit amount can change from tour operator to tour operator and is dependent on the particular trip you are booking. Your credit card will only be charged if and when the tour operator confirms availability. One hundred percent (100%) is due at the time of booking if you reservation request is submitted within 60 days of departure and may change from time to time depending on the deposit and final payment policy of each tour operator represented by AdventureLink. BOOKING CONFIRMATIONS, AVAILABILITY AND CUSTOMER NOTIFICATION All bookings made on AdventureLink or via AdventureLink’s affiliate travel agent network are on a request basis and are subject to final confirmation by the tour operator. AdventureLink will automatically notify you by email in the event that your booking request has been confirmed with the tour operator. Your credit card will not be charged until confirmation has been received from the tour operator. If you booking cannot be confirmed then The AdventureLink customer support department or your travel agent will notify you.

Tour Operator Price Changes and Itinerary Adjustments

AdventureLink makes best efforts to certify that the information provided by Tour Operators is accurate however, accurate pricing and availability is the sole responsibility of each tour operator participating on AdventureLink. Furthermore, each itinerary booked on AdventureLink is subject to price and itinerary modifications as indicated by the tour operator. This may include incidental and other “add-on” costs that the tour operator will collect from you while you are on the trip. Add-on costs are for unforeseen logistics or other associated equipment required by the tour operator for your trip that may be needed from time to time.

Tour Operator Cancelation Policy

Each trip booked with AdventureLink is subject to the specific cancellation policy of the Tour Operator and associated trip.

Merchant Credit Card Processing

AdventureLink is represented as the merchant processor for all reservations made via adventurelink.com, travel agents and AdventureLink Web Affiliate partners. AdventureLink makes all reasonable efforts to ensure that all credit card and debit card transactions are secure. However, AdventureLink will not be responsible for any unauthorized charges appearing on your credit card or debit card statements for any card used on this site during or after you make a reservation.CUSTOMER, TOUR OPERATOR PARTICIPATION REQUIREMENTS Your participation on a tour represented by AdventureLink is subject to the full terms and conditions of the tour operator. Upon completion of the booking, you will be required to review and agree to the Terms and Conditions of the individual tour operator. Specific Terms and Conditions as stipulated by the tour operator may or may not include, age, health, weight, dietary and other restrictions associated with the trips represented by each participating tour operator.

Passports, Insurance, Visas and Vaccination Requirements

If traveling internationally, you are required to hold a valid passport, maintain appropriate insurance and obtain all necessary vaccinations and visas for the country or countries you are traveling to.

Responsibility - An Important Notice!

here is risk associated with participating in adventure tours and as a consequence AdventureLink AdventureLink’s affiliate travel agents, Web Affiliates and tour operators assume no responsibility however caused for injury, loss or damage to a person or property in connection with any service booked via AdventureLink, including but not limited to that resulted directly or indirectly from acts of God, detention, annoyance, delays and expenses arising from quarantine, strikes, theft, pilferage, force majeure, failure of any means of conveyance to arrive or depart as scheduled, civil disturbances, government restrictions or regulations, or discrepancies or change in transit over which it has no control.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND EXCLUSION OF WARRANTY YOU ACKNOWLEDGE, BY YOUR USE OF THIS SITE, THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE, INCLUDING ANY SOFTWARE, CONTENT OR OTHER MATERIALS ON THE SITE, AND ANY RELIANCE UPON IT, AS AT YOUR OWN RISK

TOUR OPERATOR INFORMATION, ITINERARIES, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PUBLISHED ON THIS WEB SITE MAY INLCUDE INACCURACIES. IT IS THE RESPONSBILITY OF EACH PARTICIPATING TOUR OPERATOR TO MAINTAIN THE ACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION REPRESENTED ON THIS WEB SITE. ADVENTURELINK MAKES NO REPRESENTATION AS TO THE ACCURACY OF THIS INFORMATION AND RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CHANGE THIS INFORMATION PERIODICALLY.

ALL SUCH INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. ADVENTURELINK, INC., TRAVEL AGENTS, WEB AFFILIATES, AND/OR THEIR RESPECTIVE TOUR OPERATORS HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO THIS INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL ADVENTURELINK, ITS WEB AFFILIATES, AND/OR TOUR OPERATORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF THIS WEB SITE OR WITH THE DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THIS WEB SITE, OR FOR ANY INFORMATION, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES OBTAINED THROUGH THIS WEB SITE, OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS WEB SITE, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF ADVENTURELINK, ITS AFFILIATES OR ANY OF THEIR TOUR OPERATORS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES.

Customer Site Use and Account Information

Use of this site is subject to these Terms and Conditions and AdventureLink grants to you a personal, limited, revocable, non-exclusive and non-transferable license to use the site. You may not remove or modify any notice of confidentiality, trade secret, trademarked or copyright encoded or embodies in the site or any product, service, content or material downloaded from the site or displayed by, on, or in the site. You may use the site only to make legitimate inquiries, reservation and/or purchases and you shall not use the site for any other purposes, including, but not limited to making any fraudulent, false or speculative reservations or any reservation in anticipation of demand. The site and any and all content provided therein may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed without the prior written consent of AdventureLink, and/or its content providers. AdventureLink reserves the right to suspend or terminate your account and/or use of the site and remove and discard any content or information at any time, without notice, for any reason, including but not limited to, (A) any breach of the Terms and Conditions, (B) Conduct that AdventureLink believes is harmful to other users of the site or the business.

Travel Agent Affiliates

Travel agents affiliated with AdventureLink act as independent contractors and are not direct employees of the company. For this reason, AdventureLink cannot ensure the quality of experience or care you receive from any of the travel agents affiliated with the company.

Indemnification

You shall defend and indemnify AdventureLink and any third party providers and distributors and their officers, directors, employees and agents from and against any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of the site, your connection to the site, your violation of the Terms and Conditions, or your violation of any rights of another.

Governing Law and Arbitration

You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or relate to the use of this site or the Conditions and Terms and set forth in this agreement must be brought, if at all, within one (1) year from the accrual of the claim or cause of action or be forever barred. The parties agree that this Terms and Conditions Agreement and any claims hereunder shall be governed by and subject to the laws of the State of California and the County of Los Angeles. Any dispute concerning, relation or referring to these Terms and Conditions, to any literature concerning a trip represented on this site, or a trip booked on this site, shall be resolved exclusively by binding arbitration in Los Angeles County, California in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association. Such proceedings will be governed by substantive California law without regard to the California Arbitration Act.

Privacy Policy

You have read the AdventureLink Privacy Policy, the terms of which are incorporate Herein by reference. You understand that through your use of the site you consent to the collection and use of certain personal information by AdventureLink and its’ agents and Web Affiliates pursuant to the terms of the privacy policy.

Copyright and Trademark Notices

All contents of this Web site are copyrighted by AdventureLink, 2400 North Lincoln Ave. Altadena, CA, 91001, USA. All rights reserved unless otherwise specified.

Entire Agreement

This agreement constitutes the full Terms and Conditions agreed to by you the Customer and AdventureLink

Website Visitors

Like most website operators, AdventureLink Travel Inc. (“AdventureLink”) collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. AdventureLink’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how AdventureLink’s visitors use its website. From time to time, AdventureLink may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.

AdventureLink also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. AdventureLink does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.

Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information

Certain visitors to AdventureLink’s websites choose to interact with AdventureLink in ways that require AdventureLink to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that AdventureLink gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who use our services to provide a username and email address. In each case, AdventureLink collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the service. When you register for AdventureLink we ask for information such as your name, company name, email address, billing address, credit card information. AdventureLink uses collected information for the following general purposes: products and services provision, billing, identification and authentication, services improvement, contact, and research. AdventureLink does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.

Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information

AdventureLink discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors, and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on AdventureLink’s behalf or to provide services available at AdventureLink’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using AdventureLink’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. AdventureLink will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors, and affiliated organizations, as described above, AdventureLink discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when AdventureLink believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of AdventureLink, third parties, or the public at large. If you are a registered user of a AdventureLink website and have supplied your email address, AdventureLink may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with AdventureLink and our products. We primarily use our blog to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. AdventureLink takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.

Cookies

A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. AdventureLink uses cookies to help AdventureLink identify and track visitors, their usage of AdventureLink website, and their website access preferences. AdventureLink visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using AdventureLink’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of AdventureLink’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.













Location Settings


English

2

3

4

5



USD

2

3

4

5






Company


About

News

Press Room

Blog

Careers

Testimonials

Terms & Privacy






Support


Contact Us

Support Portal

Talk to an Expert

Why Book With Us?

Request a Brochure

FAQ






Partners


List Your Trips

Operator Portal

Affiliate Program

XTours - SaaS platform

Affilate API

Travel Agents

Agent Login

Travel Bloggers


























© 2016 AdventureLink, Inc.™ All Rights Reserved

Member of Adventure Trade Travel Association

California Seller of Travel #2088061-40







© AdventureLink Travel Inc.

















The ‘new’ AdventureLink website is currently in BETA.

We recognize that there are aspects of the site that might need further fine tuning, and we’re asking for your help.  
								Please help us build a better site, and to show our appreciation we’ll offer a limited time reward.

Who Can Join the Beta Program?

Anyone can join this public beta program, however it is
limited to the first 100 travelers
who sign up.  
								When you join, you will be able to test drive the website until August 07, 2016.  
								We ask that you use AdventureLink as you normally would, but submit a report when you encounter a bug or other issue to
support@adventurelink.com
Please join us and let us know what you think.

What are the ‘special’ rewards you’ll get?

Apart from getting to peek into the next generation of OneClick Trips, you can save 10% off your bookings. 
								OneClick Trips are bookable trip packages with set itineraries.  Trips carefully crafted to take the hassle out of planning your vacation.
								These trips are perfect if you’re looking to dig deeper into a destination through incredible experiences - but also want an effortless, 
								one stop shopping experience.  So go on and explore these immersive itineraries and plan your next dream vacation and get
10% Off all 
								trips by using the code: PR825538103 Through August 07, 2016



Continue

















×
















Travel Agent Login













Email




Password




Your email or password are incorrect. Please try again.








Login























×
















Login To Your Account













Email




Password




Your email or password are incorrect. Please try again.








Login









or










Login with Facebook












Forgot password?
Click Here



Don't have an account?
Register here





















