
Frequently Asked Questions






































Home

Personal Trip Planner

Destinations

Activities

Styles

Travel Deals

Coupon

Trip Finder

Filter Trips

PERSONAL TRAVEL PLANNER

Blog

Weekly Top Ten

Request A Brochure

Why Book With Us

Register


Login








×

















×
















Book unforgettable trips at the best prices, risk free.












Get
                                                            access to the world's largest selection of tours and activities.
                                                            Membership is free.



First Name




Last Name




Email




Password




Confirm Password




Your email or password are incorrect. Please try again.




Receive special offers



Receive AdventureLink's weekly newsletter








Register











Already registered?
Login



By signing up you agree to AdventureLink
terms of membership.










Registration Done!

Where would you like to go next?

Home

Travel Deals













































.







































OUR SUGGESTIONS




































































Near By













Cycling










Sightseeing










Wildlife



























My Account













Login








My Trips







1

Messages








Settings

























Contact Us











AdventureLink Travel Inc.
2400 Lincoln Ave
Altadena, California
91001
USA





Tel: 877.691.4488(USA)
Tel: +1.626.539.7506 (Int'l)
Fax: +1.626.296.6301
Skype: support.adventurelink.com
Email: support@adventurelink.com





Follow Us
















(877) 691-4488





































FAQ

What is adventure travel?

Adventure travel means different things
                                to different people and is as varied as the personalities that seek it.
                                At AdventureLink, we view “adventure” as anything experiential whether
                                you’re seeking a meaningful cultural exchange; an opportunity to improve
                                your skills, your health or wellbeing; the chance to participate in an
                                activity that will get your heart pumping; or simply to learn something
                                new and broaden your horizons. To us, adventure travel encompasses all
                                of the above. It's all about experiences–unique, exciting, educational,
                                meaningful, and quite possibly, life-changing.

What is a username?

When logging into your Tour Operator
                                Account you will be asked to enter your username and password.  Your
                                username is the same as the login that you created when registering.

How do I create a new user account?

To add a new user, simply click Create
                                Login under Users on the Dashboard.  Additional users will be provided
                                with access to your Account and have the ability to change and update
                                information.

What are the criteria/requirements for making a trip 'Active'?

There are 7 criteria for making a trip
                                'Active' and open to bookings.  They include, trip name, brief and full
                                descriptions, language, currency, rates, and departure dates.  Finally,
                                you must return to the Dashboard and click 'Disabled' next to the name
                                of the trip you wish to activate.  Your trip Status should switch to
                                'Active'.

How will I be notified about bookings?


AdventureLink will notify you about
                                bookings via email, using the contact you provided, and also through our
                                message board application, found on the Dashboard of your Tour Operator
                                Account.  Check our message board frequently in the event that your
                                email fails or has not been updated.


When will I get paid?

You’ll be paid 48 hours after the tour
                                arrangements are complete. AdventureLink holds all customer deposits and
                                final payments in a trust account until then. This policy enables
                                customers and their agents to book travel on a secure basis with
                                operators in diverse parts of the world.

What is the purpose of the Trip Wizard?

The Trip Wizard is the application used
                                when creating a NEW trip and includes 4 steps (Details, Itinerary,
                                Photos and Rates).  The sections included in the Wizard must be
                                completed to create a trip.

What is the difference between a Brief Trip Description and Full Description?  Why do I need to include both?

Both the Brief and Full Descriptions are
                                required to make your trip 'Active' so you must include them.  In the
                                Brief Trip Description it is important to give the customer a short
                                synopsis of what your trip includes, specifically keywords that will
                                help narrow and target their trip search.  Once the customer selects a
                                trip they are interested in, they will find a broader more detailed
                                account of that specific trip under Full Description.

How do I plot an event location using the Geo Locator?

The Geo Locator is used to identify a
                                specific place, city, or region.  Depending on that particular day’s
                                itinerary, your location may vary.  This feature allows us to show your
                                trip to a customer searching by this region or place.

Enter the general geographic location of
                                the place you will be on any particular day under Search by Location
                                Name.  Click the Find button.  Once Google Maps has found your location
                                it might give you several options.  Click the location that you think
                                best matches your event.  A map should appear.  Drag the red balloon pin
                                to a place on the map that best matches your exact location.  To save
                                click the Save button in the lower left-hand corner of the page.

What if the location I am trying to plot is in a remote or rural area?

Google Maps is equipped to identify the
                                majority of location searches.  However, if your location does not
                                appear, try to plot the nearest city/town or broaden your search to
                                include a region.  Click the Satellite or Hybrid tabs to gain a more
                                detailed view.

How do I upload a photo?

To add a photo click the Browse button
                                and select a photo from your personal database of pictures.  Be aware
                                that the order you upload your photos, is the order they will appear in
                                the gallery view.  Make sure to include only photos that pertain to that
                                particular trip as they will be visual representations of your
                                itinerary.  Click the Upload Photo button after choosing your file.

What image size is recommended for uploading?

Your photos must be no bigger than 2MB.  Any images larger than this must be resized before being uploaded.

How many images can I upload to an album?

There is no limit to the amount of photos
                                you upload into an album, but we encourage users to upload at least 7
                                photographs to ensure that the gallery view for your trip is completely
                                filled in with no empty spaces.  Also, do not include the same pictures
                                for every trip.  While some overlap is okay, each trip should have its
                                own set of photographs.

Why do I need to include a default photo?

A default image will display in the
                                gallery view of trips and acts as a visual illustration for your trip’s
                                itinerary.  When a potential customer clicks on your trip, the default
                                photo will appear accompanied by a description and specific trip
                                details.  This photo gives the viewer an idea of what they might see or
                                experience on your trip and should be one of your better photographs.

Why should I include good photos?

Please be selective with the photos you
                                choose to upload.  Customers will be more apt to look at your trip if
                                the photos they see are stimulating and have good imagery.  Photos
                                should have a clear image with attractive composition.   Keep in mind
                                that photos with vivid hues (color and saturation) tend to draw the
                                viewer’s eye a bit more.  If you would like to see examples of good
                                photos go into the Photos page.

What do we mean by Free Sale?

Seats which are available to the customer.

Exactly what is a brand?

During registration we ask tour operators
                                to determine if they would like to sell their trips under their own
                                brand (a.k.a. company name) or sell under the AdventureLink brand.  By
                                selecting to sell under the AdventureLink brand, your company name will
                                not be disclosed.  This is particularly helpful for some inbound
                                operators who prefer not to sell under their own brands directly to FIT
                                and group customers or via retail agents due to existing relationships
                                with wholesale customers in the sending countries.

What is a trip leader?

A trip leader is assigned during the
                                booking process and is usually the person responsible for organizing the
                                trip and allotting payments to fellow travelers.  Trip leaders are also
                                eligible for trip discounts and may receive incentives for
                                organizing and handling trip business.

What if my tours have round-trip airfare?

Generally, we prefer NOT to include
                                round-trip airfare with the trip price.  If your tours include airfare
                                we ask that you provide us with a land-only rate.

Where do I include specifics on trip inclusions and exclusions?

Trip inclusions and exclusions can be
                                identified in the full description of a trip.  It is important to point
                                these out, especially what’s not included on a tour such as
                                international airfare, etc.

How will a customer know what to bring with them on my trip?

You can enter in specifics about what a
                                customer should bring in a packing list on the Passenger Requirements
                                page.  This list will be emailed to the customer after confirming a
                                booking.  Here you will also have the option to include a trip checklist
                                with requirements on age, weight, physical fitness and more.

My overnight stays are in tents.  How do I inform the customer?

If they haven’t figured it out from your
                                description, reiterate the lodging style in your lodging details on the
                                Itinerary page.  The name of your accommodation can be as simple as
                                “camp” with a description that talks a little bit about the campsite
                                itself (e.g. camp among redwoods within walking distance of a lake).
                                Just make sure you are giving the client accurate lodging information –
                                if it isn’t a 5 star hotel, don’t say it is!

I only have a full trip description.  What do I do about the brief description?

Create your own.  Your brief description
                                will appear when a customer hovers over your trip on AdventureLink.com
                                and can be as simple as a couple sentences.  In most cases we prefer you
                                to have a brief description that differs from your full description.
                                However, you can make it easy on yourself and insert the first couple
                                lines from your full description into your brief since they will never
                                appear on the same page.

None of my trips have descriptions.

Brief and full descriptions are required
                                for every trip.  Not only do they add something extra to the page, but
                                they can help sell the trip, enticing a customer to read on and possibly
                                even book!  We highly recommend at least a couple sentences for your
                                brief description and a paragraph or two for the full.  The more detail
                                you give here the better.

What do I do about codes in my trip names?

Delete them!  While these codes may be
                                useful to your company, AdventureLink operates on its own system of
                                internal coding.  By leaving codes in your trip name (or anywhere in
                                your text) you run the risk of confusing the customer.  Besides, they
                                just add more clutter.  If they don’t need to be there take them out!

When I copy/paste my itinerary from a PDF it formats differently.  Why?

Typically the issues we see with
                                itineraries and content that have been taken from a PDF relate to
                                spacing where you will see random breaks in the text.  Unfortunately,
                                how you render your PDF does not always translate well into Unicode.
                                When this happens you will need to manually adjust the spacing breaks
                                (and yes this does mean hitting the backspace button over and over).  At
                                this time we have no means of fixing it within the system but have
                                plans to implement a tool that would help correct the error.  In the
                                meantime, a manual fix on the part of the operator is needed.

What if I don’t see an activity I offer on your list?

Tell us!  We are always open to updating our activities and will be happy to add any activity you don’t see.

I keep encountering errors in the Extranet.

All errors are logged by us.  However, if
                                you continue to experience the same error or even multiple errors
                                during a single session please don’t hesitate to call or email us with
                                your issue(s).  The majority of us have worked endlessly testing and
                                playing with the system.  Chances are we will recognize your issue and
                                know how to fix it.

I just activated a trip but don’t see it on AdventureLink.com

Newly activated trips take time to run
                                through the system.  Expect to wait at least a day before your trip(s)
                                will show on our site.

Remember, even activated trips may not appear on AdventureLink.com if they do not have 7 mandatory fields.  They are:


a trip name

brief and full description

language and currency specifications

rates

departure dates


If you want to see what your trip will look like on AdventureLink.com without searching the site, click Preview in the Extranet.

How do I find my trip without searching endlessly on AdventureLink.com?

To find a trip (or all of your trips) on
                                AdventureLink.com without searching page by page you will need to modify
                                the URL that appears at the top of the page.  First, take note of your
                                operator and trip ID in the Extranet.  Your operator ID can be found by
                                highlighting with your mouse the white area under your company logo.
                                Trip IDs are next to the name of each trip under Trips Summary.

Next, once you are inside
                                AdventureLink.com click into a random trip.  Take the two numbers you
                                collected from the Extranet (your company and trip ID) and insert them
                                into the URL, in place of the ones already there.  Click Enter and your
                                trip will appear.  To see ALL your trips click on your company name.

How do I get my trips to appear on AdventureLink.com?

You must activate your trips before they
                                can show on the site.  To activate a trip simply check the box next to
                                the name of the trip you wish to activate in the Extranet.  Remember
                                that trips can only become active with the 7 mandatory fields.


a trip name

brief and full description

language and currency specifications

rates

departure dates


What if I have activated a trip but no longer want it to show on AdventureLink.com?

Log into the Extranet and uncheck the box
                                next to the name of the trip you wish to deactivate.  Once deactivated
                                it will no longer show on the site until you reactivate it.

How do I create a trip?

Once logged into the Extranet you will see a
                                link to the right of Trips Summary that says “click here.”  You can also
                                begin the trip creation process by clicking Add New Trip from the
                                dropdown menu under Content Administration.

How many trips can I upload to AdventureLink.com?

There is no limit to the number of trips you
                                can upload to the site.  We encourage you to create as many trips as you
                                like complete with exciting destinations and unique activity options.

How frequently should I update my trips?

Some trips may require constant maintenance,
                                specifically when it comes to adjusting rates, departure dates and
                                availability.  The majority of communication regarding bookings will be
                                done via email.  However, with your Account you can also check the
                                status of bookings with the handy messaging tool on your homepage.  Of
                                course it is always a good idea to update your content whenever you make
                                a change to you personal website, whether it is pricing related or even
                                an addition to your photo library.  We want to provide customers with
                                accurate and up-to-date information and ask the operator to maintain
                                sole control of their content.












Location Settings


English

2

3

4

5



USD

2

3

4

5






Company


About

News

Press Room

Blog

Careers

Testimonials

Terms & Privacy






Support


Contact Us

Support Portal

Talk to an Expert

Why Book With Us?

Request a Brochure

FAQ






Partners


List Your Trips

Operator Portal

Affiliate Program

XTours - SaaS platform

Affilate API

Travel Agents

Agent Login

Travel Bloggers


























© 2016 AdventureLink, Inc.™ All Rights Reserved

Member of Adventure Trade Travel Association

California Seller of Travel #2088061-40







© AdventureLink Travel Inc.

















The ‘new’ AdventureLink website is currently in BETA.

We recognize that there are aspects of the site that might need further fine tuning, and we’re asking for your help.  
								Please help us build a better site, and to show our appreciation we’ll offer a limited time reward.

Who Can Join the Beta Program?

Anyone can join this public beta program, however it is
limited to the first 100 travelers
who sign up.  
								When you join, you will be able to test drive the website until August 07, 2016.  
								We ask that you use AdventureLink as you normally would, but submit a report when you encounter a bug or other issue to
support@adventurelink.com
Please join us and let us know what you think.

What are the ‘special’ rewards you’ll get?

Apart from getting to peek into the next generation of OneClick Trips, you can save 10% off your bookings. 
								OneClick Trips are bookable trip packages with set itineraries.  Trips carefully crafted to take the hassle out of planning your vacation.
								These trips are perfect if you’re looking to dig deeper into a destination through incredible experiences - but also want an effortless, 
								one stop shopping experience.  So go on and explore these immersive itineraries and plan your next dream vacation and get
10% Off all 
								trips by using the code: PR825538103 Through August 07, 2016



Continue

















×
















Travel Agent Login













Email




Password




Your email or password are incorrect. Please try again.








Login























×
















Login To Your Account













Email




Password




Your email or password are incorrect. Please try again.








Login









or










Login with Facebook












Forgot password?
Click Here



Don't have an account?
Register here





















