
About AdventureLink






































Home

Personal Trip Planner

Destinations

Activities

Styles

Travel Deals

Coupon

Trip Finder

Filter Trips

PERSONAL TRAVEL PLANNER

Blog

Weekly Top Ten

Request A Brochure

Why Book With Us

Register


Login








×

















×
















Book unforgettable trips at the best prices, risk free.












Get
                                                            access to the world's largest selection of tours and activities.
                                                            Membership is free.



First Name




Last Name




Email




Password




Confirm Password




Your email or password are incorrect. Please try again.




Receive special offers



Receive AdventureLink's weekly newsletter








Register











Already registered?
Login



By signing up you agree to AdventureLink
terms of membership.










Registration Done!

Where would you like to go next?

Home

Travel Deals













































.







































OUR SUGGESTIONS




































































Near By













Cycling










Sightseeing










Wildlife



























My Account













Login








My Trips







1

Messages








Settings

























Contact Us











AdventureLink Travel Inc.
2400 Lincoln Ave
Altadena, California
91001
USA





Tel: 877.691.4488(USA)
Tel: +1.626.539.7506 (Int'l)
Fax: +1.626.296.6301
Skype: support.adventurelink.com
Email: support@adventurelink.com





Follow Us
















(877) 691-4488







































This Is

Our Story

Founded 2006











– AdventureLink is a travel technology company that specializes in curating hand picked tours from the world's best tour operators. We make it easy for travelers to find, compare and book unforgettable trips at the best prices.


– From Startup to one of the world's largest tour providers



AdventureLink has spent years cultivating partnerships with the best tour operators globally. This includes large international operator as well as local inbound companies to give our retail distributions, the best possible selection of verified tour operators.

AdventureLink supports the needs of a wide variety of different retail partners. Our platform is used day in day out by major travel companies and we have pioneered the capability to efficiently aggregate the best experiences from thousands of operators and make shopping for specialty travel, as easy as booking a flight or hotel online today!













e-commerce made simple!

Empower your customer to easily compare, price and book online.  Retailers are seeing  a 20% to 50% increase in online bookings using AdventureLink’s booking platform. Watch how we can take your business to the next level!

Best of all, you can connect with one of our experts who will guide you through the process of picking the right trip and helping you with flights, hotel arrangements or anything else you might need along the way!


– What We believe In


Inspired by Fun

We believe the travel experience starts with the discovery process and AdventureLink makes finding and booking the trip a fun experience!

Driven by Innovation

We are pioneers in the travel space driven by our passion for leveraging techology to make traveler's lives better.





AdventureLink's mission is to deliver life changing, unforgettable experiences that meet and exceed our customers' expectations.










– Management Team







Kelly Tompkins

– CEO & Founder

Kelly has over eighteen years of experience in developing online travel solutions for leading companies, including SABRE, where he helped developed a travel agent web booking service called WebReservations, Expedia, where he worked on dynamic packaging, GetThere, where he led strategies for air and leisure products which included implementation of the United Airlines, EFares yield management system. Kelly co-founded Tripeze.com, one of the major online travel agencies in Canada, later sold to Sears. Kelly also founded LeisureLink, one of the leading distribution networks for vacation rentals. Kelly graduated from the University of British Columbia with a combined Bachelor of Commerce and Science degree in 1994 and is former member of the Canadian National Cycling Team.








Russell McGregor

– CTO

Russ has over 25 years experience in software development, while managing to indulge his interests in hiking, films, boating, golf, and exploring. “I caught the travel bug in High School, making treks to all parts of Mexico, Europe, and the former Soviet Union with his friends and classmates. I credit my passion for world travel and experiencing all sorts of different cultures as a chief influence in guiding my career in leading diverse, global technology teams and building great software products in a variety of industries.”

Russ was the CTO of Venice Beach based Practice Technologies, and past projects include consulting for the Walt Disney Interactive Media Group and DirecTV. He has a Bachelor’s Degree in Finance and Information Systems from the USC Marshall School of Business, and a Master’s Degree from the USC School of Cinematic Arts.








Steve Dashiell

– VP Design

Steve has over 18 years experience in designing software solutions for Fortune 500 companies, SMEs and startups. He has co-founded three design studios that span across a broad range of design disciplines: MOFO, an interactive design agency; VIZ, an architectural visualization firm; and MetaNet, a design studio specializing in creating virtual reality experiences.

Steve serves as Adjunt Professor of Visual Communication and Enterpreneurship at the Ken Blanchard School of Business and advises startups on how to leverage design thinking for exponential growth. He holds a BS in Psyhology, MA in Economics and pursued a PhD in International Economics at the University of Southern California before dropping out to pursue his passion in design and technology.






– Board of Directors







Richard Bangs

– Board Member

Richard Bangs has often been called the father of modern adventure travel, and the pioneer in travel that makes a difference, travel with a purpose. He has spent 30 years as an explorer and communicator, and along the way led first descents of 35 rivers around the globe, including the Yangtze in China and the Zambezi in Southern Africa. He was founder and editor-in-chief of Mungo Park, a pioneering Microsoft travel publishing effort. He was also part of the founding executive team of
Expedia.com
, and served as its Editor-at-Large. He was creator and publisher of Expedia Travels Magazine (published in partnership with Ziff-Davis), and executive producer of Expedia Radio, and founder and executive director of Expedia Cafes. He also served as president of Outward Bound; Founded
Well-Traveled.com
for Slate, and was founding editor and executive producer of Great Escapes, another Microsoft Travel initiative (
www.greatescapes.msnbc.com
). He also ran and founded First and Best for MSN, and founded Sobek Expeditions, which in the early 1990s merged with Mountain Travel to become Mountain Travel Sobek (
www.mtsobek.com
).

He is currently producing and hosting the new PBS series, Richard Bangs’ Adventures with Purpose (
www.adventureswithpurpose.tv
), and his companion book, Adventures with Purpose, won the 2007 best book award from NATJA. His latest books are Quest for the Sublime (2008), and Quest for the Kashah (2009). See a sneak peek for his next television special here -
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KNgI25hO6uw&feature=youtu.be








Chris Gardner

– Board Member

Chris is the managing partner of Nickel Capital and priviously was the EVP, Corporate Development at GuestLogix; the leading onboard airline retailer. Chris brings 20 years of global investment, capital raising, strategic and retail experience and plays a pivotal role in guiding the financing and business development for AdventureLink. Chris is an active private investor and consultant in the travel technology, travel operations and digital media industries.








Heriberto Diarte

– Board Member
Global executive with extensive experience as CEO in Automotive, Electric Transportation solutions,  big infrastructure projects, and building materials with world-class companies  like Oerlikon Drive Systems, Alstom, and Cemex.  Angel investor in a range  of sectors from travel & wellness to high tech.   Co-founder of
www.hereofamily.com
.
Heriberto has an MBA from the Stanford Graduate School of Business and an MPA from Harvard’s Kennedy School of Government.





Kelly Tompkins

– CEO & Founder

Kelly has over eighteen years of experience in developing online travel solutions for leading companies, including SABRE, where he helped developed a travel agent web booking service called WebReservations, Expedia, where he worked on dynamic packaging, GetThere, where he led strategies for air and leisure products which included implementation of the United Airlines, EFares yield management system. Kelly co-founded Tripeze.com, one of the major online travel agencies in Canada, later sold to Sears. Kelly also founded LeisureLink, one of the leading distribution networks for vacation rentals. Kelly graduated from the University of British Columbia with a combined Bachelor of Commerce and Science degree in 1994 and is former member of the Canadian National Cycling Team.



– Advisory Board







Norman L. Rose

– Board Member

Norm is world renowned for his travel technology expertise, 
                            particularly his analysis of the impact of emerging trends such mobile, social media, 
                            blockchain and Artificial Intelligence. He has extensive experience in all travel industry sectors including airlines,
                            tour operators, online and traditional travel agents, hoteliers, rail and software platforms used for operations and 
                            distribution. Norm is assisting in developing new distribution partnerships for AdventureLink.








Sol Zia

– Board Member

Sol is an expert in loyalty and membership marketing programs and specializes in financial services, travel and retail
                            industries. He currently heads up the loyalty rewards program for WestJet Airlines based in Calgary. Sol has worked 
                            with leading companies Internationally in the credit card, insurance, airline and packaged goods markets. 
                            He focuses on developing customer relationship marketing, loyalty and direct marketing strategies in addition to database marketing services and analytics. Sol assists AdventureLink with business development and consumer direct marketing strategies for affiliate partners.








Ken Swanton

– Board Member

Ken is a travel industry veteran and a pioneer in the development of the online travel industry 
                        in the mid 1990s as CEO of Internet Travel Network (GetThere), the leading corporate booking platform that was acquired 
                        to SABRE. Ken then went to work for Carl Icahn as CEO of Lowestfare.com. Prior to this, Ken worked as EVP & General Manager 
                        of the Carlson Travel Group. Ken helps guide the strategic direction of AdventureLink, assist with introductions to 
                        potential partners and provides mentoring to the CEO.





– Engineering Team







Girlie Valiente

– Content Administration Manager

It's blissful to be a part of AdventureLink team, working with people who are dedicated to making booking adventure travel as easy as booking a flight or a hotel room. My 5 years of working at AdventureLink provided me with the context for understanding the significance of quality tour content. I lead a team that does Content QA, loading, and enrichment. I am optimistic that time and hard work put in by my team will ultimately pay off! When I am not working, I spend bulk of my time with my daughter and son.

My ultimate travel destination is Egypt; I am fascinated by this ancient land and look forward to exploring its culture and history. Cheers to your next travel








Chandra Shekar BN

– Lead Integration Specialist

Chandra possesses over 12 years of experience in advanced front-end development. Chandra’s involvement typically starts at conceptualization and continues through client engagement, design and development of affiliate sites. His projects include - STA Travel, Jet Setter, USA Today and Travel + Leisure. Chandra specializes in responsive template creation using HTML5 and CSS3 utilizing libraries such as jQuery and Bootstrap with a concentration on accessibility, web standards, and search engine optimization.

Chandra has working knowledge of both .NET/SQL and PHP/MySQL environments and has developed sites for, and worked with, multiple CMS frameworks including iApps, Interwoven Teamsite and WordPress. In his spare time Chandra loves to travel, listen to music, swim and play table tennis.








Ravi Kumar

– Sr. Engineer (full-stack)

Working at AdventureLink feels like being part of a family. Since I joined AdventureLink almost 4 years ago, I’ve learned many new things from my colleagues who have shared their knowledge with me. I will always be thankful to the people who believed in me and gave me this opportunity to grow. I have taken on many challenging projects here, and I have very beautiful memories that will have forever. I am proud to be a part of AdventureLink and grateful to the whole team who have given me the opportunity to balance work and life. My own adventure continues…

I have 12 years of experience in software development. Strong experience in ASP.NET, MVC, AJAX, C#, VB, MS SQL Server 2012, Web Services, WCF, JQuery, Javascript, unit testing, TFS, SVN source safe. I am interested in challenging projects and new experience in role of senior developer.








Vivek Jaiswal

– Sr. Engineer

Vivek has 9+ years of experience in Microsoft Technologies and 6+ years of experience within the Travel Domain where his projects included Amadeus, Worldspan, Sabre, Expedia, Travelport, and GDS API integration. During these years he handling end-to-end development of software products / projects from inception, requirement specification, planning, designing, implementation, configuration management, documentation and closure within cross-cultural teams. His latest work involves API integration for the latest AdventureLink site.









Location Settings


English

2

3

4

5



USD

2

3

4

5






Company


About

News

Press Room

Blog

Careers

Testimonials

Terms & Privacy






Support


Contact Us

Support Portal

Talk to an Expert

Why Book With Us?

Request a Brochure

FAQ






Partners


List Your Trips

Operator Portal

Affiliate Program

XTours - SaaS platform

Affilate API

Travel Agents

Agent Login

Travel Bloggers
























© 2016 AdventureLink, Inc.™ All Rights Reserved

Member of Adventure Trade Travel Association

California Seller of Travel #2088061-40







© AdventureLink Travel Inc.













The ‘new’ AdventureLink website is currently in BETA.

We recognize that there are aspects of the site that might need further fine tuning, and we’re asking for your help.  
								Please help us build a better site, and to show our appreciation we’ll offer a limited time reward.

Who Can Join the Beta Program?

Anyone can join this public beta program, however it is
limited to the first 100 travelers
who sign up.  
								When you join, you will be able to test drive the website until August 07, 2016.  
								We ask that you use AdventureLink as you normally would, but submit a report when you encounter a bug or other issue to
support@adventurelink.com
Please join us and let us know what you think.

What are the ‘special’ rewards you’ll get?

Apart from getting to peek into the next generation of OneClick Trips, you can save 10% off your bookings. 
								OneClick Trips are bookable trip packages with set itineraries.  Trips carefully crafted to take the hassle out of planning your vacation.
								These trips are perfect if you’re looking to dig deeper into a destination through incredible experiences - but also want an effortless, 
								one stop shopping experience.  So go on and explore these immersive itineraries and plan your next dream vacation and get
10% Off all 
								trips by using the code: PR825538103 Through August 07, 2016



Continue












×
















Travel Agent Login













Email




Password




Your email or password are incorrect. Please try again.








Login






















×
















Login To Your Account













Email




Password




Your email or password are incorrect. Please try again.








Login









or










Login with Facebook












Forgot password?
Click Here



Don't have an account?
Register here














