
Travel Republic - Frequently Asked Questions - Answers page



























Call us:


020 8974 7200

















Hotels



Holidays



Flights



Deals



Extras


Car Hire

Transfers

Parking

Attractions

All Inclusive















New!
Travel Republic App






























FAQ Home

»
I haven't travelled yet

»
I want to cancel my booking

» Cancelling an  Accommodation Booking




Frequently Asked Questions


Cancelling an  Accommodation Booking
...







Select another subject:


Cancelling an Accommodation Booking








Cancelling an Accommodation Booking



Answer:



Low Deposit Accommodation Bookings

Our low deposit offers are available for accommodation bookings made 15 days or more prior to departure. Rooms where this option is available will be indicated when you check availability. The remaining balance on these rooms is due 14 days prior to departure. Our low deposits starting from £1 are non-refundable and therefore would not be reimbursed should you decide to cancel your booking. Please note that our standard cancellation terms apply for all accommodation bookings.


Cancellations on Low Deposit Accommodation Bookings

Please note that some hotels offer rooms at discounted rates that are non-refundable and these will have been highlighted at the time of booking. With the exception of these, the following charges apply to all accommodation bookings (including those booked under the £1 low deposit scheme):

Any other destination more than 7 days before departure - £40 cancellation charge (or the value of the booking if lower)

7 days or less before departure  - 100% of the booking value

If you make a new accommodation booking within 30 days having cancelled more than 7 days before departure, we will provide a refund of £15. If you cancelled 7 days or less before departure, please contact our Sales Team who can advise if any refund is applicable.

If you wish to proceed with the cancellation of your accommodation, please access your booking using the
Manage Your Booking
facility on our website. You will then be able to raise a Customer Support Request advising that you wish to cancel your booking. We will action your request within the next 2 business days. Please note, priority is given to urgent requests relating to bookings close to departure.

Alternatively, you may call our Customer Support Team on: 0208 974 7200.




Non Refundable Accommodation Bookings

A non refundable rate is usually the hotels/providers best rate. Full payment is needed at the time of booking and if you decide to cancel, it will be a 100% loss, so no refund would be due.


Amendments on Non Refundable Accommodation Bookings

As this is a promotional rate, no changes at all can be made to your booking once it is confirmed.
































Travel Republic is a travel search website acting as agent only. Each product (e.g. flight, hotel or car hire) has its own price independent of any other products booked at the same time and creates a separate contract directly between you and the provider of that product. Travel Republic champions value, choice and flexibility and does not sell, organise or arrange package holidays.

All of the Flight Plus Holidays (as defined in our
Agency Terms of Business
) on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme. The ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed on this website. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. Please see our Agency Terms of Business for information, or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to:
http://www.atol.org.uk
.

**Super low £1 hotel deposit unavailable on non refundable rooms, due to the exceptional value of these rooms. Under the £1 low deposit scheme, the balance of the accommodation cost is due 14 days prior to departure. Please note that
standard cancellation terms
apply.

Travel Republic Limited is an appointed representative of ITC Compliance Limited which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (their registration number is 313486) and which is permitted to advise on and arrange general insurance contracts.



© 2017 Travel Republic Limited. All Rights Reserved.



















