





FAQS - Frequently Asked Questions | loveholidays






























loveholidays








Frequently Asked Questions



I haven't booked yet



I haven't travelled yet



I am on my trip



I have completed my trip



Amendments



I have a question





FAQ search - Ask your question below











Monarch Announcement



Ryanair - Flight Cancellations Winter  2017/2018



French Strike 9th and 10th October 2017



How do I check-in online?



When do I get my documents/paperwork?



Can I make amendments to my booking?



What will I have to pay to change or cancel my booking?



What is my booking reference number?



When do I receive my confirmation email?



What does API mean and who do I give this information to?



How do I log in to Manage My Booking?



How do I check in and get boarding passes for my Ryanair flight?



Is it possible to change a name on my booking?



How do I enter my promocode / voucher code?



What is the baggage allowance for my flight?



What deposit and payment schemes do you offer when booking online or by phone?



How do I pre-book seats on my flight?



What is ATOL and what does this mean for me?



What is ABTA and what does this mean for me?



If I book with you, how financially protected is my holiday?



Can I change my hold baggage allowance once I have booked?



How do I change my hotel?



What are the differences between private and shuttle transfers?



How can I book a holiday on your site?



Can I make an accommodation only booking on your site?



How do I give you feedback?



Where can I find a copy of your Booking Conditions?



Where can I find a copy of your Privacy Policy?



Will the hotel facilities be on offer all year round?



What is the difference between studios, apartments and villas?



How do you decide which hotels to recommend on your site?



How do you decide which star rating to give each of the hotels on your site?



What should I do if my baggage is stolen, lost or damaged?



What does Board Basis mean?



What payment methods do you accept when booking by phone and are there any card charges?



Are there any additional charges when booking online?



How do I know I have successfully booked my holiday with you?



What have you done to ensure your website is secure?



How do I contact the Sales Team to obtain a quote on a holiday booking?



How do I contact your Customer Services Team?



Where can I find details of your complaints procedure?



How can I find out if it is safe to travel to a particular country?



I am pregnant can I fly still?



Are flight meals included?



Should I confirm my flight times before I travel?



I am a British citizen, how do I know if I need a Visa to travel?



Do my children need their own passports?



How can I arrange assistance for my accommodation?



How can I arrange assistance for my flights?



Will transfers be included with my holiday booking?



Do I need travel insurance?



Can you hold seats or tell me how many seats are left?



What age ranges define Senior Citizens, Adults, Children and Infants?



Can I book a holiday less than 2 days in advance?



Can we buy travel insurance through loveholidays?



Why isn't my voucher code valid?



How do I add luggage to my booking?



What time do I need to check out of my room?



How do I check in for my Thomson flight?



How do I check in for my Wizz Air flight?



How can I book multiple rooms for my holiday?



How can I book a seat with extra leg room?



Do I need an accommodation voucher to check-in at my hotel?



Can I make a booking on behalf of someone else?



How do I make a payment for my booking?



Can I upgrade my room or board basis when I arrive?



How do I organise my visa?



How do I add special assistance to my booking?



How do I change my contact details with you?



How do I get help on holiday if I need it?



Where will my transfer pick me up when I land?



What time will I be picked up to go to the airport to get home?



Will there be a holiday representative at my hotel?



What is your Price Match Guarantee?



How do your interest free monthly payment options work?



How do I change my baggage allowance?



Is there a visa fee to pay when entering Turkey on holiday?



How does your free cancellation policy work?



Do I need a visa for my holiday?



How do I check in for my Thomas Cook Airlines flight?



How do I check in for my Jet2 flight?



Do you cater for disabled and less mobile passengers?



How do I check in for my easyJet flight?



Dubai holidays during Ramadan



What are the travel insurance terms of business?



How do I check in for my Aer Lingus flight?



How do I check in for my Flybe flight?



What is the Insurance Medical Warranty?



What is a tourist or city tax?



What does API information mean?


























