










Booking.com for Travel Agents Registration






































for Travel Agents



Sign in





Home



FAQs



Contact Us



Affiliate Partner Program











Choose your preferred language. We speak English (US) and 42 other languages.



Most often used by people in the United States








English (US)










English (UK)












Español










简体中文












日本語










한국어







All languages








English (UK)










English (US)










Deutsch










Nederlands










Français










Español










Español (AR)










Català










Italiano










Português (PT)










Português (BR)










Norsk










Suomi










Svenska










Dansk












Čeština










Magyar










Română










日本語










简体中文










繁體中文










Polski










Ελληνικά










Русский










Türkçe










Български










العربية










한국어










עברית










Latviski












Українська










Bahasa Indonesia










Bahasa Malaysia










ภาษาไทย










Eesti










Hrvatski










Lietuvių










Slovenčina










Srpski










Slovenščina










Tiếng Việt










Filipino










Íslenska
















Designed for travel agents to help grow their business


Our all-in-one product gives you access to millions of global properties, dedicated customer service teams, easy-to-use reporting, intelligent payment methods, and huge potential earnings.

Interested? Watch the intro video to see how Booking.com for Travel Agents can help grow your business!



Check out videos to explore more






Join now for FREE!

Fill out the form to join this specially created program




Can't be left blank




Can't be left blank





Can't be left blank

This email address is already in use.




Email address doesn't match




-- Select country --

Abkhazia

Afghanistan

Albania

Algeria

American Samoa

Andorra

Angola

Anguilla

Antarctica

Antigua & Barbuda

Argentina

Armenia

Aruba

Australia

Austria

Azerbaijan

Bahamas

Bahrain

Bangladesh

Barbados

Belarus

Belgium

Belize

Benin

Bermuda

Bhutan

Bolivia

Bonaire St. Eustatius and Saba

Bosnia and Herzegovina

Botswana

Bouvet Island

Brazil

British Indian Ocean Territory

British Virgin Islands

Brunei

Bulgaria

Burkina Faso

Burundi

Cambodia

Cameroon

Canada

Cape Verde

Cayman Islands

Central Africa Republic

Chad

Chile

China

Christmas Island

Cocos (K) I.

Colombia

Comoros

Congo

Cook Islands

Costa Rica

Crimea

Croatia

Cuba

Curaçao

Cyprus

Czech Republic

Democratic Republic of the Congo

Denmark

Djibouti

Dominica

Dominican Republic

East Timor

Ecuador

Egypt

El Salvador

Equatorial Guinea

Eritrea

Estonia

Ethiopia

Falkland Islands (Malvinas)

Faroe Islands

Fiji

Finland

France

French Guiana

French Polynesia

French Southern Territories

Gabon

Gambia

Georgia

Germany

Ghana

Gibraltar

Greece

Greenland

Grenada

Guadeloupe

Guam

Guatemala

Guernsey

Guinea

Guinea-Bissau

Guyana

Haiti

Heard and McDonald Islands

Honduras

Hong Kong

Hungary

Iceland

India

Indonesia

Ireland

Isle of Man

Israel

Italy

Ivory Coast

Jamaica

Japan

Jersey

Jordan

Kazakhstan

Kenya

Kiribati

Kosovo

Kuwait

Kyrgyzstan

Laos

Latvia

Lebanon

Lesotho

Liberia

Libya

Liechtenstein

Lithuania

Luxembourg

Macau

Macedonia

Madagascar

Malawi

Malaysia

Maldives

Mali

Malta

Marshall Islands

Martinique

Mauritania

Mauritius

Mayotte

Mexico

Micronesia

Moldova

Monaco

Mongolia

Montenegro

Montserrat

Morocco

Mozambique

Myanmar

Namibia

Nauru

Nepal

Netherlands

New Caledonia

New Zealand

Nicaragua

Niger

Nigeria

Niue

Norfolk Island

North Korea

Northern Mariana Islands

Norway

Oman

Pakistan

Palau

Palestinian Territory

Panama

Papua New Guinea

Paraguay

Peru

Philippines

Pitcairn

Poland

Portugal

Puerto Rico

Qatar

Reunion

Romania

Russia

Rwanda

Saint Barts

Saint Kitts and Nevis

Saint Lucia

Saint Martin

Saint Vincent & Grenadines

Samoa

San Marino

Saudi Arabia

Senegal

Serbia

Seychelles

Sierra Leone

Singapore

Slovakia

Slovenia

Solomon Islands

Somalia

South Africa

South Georgia and the South Sandwi…

South Korea

South Sudan

Spain

Sri Lanka

St. Helena

St. Maarten

St. Pierre and Miquelon

Sudan

Suriname

Svalbard & Jan Mayen

Swaziland

Sweden

Switzerland

São Tomé and Príncipe

Taiwan

Tajikistan

Tanzania

Thailand

Togo

Tokelau

Tonga

Trinidad and Tobago

Tunisia

Turkey

Turkmenistan

Turks & Caicos Islands

Tuvalu

U.S. Virgin Islands

Uganda

Ukraine

United Arab Emirates

United Kingdom

United States Minor Outlying Islan…

United States of America

Uruguay

Uzbekistan

Vanuatu

Vatican City

Venezuela

Vietnam

Wallis and Futuna

Yemen

Zambia

Zimbabwe


Can't be left blank



Next step





Join now for FREE!

We just need a few more details from you



Can't be left blank




-- Code --

IATA

ARC

CLIA

TrueID

Other





Can't be left blank




Can't be left blank







I have read and understood the
Travel Agents Agreement
.




Beep boop! Are you a robot? If not, please check the box!



Sign up
















Congrats!
Keep an eye on your inbox

We'll be sending you an email with instructions on how you can start using Booking.com for Travel Agents.






Something went wrong – you're not signed up yet

It looks like we couldn't complete your registration. We're working on fixing the issue – for more info, contact
ta@booking.com









Step 1


Personal Information






Step 2


Business Information






Step 3


Confirmation





Travel Agents Agreement


STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT
PARTIES:
1. BOOKING.COM B.V., a company incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands and having its registered seat at Herengracht 597, 1017 CE Amsterdam, the Netherlands ("Booking.com"), and
2. [__], a company incorporated under the laws of [__] and having its registered seat at [___] (the "Partner").
WHEREAS:
(i) Booking.com operates an online accommodation reservation system (the "System") through which participating Accommodations can make their rooms available for reservation, and through which visitors can make reservations at such Accommodations (the "Service");
(ii) Booking.com maintains and exploits its own websites, apps, platform, tools or other devices (collectively the "Booking.com Platform"), and also provides the Service and links to the Service on the websites, apps, platform, tools or other devices of third parties;
(iii) the Partner owns, controls, hosts and/or operates one or more websites, apps, platform, tools and/or other devices;
(iv) the Partner and Booking.com wish to make the Service available on the Partner Platform for the customers and visitors of the Partner Platform(s) and in such form and on such terms and conditions as set out in this Agreement.
HAVE AGREED AS FOLLOWS:
1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION
1.1 In this Agreement, save where the context otherwise requires or the Agreement otherwise provides, capitalised words and expressions shall have the meanings given to them in Appendix 1.
1.2 This Agreement is not intended, nor should anything herein or in any of the arrangements contemplated herein, be construed, to create a joint venture or the relationship of partners, partnership or principal and agent between the Parties. Neither Party shall act, or be construed to act, as the agent of the other.
1.3 The Partner shall not publish anywhere on the Partner Platform(s) any statement that the website is part of, endorsed by, or an official website of Booking.com.
2. SCOPE OF THIS AGREEMENT
2.1 Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Partner shall operate as a non-exclusive distributor (partner) of Booking.com.
2.2	For the term of this Agreement, Parties have agreed that the Service shall be made available by Booking.com to the Partner as set out in Appendix 2 (i.e. Link, Micro Site or XML) and on the website(s) as set out in Appendix 2 (i.e. the Partner Platform(s)). In the event that the Service is made available through XML, Appendix 3 shall also apply.
2.3 The Service shall include customer services to and for the benefit of the Guests. All customer service related issues and questions in respect of the Service will be handled by Booking.com.
2.4 When a booking is made by a visitor on the Partner Platforms through the System, Booking.com shall be solely responsible for the transmission of the relevant reservation details from the website visitor and (sending of) the subsequent (email) confirmation to the Guest.
2.5	Parties agree and acknowledge that Booking.com (i) is not and shall not (nor cannot be) regarded as a travel agent, tour operator, package provider or a sub (travel) agent of the Affiliate, (ii) when rendering the Service (a) Booking.com is not and shall not be regarded as a travel agent, tour operator, package provider or a (sub) (travel) agent of the Partner, (b) Booking.com shall not be liable for any damages, losses, claims, fines, liabilities, costs or expenses suffered, paid or incurred by the end users or the Partner with respect to any of the (packaged) services the Partner provides or makes available to the end users, and (c) Booking.com shall not be liable for any damages, losses, claim, liability, costs or expenses suffered, paid or incurred by the end users or the Partner arising out or pursuant to any travel agent liability (or alike), and (iii) is not active in, familiar with or involved in the travel agent or tour operator (packaging) industry and/or practice, including the applicable rules, regulations and practices under any applicable or relevant law. Booking.com shall only be responsible for the facilitation of the reservation process.
2.6 Insofar applicable, the Partner hereby (a) assumes, indemnify, takes over (from Booking.com) and accepts all liabilities, claims, damages, costs, obligations, covenants and undertakings which are applicable to, binding on or relevant for the Partner (whether acting as (independent) travel agent, tour operator, package provider or acting in any other similar capacity) and its contracting parties (suppliers/subcontractors), pursuant to or under any (mandatory) law, court order, this Agreement or otherwise in respect of acting as or operating as a travel agent, tour operator or package provider, and (b) assumes and shall be responsible for compliance by the Partner (including its other suppliers and business partners) with all applicable rules, regulations and practices under any applicable or relevant law in respect of acting as or operating as a travel agent or tour operator or package provider. For the avoidance of doubt, Parties agree that Booking.com will not be responsible and liable for its own and the other Party’s failure to comply with applicable (local) legislation and regulations in respect of acting as or operating as a travel agent, tour operator or package provider.
3. LICENSE
3.1 Subject to Clause 4.4, Booking.com hereby grants the Partner a non-exclusive, revocable, limited, royalty free and worldwide right and license (or sublicense as applicable):
(a) to display such elements of the Booking.com Data as provided or made available by Booking.com to the Partner, and
(b) to promote and market the Service subject to the terms set out in this Agreement.
3.2 The Partner hereby grants Booking.com a royalty free, non-exclusive and worldwide right and license:
(a) to incorporate, integrate, include and display the Link, the Micro Site and/or the Connection (as applicable) on the Partner Platform(s), and
(b) to make the Service available on the Partner Platform(s).
3.3 Unless agreed otherwise in writing by Booking.com, the Partner shall not be entitled to sublicense the rights granted to it under Clause 3.1 including the methods of connection, whether via a hyperlink or XML. As such it shall not sell, use, disclose or disseminate the Booking.com Data (whether through an i-frame, xml connections or otherwise) to (i) any third party for price/availability comparison purposes or otherwise, or (ii) any (meta) search engine (e.g. Google, Bing, Yandex etc) or similar.
4. COVENANTS AND UNDERTAKINGS
4.1 General covenants, undertakings and obligations
4.1.1 Booking.com will provide the Partner with a unique link to a secured website (extranet) of Booking.com (the "Secured Website"), user ID and password which allows the Partner to monitor the booking of Accommodation through the Partner Platform(s). The Partner shall safeguard and keep the user ID and password confidential and safely stored and not disclose it to any person other than those who need to have access to the Secured Website. The Partner shall immediately notify Booking.com of any (suspected) security breach or improper use.
4.1.2 The Partner agrees not to take, or omit to take, any action which may affect Booking.com's relationship with the Accommodations available on the Booking.com Platforms. Activities that are deemed to impact this relationship include:
(i) anything that may cause Booking.com to be excluded from the process of booking;
(ii) speaking negatively or detrimentally about Booking.com with regard to Accommodations;
(iii) doing anything that may cause an Accommodation to terminate its contract or reduce its dealings and business with Booking.com;
(iv) communicating directly with any Accommodations in respect of bookings made through the System, and
(v) making bookings or reservations through the System with the purpose of reselling to or for the benefit of a third party.
4.1.3 The Partner shall diligently maintain the content of the Partner Platforms and shall keep the Partner Platform(s) up-to-date and accurate. The Partner shall promptly correct any errors or omissions on the Partner Platform(s) after becoming aware of such errors or being notified by Booking.com.
4.1.4 The Partner shall not programmatically evaluate and extract information (including guest reviews) from any part of the Booking.com Platform (e.g. screen scrape).
4.1.5 The Partner agrees and acknowledges that the restrictive covenants undertakings, and restrictions set out in this Clause 4 are of material importance to Booking.com, in particular for the protection of (i) Booking.com’s goodwill (ii) Booking.com Intellectual Property Rights, and (iii) Booking.com’s product, service and reputation. Furthermore, the Partner agrees and acknowledges that all covenants, undertakings, and restrictions set out in this Clause 4 shall (a) be promptly, and diligently complied with, and (b) also apply in respect of the companies within the Partner Group.
4.1.6 Parties agree and acknowledge that in the event of an (alleged or threatening) infringement or breach by the Partner of its obligations under this Clause 4, the burden of proof is carried by the Partner.
4.2 Goodwill and brand protection
4.2.1 The Partner undertakes that the Partner Platform(s) (including all other websites, apps, platforms, tools or other devices (directly or indirectly) is owned, controlled, managed or hosted by the Partner), in particular in respect of:
(a) the look and feel in respect of the color scheme, the composition, the typefaces, the design and the layout;
(b) any logo(s) used on the Partner Platform(s) (including those within the Partner Group);
(c) features and elements that are unique to the Booking.com Platform, is/are (and shall remain) sufficiently and substantially distinct from the Booking.com Platform(s) (to be determined by Booking.com at its sole discretion). The Partner shall promptly comply at its own costs with any reasonable requests from Booking.com to make changes, alterations or amendments to any aspect or element of the Partner Platform(s) which is or can be regarded to be confusingly or significantly similar to any element of the Booking.com Platform.
4.3 Intellectual Property Rights
4.3.1 The Partner acknowledges that Booking.com and/or its licensors shall retain ownership of all rights, title and interest in and to all Intellectual Property Rights of Booking.com or those embodied in the Booking.com Platform (including the Content).
4.3.2 The Partner shall not (directly or indirectly) integrate, combine or otherwise make the Booking.com Data (or any part thereof) available with its own content and/or the content of any Booking.com Competitor. The Partner shall not amend, alter, modify, or create derivative works based on or derived from the Booking.com Data. Booking.com Data shall only be used to enable the Service. Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, the Partner shall destroy, delete or upon first request of Booking.com return all Booking.com Data (including all hard and soft copies).
4.3.3 The Partner shall not (directly or indirectly) register, acquire or obtain Internet domain name(s) which incorporates any word or words which are identical, or confusingly or substantially similar to "Booking", "Bookings" or any variations, translations or misspellings thereof, included as part of the address.
4.4 Promotion and marketing
4.4.1 During the term of the Agreement, the Partner agrees and warrants that it shall not conduct, undertake, use, perform (a) Paid Search or SEM activities, (b) any activity to unfairly influence the results of Third Party Platforms, or (c) any other form of online targeted advertising (whether directly, indirectly, or via or through Third Party Platforms) in respect of:
(i) the Booking.com Platform;
(ii) the Booking.com Data;
(iii) the Booking.com Brands;
(iv) the Accommodation Brands (unless the owner of such Accommodation Brand has given its prior written consent to the Partner for the use of that specific Accommodation Brand). Clause 4.4.1 in respect of paragraph (i) up to and including (iii) shall survive termination of this Agreement.
4.4.2 The Partner shall not use, exploit or otherwise employ, directly or indirectly, any Third Party Platforms, to seek to avoid or circumvent its covenants, obligations or restrictions under this Agreement. The Partner shall avoid all forms of trickery when promoting and marketing the Partner Platform. If the Partner is perceived to be jeopardising Booking.com’s own position, brand or goodwill in/on Third Party Platform or elsewhere, through any underhand promotional or marketing techniques, the Partner shall upon first request of Booking.com cease and desist such activities.
4.4.3 In the event that Booking.com (Platform) is detrimentally linked to promotional or marketing activity by the Partner (Platform), the Partner agrees to promptly comply with the reasonable requests of Booking.com to remedy. During any remedial period Booking.com shall be entitled to postpone its obligations under this Agreement (including the offer of the Service, System and the Booking.com Data) or immediately terminate this Agreement.
4.5 Similar names
4.5.1 In the event that the Partner has or uses a (domain or application) name (confusingly) similar to the Booking.com Brands (the "Similar Name") for the Partner Platform(s), the following applies. The Partner shall not, directly or indirectly:
(a) bid on or purchase internet placement rights for the Similar Name or any part or similarities thereof in any manner in any of its advertising or marketing.
(b) drive traffic to the Similar Name through the use of translation or misspelling variants of the (domain/app) name, whether done through use of meta data (tags, titles, descriptions) or keyword bidding.
4.5.2 In respect of Similar Names other than the Partner Platform, Parties have agreed that such Similar Names shall not actively be available or used or online for whatever purpose.
4.6 Price Comparison
4.6.1 In the event that the Partner offers Price Comparison on a relevant Partner Platform(s) as set out in Appendix 2, the Partner shall solely be granted access to the rate(s) and availability data of relevant Accommodations (collectively, the "Rates and Availability Data") via a direct connection to the Booking.com web-servers (i.e. via a XML). The Rates and Availability Data will be made available in accordance with the terms and conditions of the XML Guidelines (attached as Appendix 3, if applicable). The XML Guidelines shall form an integral part of this Agreement and must be read in conjunction with this Agreement. No Booking.com Data is to be used, copied or referred to.
4.6.2 When offering Price Comparison, the room rates must be compared fairly and with equal favor, in terms of ranking, to all Booking.com Competitors. Rates made available by Booking.com Competitors must be accurate, correct and not misleading (at least match the relevant prices made available on the websites, apps, platform, tools or other devices of the Booking.com Competitors) and comply with the relevant applicable laws.
5. COMMISSION AND PAYMENT
5.1 Booking.com will pay the Partner for each Materialised Transaction the Commission calculated over the Transaction Fee, by using a percentage of the total transaction value for the number of Materialised Transactions, in accordance with the following table (the "Percentage Total Transaction Value”):



Materialised Transactions per month

Percentage Total Transaction Value




0-50
5%

more than 50
6%

more than 150
7%


5.2 The Percentage Commission Split used to calculate the Commission owed to the Partner shall be subject to change, based on the number of Materialised Transactions. The changed Percentage Commission Split shall be applicable to Materialised Transactions which occur following such change only; changes shall not apply retroactively.
5.3 Booking.com operates, and the Partner accepts, a "self-invoicing" system for any Commission owed to the Partner.
5.4 On or before the 5th business day of each month (the actual date being the "Release Date"), Booking.com shall provide the Partner with a credit invoice stating the Commission payable that month (the "Invoice").
5.5 Booking.com shall pay Commission to the Partner on a monthly basis, 60 days after the end of the month in which the guest departs, unless the amount of Commission due to the Partner at that time is less than €100, in which event Booking.com will be entitled to postpone payment until the month when such (accumulated) amount is due or until the amount is claimed by the Partner after the termination of this Agreement. Payments shall be made by direct bank transfer to such bank account as from time to time identified by the Partner.
5.6 The systems, books, data and records of Booking.com (including Extranet, faxes and/or emails) shall be used to calculate and considered conclusive evidence in respect of (the calculation of) the amount of the Commission due to the Partner under this Agreement.
6. REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND DISCLAIMER
6.1 The Partner hereby represents and warrants to Booking.com that for the term of this Agreement:
(i) the Partner has all necessary rights, title to, power and authority to own, operate and use the Partner Platform(s);
(ii) the Partner Platform(s) shall not (a) violate public policy and morals, or (b) contain any inappropriate, improper or unlawful content, reference, material, or links (e.g. in respect of porn or racism), defamatory statements, elements which violate the privacy of third parties or are abusive, offensive or obscene;
(iii) the Partner holds and has complied with all permits, licenses and other governmental authorisations necessary for conducting, carrying out and continuing its operations and business, and
(iv) the Partner is an independent contractor for all purposes, and will be responsible and liable for its own taxes, social contributions and all other tax related matters.
6.2 Each Party represents and warrants to the other Party that for the term of this Agreement:
(i) it has the full corporate power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement;
(ii) it has taken all corporate action required by it to authorise the execution and performance of this Agreement;
(iii) this Agreement constitutes legal valid and binding obligations of that Party in accordance with its terms.
6.3 Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, neither Party makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, in connection with the subject matter of this Agreement and hereby disclaims any and all implied warranties, including all implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose regarding such subject matter. Booking.com provides the Service on an "as is" and "as available" basis.
6.4 Each Party acknowledges the difficulties inherent to the use of the (mobile) Internet, communication and broadband, in particular, varying speeds and congestion in the (mobile) network, connections, systems and servers can cause interruptions, delays and difficulties in accessing, browsing, navigating or using a Platform. Each Party excludes any and all liability in respect of the other Party which is related to any (un-)planned or (un-)scheduled (wholly or partial) outage, downtime, interruption, breakdown or unavailability (whether for maintenance, upgrades, updates or otherwise) of the Platform, the Secured Website, the System and/or the Service.
7. INDEMNIFICATION AND LIABILITY
7.1 Each Party (the "Indemnifying Party") shall be liable towards, and compensate, indemnify and hold the other Party (the "Indemnified Party") harmless for and against any direct damages, losses (excluding any loss of production, loss of profit, loss of revenue, loss of contract, loss of or damage to goodwill or reputation, loss of claim or any special, indirect or consequential losses and/or damages), liabilities, obligations, costs, claims, claims of any kind, interest, penalties, legal proceedings and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses) actually paid, suffered or incurred by the Indemnified Party pursuant to:
(i) a breach of this Agreement by the Indemnifying Party, or
(ii) any claim from any third party based on any (alleged) infringement of the third party's Intellectual Property Right by the Indemnifying Party.
7.2 Save as otherwise provided for in this Agreement, the maximum liability of a Party for all claims made against such party by the other Party under or in connection with this Agreement in a year shall not exceed the aggregate commission received or paid by such Party in the preceding year or EUR 100,000 (whichever is higher), unless in the event of fraud or wilful misconduct of Indemnifying Party, in which event the limitation of liability is not applicable for such liable party.
7.3 In the event of a third party claim, the indemnified Party shall promptly notify the other Party and Parties shall act in good faith and use their commercially reasonable efforts to consult, cooperate and assist each other in the defence and/or settlement of such claim, whereas the indemnifying Party shall be entitled to take over a claim and assume the defence and settlement (in consultation and agreement with the indemnified Party and with due observance of both Parties' interests), and neither Party shall make any admission, file any papers, consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into any compromise or settlement without the prior written consent of the other Party (which shall not unreasonably be withheld, delayed or conditioned).
7.4 In no event shall any Party be liable to the other Party for any loss of production, loss of profit, loss of revenue, loss of contract, loss of or damage to goodwill or reputation, loss of claim or any indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages or losses whether such damages are (alleged as) a result of a breach of contract, tort or otherwise. All such damages and losses are hereby expressly waived and disclaimed.
8. TERM, TERMINATION AND SUSPENSION
8.1 Unless agreed otherwise, this Agreement shall commence on the date hereof for indefinite period of time.
8.2 Each Party may terminate this Agreement with immediate effect at any time and for any reason, by written notice to the other Party.
8.3 Each Party may terminate this Agreement or suspend this Agreement in respect of the other Party, with immediate effect and without a notice of default being required in case of:
(a) a material breach by the other Party of any term of this Agreement;
(b) (filing of a request for) bankruptcy or suspension of payment (or similar action) in respect of the other Party, or
(c) a (direct or indirect) change of Control in respect of the other Party.
8.4 In the event of a breach of Clause 4 by or attributable to the Partner, Booking.com shall be entitled to exercise the following actions and rights, notwithstanding the remedies and actions for specific performance, damage compensation or injunctive or equitable relief available by law or contract:
(a) suspension of its (payment) obligations under or termination of this Agreement with immediate effect;
(b) Booking.com shall be entitled to use a Percentage Commission Split of 0% for all bookings made and/or each Materialised Transaction during the term that the Partner breaches the relevant obligations set out in Clause 4 or has not remedied its breach of the relevant obligations as set out in Clause 4 in full.
8.5 After termination, Booking.com shall pay all outstanding commissions in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
8.6 Upon termination and save as set out otherwise, this Agreement shall absolutely and entirely terminate and cease to have effect without prejudice to Party’s rights and remedies in respect of an indemnification or a breach by the other party of this Agreement. Clause 4.1.2, 4.1.4, 4.1.5, 4.2, 4.3, 4.4.1
(i) up to and including (iii), 7, 9, 10 and 11 shall survive termination of this Agreement.
9. CONFIDENTIALITY
9.1 Parties understand and agree that in the performance of this Agreement, each Party may have access to or may be exposed to, directly or indirectly, confidential information of the other party (the "Confidential Information"). Confidential Information includes Customer Data; transaction, traffic and usage volume; marketing, financial and business plans; technical, software and operational information; information in respect of rate, product and availability parity; conversion data and the terms of this Agreement. All Confidential Information shall be treated as private and confidential and not disclosed to any (third) party.
9.2 Each Party agrees that: (a) all Confidential Information shall remain the exclusive property of the disclosing party, and the receiving party shall not use it for any purpose, except in furtherance of this Agreement, (b) it shall use prudent methods to ensure its employees, officers and agents (the "Permitted Persons") maintain the security of the Confidential Information, (c) it shall ensure that Permitted Persons do not (i) copy, publish, or divulge the Confidential Information to any third party, or (ii) use or store it in an unprotected retrieval system or data base (other than pursuant to the terms hereof), and (d) it shall return or destroy all ((hard and soft) copies of) Confidential Information upon written request of the other Party.
9.3 Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) Confidential Information shall not include any information to the extent it (i) is or becomes part of the public domain through no act or omission on the part of the receiving party, (ii) was possessed by the receiving party prior to the date of this Agreement, (iii) is disclosed to the receiving party by a third party having no obligation of confidentiality with respect thereto, or (iv) is required to be disclosed pursuant to law, court order, subpoena or governmental authority, and (b) nothing in this Agreement shall prevent, limit or restrict a Party from disclosing this Agreement (including the any technical, operational, performance and financial data (but excluding any Customer Data)) in confidence to an affiliated (group) company.
9.4 Parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to safeguard the confidentiality and privacy of Customer Data and to protect it from unauthorized use or release. Each Party agrees to comply with the applicable (data and privacy) laws, rules and regulations of the jurisdiction where such Party is incorporated (including (if applicable) Directives 95/46/EC and 2002/58/EC (as amended) on the processing of personal data and the protection of privacy).
10. MISCELLANEOUS
10.1	All notices and communications must be in English, in writing, and sent by email, facsimile or nationally recognized overnight air courier to the email address or facsimile number as identified by the relevant Party or the address set out in this Agreement. The original English version of this Agreement may have been translated into other languages. The translated version of the English Agreement is a courtesy and office translation only and the Accommodation cannot derive any rights from the translated version. In the event of a dispute about the contents or interpretation of these terms and conditions of this Agreement or in the event of a conflict, ambiguity, inconsistency or discrepancy between the English version and any other language version of this Agreement, the English language version shall prevail, apply and be binding and conclusive. The English version shall be used in legal proceedings. The English version shall be sent to you upon written request.
10.2	Each Party shall bear its own costs and expenses in connection with the entering into, execution and performance under this Agreement (including the integration and connection).
10.3	This Agreement (including the schedules, annexes and appendixes, which form an integral part of this Agreement) constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the Parties with respect to its subject matter and replaces and supersedes all prior agreements, arrangements, ((non) binding) offers, undertakings or statements regarding such subject matter.
10.4	Neither party shall be entitled to assign, transfer, encumber any of its rights and/or the obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other party. This Agreement is concluded for the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns, and nothing herein is intended to or shall implicitly confer upon any other person any legal or equitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever, under or by reason of this Agreement, except to the extent explicitly stated otherwise in this Agreement.
10.5	If any provision of this Agreement is or becomes invalid or non-binding, the Parties shall remain bound by all other provisions hereof. In that event, the Parties shall replace the invalid or non-binding provision by provisions that are valid and binding and that have, to the greatest extent possible, a similar effect as the invalid or non-binding provision, given the contents and purpose of this Agreement.
10.6	In respect of (or as an award for) the execution, delivery, sealing, registration, filing of, and/or the execution, performance or delivery under or pursuant to, this Agreement, the Partner (including its employees, directors, officers, agents or other representatives) shall (i) not directly or indirectly (a) offer, promise or give to any third party (including any governmental official or political party('s official, representative or candidate)), or (b) seek, accept or get promised for itself of for another party, any gift, payment, reward, consideration or benefit of any kind which would or could be construed as bribery or an illegal or corrupt practice, and (ii) comply with all applicable laws governing anti-bribery and corrupt gifts and practices (including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the UK Bribery Act).
10.7	The Partner hereby represents and warrants that it and its directors and (direct, indirect and ultimate (beneficial)) owners (and their directors) are not in any way connected to, part of, involved in or related to or under the control, management or ownership of:
(a) terrorists or terrorist organizations; or
(b) parties / persons (i) listed as (special) designated nationals/entities or blocked person/entities, or (ii) otherwise subject to trade embargo, or financial, economic and trade sanctions. The Partner shall immediately notify Booking.com in the event of a breach of this Clause 10.7).
11. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION
This Agreement shall be exclusively governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Netherlands. Any disputes arising out or in connection with this Agreement shall exclusively be submitted to and dealt with by the competent court in Amsterdam, the Netherlands.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF this Agreement has been executed on [_____] 2013.
_________________________ _________________________
Booking.com B.V. [__]
By: By:
Its: Its:
APPENDIX 1 Definitions
"Accommodation" means any form of paid accommodation.
"Accommodation Brands" means any term or keyword which is the same as or confusingly similar to (including any variations, translations, misspellings and singular/plural forms of) any trademarks or trade name (whether registered or unregistered) belonging to or owned by any Accommodation.
"Booking.com App" means the iPhone, iPad, Android or Blackberry (if available) application or such other app or tool for any Permitted Device made available, operated, hosted, created and/or owned by Booking.com through which the Service is made available.
"Booking.com Brands" means any term or keyword which is the same as or confusingly similar to (including any variations, translations, misspellings and singular/plural forms of) any of following term(s): Booking, Bookings, Agoda, Active Hotels, or Priceline (with or without any associated Internet domain names (with whatever (country code) top-level domain) (e.g. Booking.com, Booking.fr, ActiveHotels.com, Agoda.com, priceline.co.uk, priceline.com).
"Booking.com Competitor" means any direct or indirect competitor of Booking.com (including Accommodations).
"Booking.com Data" means the Intellectual Property Rights of Booking.com and the Content as provided to the Partner under this Agreement and such other information from time to time owned or used by Booking.com or embodied or included in Booking.com Platform or made available by Booking.com to the Partner (e.g. rates and availability).
"Commission" means the amount in Euro (excluding VAT) that Booking.com will pay to the Partner for each Materialised Transaction, which amount shall be paid to the Partner prior to and independent of any payment made by the relevant Accommodation to Booking.com.
"Content" means all (descriptive) information of Accommodations available on the Booking.com Platform including but not limited to Accommodations information and descriptions, guest reviews, details of facilities, general terms and policies of the Accommodations (including any translations thereof) and photos, video, pictures, but excluding rates and availability.
"Customer Data" means the Guest's name, address (including email address), credit card details and such other confidential and private information of a Guest.
"Intellectual Property Right" means any patent, copyright, inventions, database rights, design right, registered design, trade mark, trade name, brand, logos, service mark, know-how, utility model, unregistered design or, where relevant, any application for any such right, know-how, trade or business name, app name, domain name (with whatever (country code) top-level domain, e.g. .com, .nl, .fr, .eu) or other similar right or obligation whether registered or unregistered or other industrial or intellectual property right subsisting in any territory or jurisdiction in the world.
"Materialised Transaction(s)" means the reservation by a visitor of the Partner Platform who, through the Connection, has made a reservation with a Hotel, and which reservation has resulted in the actual provision of accommodation, as confirmed to Booking.com by the Hotel.
"Partner App" means the mobile applications owned, operated, created and/or hosted by the Partner through which the Service is made available and that runs or is available on certain Permitted Devices or through online media and software stores.
"Partner Group" means the Partner and its affiliated (group/sister/parent) companies and subsidiaries.
"Partner Platform" means the (mobile) websites, apps, platform, tools or other devices of owned, controlled, hosted and operated by the Partner on which the Service shall be made available and as specified and set out in Appendix 1.
"Permitted Device" means smart phones, notebook or tablet computer (e.g. iPad, iPhone, Blackberry, Android, Google, Microsoft) on which the Service is made available by the Partner either through the Partner App or Booking.com App.
"Platforms" means the Booking.com Platform and the websites, apps, platform, tools or other devices of its affiliated group companies and affiliated partners (including the Partner Platform) on which the Service is (made) available.
"SEM" means search engine marketing and includes any form of online marketing that seeks to promote websites, apps, platform, tools or other devices by increasing their visibility in search engine result pages through the use of search engine optimization, paid placement, contextual advertising or paid inclusion.
"SEO" means search engine optimization and includes the process of (i) improving the volume or quality of traffic to a website/webpage, app, platform, tool or other device from search engines via "natural" or un-paid ("organic" or "algorithmic") search results, or (ii) realizing or creating an improved or better ranking in search engine results for a specific keyword or keywords.
"Service" online accommodation reservation service operated through the System through which participating Accommodations can make their rooms available for reservation, and through which visitors can make reservations at such Accommodations.
"System" means the online accommodation reservation system as operated by Booking.com.
"Third Party Platforms" means any (third party) search engine (marketing provider), website, app, platform, tool or other device, meta-search engine, search engines spiders, travel search sites, price comparison sites, social networking communities, browsers, content sharing and hosting services and multimedia blogging services or other (similar) channels or other forms of (traffic hosting) media, whether online or offline.
"Transaction Fee" means the fee received by Booking.com from each Accommodations for each Materialised Transaction.
APPENDIX 2 Partner Registration Form
Contact details Partner
Company name:
Address:
Postal Code:
City:
Country:
Contact person:
Telephone:
Email:
Mobile phone:
Bank Details:
Bank Name:
Bank Country:
Account number:
SWIFT/BIC code:
IBAN code:
Name account holder:
City / Country:
Financial contact person (if different from above)
Contact person:
Telephone:
Email:
Mobile phone:
Service
Link, Micro Site or XML
□ Link* □ Micro Site** □ XML
* Link – Embedded icon or link pointing to a Booking.com url
**Micro Site – A white-label version of Booking.com
In the event that the Service is made available through the XML, the terms and conditions as set out in Appendix 3 shall apply. The terms and conditions as set out in Appendix 3 shall form an integral part of this Agreement and must be read in conjunction with this Agreement.
Branding
□ Booking branded □ Co branded □ Private label
Partner Platform(s):
http://
http://
Price Comparison □ no □ yes, on the following Partner Platform(s):
http://
http://
APPENDIX 3
(XML Guidelines)
12. LINGUISTIC DISCREPANCIES
The original English version of this Agreement is translated into Portuguese. The translated version of this Agreement is a courtesy and office translation only and the Partner cannot derive any rights from the translated version. In the event of a dispute about the contents or interpretation of these terms and conditions of this Agreement or in the event of a conflict, ambiguity, inconsistency or discrepancy between the English version and any other language version of this Agreement, the English language version shall apply and prevail and be conclusive and binding. The English version shall be used in legal proceedings.








What can Booking.com for Travel Agents do for my business?

Inspire your customers and increase your income


The Travel Agents Program connects you to the world’s most popular online booking platform – 1,534,024 properties and counting! With so many accommodation options, it’s easy to find your customers the perfect place to stay.

With our all-in-one program, you can easily make bookings on behalf of your customers and earn commission while you're doing it.

Whether you’re an independent travel agent or part of an association, setting up your partner account is hassle-free. Join us today to start enjoying all the benefits of being a Booking.com partner!













Huge Selection


With tons of ever-growing accommodation options at your fingertips, you can match your customers with the perfect properties – the possibilities are endless.





No Setup Costs


You’ll also be happy to hear that there aren't any installation fees when joining this program. With no risk involved, it’s all about bringing benefits to your business.





Free Cancellations


Plans change, we get that. That’s why a growing number of our properties offer you the flexibility of free cancellations.







Payment Options


For specific properties, you can pay the reservation in advance. The customer then pays you directly, and your company account is charged.





Convenient


We like things uncomplicated, so that means you have a smooth, user-friendly program. Also good to know, your customers will be able to contact our dedicated support team – the agents speak more than 40 languages and counting!





Travel Guides


On top of smart tools and products, we also give you access to our inspirational travel guides! Written by frequent travelers, they’re full of helpful hints and tips.








Watch & Learn: How to Manage Reservations














Not ready to sign up yet?

No worries, we’ll keep you informed about updates and new features.




Subscribe now









Looking to register a property?

Follow
this link to register a property.



Questions?

The answer might be in our
Frequently Asked Questions.



Still need help?

If our FAQs couldn't help, feel free to
contact us
anytime!











About Us



Privacy Statement



Booking.com


© Copyright
Booking.com







































