











Discover Spain | Booking.com






























































































part of The Priceline Group






$






Loading















Choose your preferred language. We speak English (US) and 42 other languages.



Most often used by people in the United States








English (US)










English (UK)












Español










简体中文












日本語










한국어







All languages








English (UK)










English (US)










Deutsch










Nederlands










Français










Español










Español (AR)










Català










Italiano










Português (PT)










Português (BR)










Norsk










Suomi










Svenska










Dansk












Čeština










Magyar










Română










日本語










简体中文










繁體中文










Polski










Ελληνικά










Русский










Türkçe










Български










العربية










한국어










עברית










Latviski












Українська










Bahasa Indonesia










Bahasa Malaysia










ภาษาไทย










Eesti










Hrvatski










Lietuvių










Slovenčina










Srpski










Slovenščina










Tiếng Việt










Filipino










Íslenska












Refer Friends & Earn





List Your Property







Register







Sign in











Accommodations



Flights



Packages


Trains

Buses


Rental Cars



Airport Taxis



Restaurants









Home








Discover







Spain














Spain





Top Cities








If old town, architecture and beaches are your thing, don’t miss out on Valencia!

Former hosts of the European Grand Prix, Valencians take their sport seriously and so they should. Try to take in a match at the 75,000-seater Valencia FC stadium to experience the electric atmosphere. 
As Spain’s 3rd largest city, Valencia has wild nightlife, so if that’s your cup of tea, city center hostels are a great choice. Alternatively, Booking.com also has guesthouses, central apartments and even hotels near Valencia Airport.







Valencia


764 hotels
248,508 hotel reviews









Travelers choose Malaga for old town, beaches and food.

A more modern history can be appreciated by visiting the birthplace of Picasso and a museum full of exhibitions by Malaga's most famous resident. A more relaxed Spanish city than Madrid and Barcelona, ​​Malaga is still the gateway to the Costa del Sol and the busy Malaga Airport is only 6 miles from the center of town. 
From budget hostels to 5-star luxury hotels, with Booking.com you're sure to find the perfect place to stay for your sunny vacation.







Malaga


843 hotels
210,521 hotel reviews









Madrid is highly rated by travelers for museums, culture and shopping.

Real Madrid plays at Santiago Bernabeu and Atlético Madrid competes at Vicente Calderón Stadium, two opportunities that no sports fan will want to miss. The popular Salamanca district is a great place to look for boutique gifts and unique shops. 
Thanks to great public transportation system, getting to the city center from Madrid Barajas International Airport is very easy. Whether you’re looking for luxury hotels, budget hostels or comfy apartments, Booking.com has a perfect place to stay for your Madrid holiday.







Madrid


1,733 hotels
943,902 hotel reviews









Benidorm is a great choice for travelers interested in beaches, nightlife and entertainment.







Benidorm


524 hotels
105,111 hotel reviews









Barcelona is highly rated by travelers for architecture, sightseeing and culture.

The city 's most popular food in Barceloneta has plenty of popular restaurants serving seafood and tapas. If it's shopping you're after, visit Gracia and return to Ciutat Vella for small shops full of souvenirs, boutiques and fresh produce. 
Getting to Barcelona is an easy trip from El Prat International, Girona or Reus Airports. Find modern hotels, fancy apartments and cheap hostels on Booking.com. We're sure to have the perfect accommodation for your vacation!







Barcelona


2,097 hotels
1,069,665 hotel reviews









Put beaches, restaurants and food on your to-do list for your next trip to Alicante!

Barrio de la Santa Cruz is the historic quarter, featuring narrow streets, old houses and cobbled steps. Framed by palm trees and covered with a snaking pattern of white, red and blue tiles, the Explanada de Espana is considered one of Spain’s most beautiful promenades. 
After arriving at Alicante Airport, indulge yourself in a resort near San Juan beach, or enjoy the view of luxurious yachts moored at the marina from a cozy B&B;: Booking.com has the perfect spot for you to discover the magic of Alicante!







Alicante


363 hotels
88,313 hotel reviews






Top Hotels








On Playa d’en Bossa Beach, the adults-only Ushuaia Ibiza features a spa and 2 outdoor pools with large lounge chairs. Guests can enjoy free admission to live DJ performances hosted by the hotel.

“Excellent Hotel - beach resort  10/10”







Ushuaia Ibiza Beach Hotel - Adults Only


Average Review Score: 8.2








Hard Rock Hotel Ibiza is located right on the beachfront in Playa d'en Bossa. This modern hotel has a large open-air stage hosting prestigious weekly concerts.

“The hotel is a typical Hard Rock Hotel. The rooms were nice and spacious and the bath / jacuzzi / shower room was magnificent with excellent views! A nice balcony overlooking the sea.The beach is lovely Sonia the pool area but we didn't get to use it as it was raining. Point to remember is not to go to Ibiza in the low season. It is dead. Nothing happening. But this gave us a chance to explore the island.”







Hard Rock Hotel Ibiza


Average Review Score: 8.7








Camping Doñana Playa is set in a privileged location within the Doñana National Park. It offers 3 seasonal outdoor pools, a tennis and paddle court, horse riding and bicycle hire.

“Lovely setting near to beach path.Close to supermarket on site.Lots of shade from tree canopy. Real wood cabin experience. Close to Nature Reserve and several Beaches.”







Camping Doñana Playa


Average Review Score: 7.2








The Hard Rock Hotel Tenerife is a luxurious beachfront hotel set in a tranquil residential area of Costa Adeje. It features 3 swimming pools, a saltwater lagoon, and free WiFi.

“Cool staff,
Super clean,
Awesome breakfast until 11AM,
Room facilities (hot tub, bose soundsystem, stylish bathroom,..),
Quality shows all day long (DJs, live music,..),
General good atmosphere in the complex,
So perfect that we separately booked 2 extra nights.”







Hard Rock Hotel Tenerife


Average Review Score: 8.9








Located on Mojácar’s Cantal Beach, Best Club Vacaciones Pueblo Indalo features charming Arabian-style architecture. It offers a tennis court and 2 outdoor pools, surrounded by gardens.

“Everything was very clean and staff were happy and smiley.”







Best Club Vacaciones Pueblo Indalo


Average Review Score: 8.2








Hotel Best Alcazar offers well-equipped and apartments and rooms set around a large seasonal outdoor swimming pool. Located 1.2 km from Herradura Beach, it features a spa and free WiFi.

“Quiet very clean Rooms with great Sea-Marina views ,good food and service. Mostly Spanish clientele”







Hotel Best Alcazar


Average Review Score: 7.6





Areas of Interest or Regions in Spain









Andalucía


9,261 hotels
1,833,361 hotel reviews


food, old town and beaches are just a few reasons why you’ll love Andalucía.





Aragon


1,504 hotels
276,319 hotel reviews


Travelers choose Aragon for tranquillity, nature and scenery.





Asturias


1,361 hotels
205,645 hotel reviews


Asturias is a great choice for travelers interested in scenery, tranquillity and nature.





Balearic Islands


4,153 hotels
534,437 hotel reviews


Balearic Islands – the ideal getaway for beaches, relaxation and tranquillity!





Basque Country


1,268 hotels
334,929 hotel reviews


If food, tapas and scenery are your thing, don’t miss out on Basque Country!





Canary Islands


5,662 hotels
567,988 hotel reviews


Put relaxation, beaches and tranquillity on your to-do list for your next trip to Canary Islands!





Cantabria


981 hotels
191,918 hotel reviews


You'll love tranquillity, scenery and nature during your next trip to Cantabria!





Castilla-La Mancha


1,143 hotels
203,943 hotel reviews


old town, tranquillity and history are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy Castilla-La Mancha.





Castile and Leon


2,139 hotels
529,061 hotel reviews


monuments, old town and tranquillity are just a few reasons why you’ll love Castile and Leon.





Catalonia


8,768 hotels
2,015,486 hotel reviews


Catalonia is highly rated by travelers for beaches, tranquillity and architecture.





Galicia


1,920 hotels
410,603 hotel reviews


Galicia is a great choice for travelers interested in tranquillity, food and scenery.





La Rioja


275 hotels
58,060 hotel reviews


Put wine, tapas and food on your to-do list for your next trip to La Rioja!





Community of Madrid


2,199 hotels
1,038,548 hotel reviews


Community of Madrid is highly rated by travelers for museums, culture and shopping.





Murcia


751 hotels
90,242 hotel reviews


If tranquillity, beaches and relaxation are your thing, don’t miss out on Murcia!





Navarre


514 hotels
94,518 hotel reviews


You'll love tranquillity, old town and nature during your next trip to Navarre!





Extremadura


772 hotels
142,306 hotel reviews


old town, monuments and tranquillity are just a few reasons why you’ll love Extremadura.





Valencia Community


6,149 hotels
739,012 hotel reviews


Travelers choose Valencia Community for beaches, food and tranquillity.



Discover other great regions in this country







We've negotiated with thousands of hotels
to get the very best deals. We call them Secret Deals and they only last for a limited time.

You can get these deals for free
by subscribing to our newsletters. You can even choose your favorite destinations to receive personalized deals.

Get started now by entering your email address.
We'll instantly send you a link to our Deal Finder!

Don't worry – your email address is safe with us.
We'll never share your private information and you can unsubscribe at any time.




Sign up for our newsletter and get first pick on discounts of 20% or more!



Please enter a valid email address

Sorry, it seems as though you’ve subscribed several times already. This may be a glitch, so please try again later.

Sorry, we’ve encountered an error. Please try again later.






My first name is


My email address is


Sign up





Your sign-up was successful
Soon you'll receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations!

You're done! You can close this window.




Thanks
Your sign-up was successful! We'll send you the latest on our half-price deals.

You can always manage your subscriptions by signing in to your account. You're done! You can close this window.

























Save time, save money!

Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you



Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals



Subscribe



Send me a link to get the FREE Booking.com app!


Please enter a valid email address.

Oops! An error has occurred.

Oops! An error has occurred.

You're subscribed! Your welcome email will arrive in your inbox soon.













Tablet version
|


Mobile version
|


Your Account



Make changes online to your booking









Become an affiliate



Booking.com for Business
























Countries



Regions



Cities



Districts



Airports



Hotels



Places of Interest







Vacation Rentals



Apartments



Resorts



Villas



Hostels



B&Bs;



Guesthouses







All Property Types



All Themes



Reviews



Unpacked: Travel articles







Car Rental



Flight Finder



Restaurant Reservations



Seek&Go;



Booking.com for Travel Agents







About Booking.com



Give website feedback





Customer Service Help



Careers



Press Center



Terms & Conditions



Privacy & Cookies



Contact Us







Booking.com B.V. is based in Amsterdam in the Netherlands, and is supported internationally by
198 offices
in 70 countries.






Copyright © 1996–2017
Booking.com™. All rights reserved.









Booking.com is part of The Priceline Group, the world leader in online travel & related services.



























Verified reviews from real guests.
We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from
real, verified guests.



How does it work?





1




It starts with a booking

The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property.








2




Followed by a trip

When guests stay at the property, they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff is, and more.








3




And finally, a review

After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site.





If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first.


Sign in and leave a review




«



































»





Su

Mo

Tu

We

Th

Fr

Sa




















































Close calendar





Sign in

Register





Loading...










Email Address



Booking.com Password




Forgot your password?





Or sign in with one click




Facebook



Google




Make changes to a booking with your
confirmation number and PIN



By logging into an account, you're agreeing with our
Terms & Conditions
and
Privacy Statement










Forgot your password?

Enter your email address and we'll send you a link to reset your password

Email address



Cancel



Email Sent

Please check your email and click the link to reset your password


Back to sign in









Enter your email address and we'll resend your confirmation







Please enter a valid email address.




For your most recent booking




For up to 5 of your most recent bookings



Resend






We've resent your requested confirmations to


Please note that email delivery can take up to 10 minutes

Close





Sorry, we were unable to resend your requested confirmations




Please check your email address and try again









Loading...














Email Address


Create Password







Or




Facebook



Google




Interested in
Booking.com for Business?


Make changes to a booking with your
confirmation number and PIN












Forgot your password?

Enter your email address and we'll send you a link to reset your password

Email address



Cancel



Email Sent

Please check your email and click the link to reset your password


Back to sign in




By creating an account, you're agreeing with our
Terms and Conditions
and
Privacy Statement
.


Become a Booking.com host!
Add your property here






View All Bookings


No registration required

Loading...











Where can I find this information?






Change dates

Edit guest details

Contact the property

Upgrade room

Cancel booking

And more...








Sign in or create an account
to see all your bookings

Can't find your confirmation email?



We'll resend it to you





Enter your email address and we'll resend your confirmation







Please enter a valid email address.




For your most recent booking




For up to 5 of your most recent bookings



Resend






We've resent your requested confirmations to


Please note that email delivery can take up to 10 minutes





Sorry, we were unable to resend your requested confirmations




Please check your email address and try again








Cancel






Loading...



Two Factor Authentication

A text message with a 6-digit verification code was just sent to the phone number associated with this account.


Enter your verification code:





Resend verification code





Other options




Loading...






364162,361470,363765,337446,362817,269862,356818,362211,362492,360761,358872,337446|1,352588,355298,343712,358531