











Discover Croatia | Booking.com






























































































part of The Priceline Group






$






Loading















Choose your preferred language. We speak English (US) and 42 other languages.



Most often used by people in the United States








English (US)










English (UK)












Español










简体中文












日本語










한국어







All languages








English (UK)










English (US)










Deutsch










Nederlands










Français










Español










Español (AR)










Català










Italiano










Português (PT)










Português (BR)










Norsk










Suomi










Svenska










Dansk












Čeština










Magyar










Română










日本語










简体中文










繁體中文










Polski










Ελληνικά










Русский










Türkçe










Български










العربية










한국어










עברית










Latviski












Українська










Bahasa Indonesia










Bahasa Malaysia










ภาษาไทย










Eesti










Hrvatski










Lietuvių










Slovenčina










Srpski










Slovenščina










Tiếng Việt










Filipino










Íslenska












Refer Friends & Earn





List Your Property







Register







Sign in











Accommodations



Flights



Packages


Trains

Buses


Rental Cars



Airport Taxis



Restaurants









Home








Discover







Croatia














Croatia





Top Cities








Travelers choose Zagreb for old town, food and architecture.

To get a different perspective on the city, climb Medvenica, a mountain over 3280 ft tall overlooking Zagreb, and admire the views while sipping famous Croatian wine. And while you’re there, don’t forget to visit the Medvedgrad fortress.  
Zagreb Airport is just 11 miles and a short bus ride from the city. Whether you’re looking for an elegant hotel, classic apartment or cozy hostel, Booking.com has about 80 accommodations options for you to choose from!







Zagreb


1,076 hotels
132,381 hotel reviews









You'll love old town, sunsets and history during your next trip to Zadar!







Zadar


1,274 hotels
73,753 hotel reviews









old town, history and sightseeing are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy Split.

Make sure you visit the Bačvice Beach and the Riva promenade, popular with locals and full of cafés and palm trees. While on the hunt for local specialities, try soparnik - wood fired dough filled with vegetables - or local soft drinks Pipi and Orela. 
So just pack your bags and head to Split Airport! Booking.com has plenty of sunny apartments, friendly guest houses and well-equipped hotels for your Split adventure.







Split


2,147 hotels
118,662 hotel reviews









old town, oceanside and relaxation are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy Rovinj.







Rovinj


685 hotels
49,760 hotel reviews









Try Poreč for your next trip and enjoy old town, oceanside and relaxation while you’re there!







Poreč


427 hotels
39,168 hotel reviews









Put old town, history and sightseeing on your to-do list for your next trip to Dubrovnik!

The city’s cable car will take you up to Mount Srd from where you can savoir panoramic views over the treasures of this UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Buses connect Dubrovnik Airport with the city center, and Booking.com has a variety of hotels, apartments, and guesthouses throughout.







Dubrovnik


1,485 hotels
125,061 hotel reviews






Top Hotels








Located about 50 metres from a pebbly and rocky beach, Hotel Delfin is surrounded with lush greenery and offers an outdoor saltwater swimming pool, as well as a sun terrace equipped with sun loungers....

“The owner is a very friendly and kind guy who welcomed us with his home made liquor, which was pretty good one. The location is excellent if you are visiting Plitvicka lakes. Free wifi, plenty of space for parking, clean and quiet room (it is not located by the main road, which is good). Excellent value for money. I would recommend this apartment to everybody for a short stay.”







Hotel Delfin


Average Review Score: 7.3








Offering lots of activities for kids and adults, the Zaton Holiday Resort is located 3 km from ancient Nin and 15 km from Zadar. It has its own beach and 2 pools.

“Wonderful vacation as always. We've been there many times and weather, people, resort, activities, food, accommodation is perfect. I can see also improvements every year even though it is already perfect.”







Zaton Holiday Resort


Average Review Score: 8.1








Inside the Golden Cape Natural Park, Hotel Lone features a terrace and a spa area. The hotel is 215 yards from the sea and a 15-minute walk from central Rovinj.

“Very nice, clean room (grand double room), Wi-fi good coverage and reception (2nd floor), very professional and welcoming staff. Room service prompt.”







Hotel Lone


Average Review Score: 9.3








Featuring a Spa Centre with 6 hot tubs, an indoor and 2 outdoor pools, Hotel Laguna Parentium is only 50 yards from the beach in Poreč.

“What a level of service! Great facilities,...”







Hotel Laguna Parentium


Average Review Score: 9.2








Completely renovated in 2009, the family-friendly Hotel Vespera is surrounded by pine trees, 50 metres from the sea in the Sunny Bay 2 km from the centre of Mali Lošinj.

“Excellent choice and variety of food, excellent program for kids, staff very quick and professional. All in all, very warm recomendation for families, couples or singles.”







Family Hotel Vespera


Average Review Score: 8.8








Situated within the Solaris Beach Resort, Kids Hotel Andrija is surrounded with Mediterranean greenery, while the 4-km long beach is just 50 metres away.

“Big room with comfortable beds, great balcony, nice surrounding and a lot of different entertainment options for kids”







Kids Hotel Andrija


Average Review Score: 9





Areas of Interest or Regions in Croatia









Istria


6,787 hotels
276,618 hotel reviews


Travelers choose Istria for oceanside, relaxation and old town.





Lika-Senj County


1,442 hotels
74,058 hotel reviews


Try Lika-Senj County for your next trip and enjoy nature, lakes and nature walks while you’re there!





Primorsko-Goranska županija


5,162 hotels
156,261 hotel reviews


Primorsko-Goranska županija is a great choice for travelers interested in oceanside, relaxation and tranquillity.





Karlovac county


398 hotels
36,431 hotel reviews


Don’t miss out on Karlovac county! Top destination for nature, waterfalls and lakes.





Krapina-Zagorje County


57 hotels
4,377 hotel reviews


nature, health spas and relaxation are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy Krapina-Zagorje County.





Zagreb County


103 hotels
9,015 hotel reviews


Don’t miss out on Zagreb County! Top destination for friendly locals, relaxation and budget friendly travel.





Varaždin County


29 hotels
2,641 hotel reviews


You'll love old town, city walks and castles during your next trip to Varaždin County!





Sisak-Moslavina County


30 hotels
868 hotel reviews


Sisak-Moslavina County is highly rated by travelers for nature, tranquillity and cycling.





Koprivnica-Križevci County


14 hotels
399 hotel reviews


Koprivnica-Križevci County is a great choice for travelers interested in local food, tourist attractions and countryside.





Bjelovar-Bilogora County


22 hotels
547 hotel reviews


Don’t miss out on Bjelovar-Bilogora County! Top destination for nature, parks and health spas.





Virovitica-Podravina County


7 hotels
178 hotel reviews


If nature, budget friendly travel and countryside are your thing, don’t miss out on Virovitica-Podravina County!





Požega-Slavonia County


11 hotels
271 hotel reviews


You'll love wine, vineyards and scenery during your next trip to Požega-Slavonia County!





Brod-Posavina County


32 hotels
2,349 hotel reviews


Try Brod-Posavina County for your next trip and enjoy friendly locals, tranquillity and ambiance while you’re there!





Osječko-baranjska županija


115 hotels
4,571 hotel reviews


friendly locals, old town and food are just a few reasons why you’ll love Osječko-baranjska županija.





Vukovar-Syrmia County


30 hotels
1,319 hotel reviews


Travelers choose Vukovar-Syrmia County for history, friendly locals and food.





Međimurje County


30 hotels
2,999 hotel reviews


Međimurje County is highly rated by travelers for relaxation, swimming pools and health spas.





Dubrovnik-Neretva County


3,770 hotels
173,833 hotel reviews


Dubrovnik-Neretva County – the ideal getaway for old town, scenery and history!





Split-Dalmatia County


9,438 hotels
267,122 hotel reviews


beaches, old town and oceanside are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy Split-Dalmatia County.





Zadar County


4,558 hotels
117,815 hotel reviews


Zadar County is a great choice for travelers interested in old town, oceanside and relaxation.





Sibenik-Knin County


2,463 hotels
52,212 hotel reviews


Sibenik-Knin County – the ideal getaway for oceanside, relaxation and beaches!





Pozega-Slavonia County


11 hotels
271 hotel reviews


Put wine, vineyards and scenery on your to-do list for your next trip to Pozega-Slavonia County!



Discover other great regions in this country







We've negotiated with thousands of hotels
to get the very best deals. We call them Secret Deals and they only last for a limited time.

You can get these deals for free
by subscribing to our newsletters. You can even choose your favorite destinations to receive personalized deals.

Get started now by entering your email address.
We'll instantly send you a link to our Deal Finder!

Don't worry – your email address is safe with us.
We'll never share your private information and you can unsubscribe at any time.




Sign up for our newsletter and get first pick on discounts of 20% or more!



Please enter a valid email address

Sorry, it seems as though you’ve subscribed several times already. This may be a glitch, so please try again later.

Sorry, we’ve encountered an error. Please try again later.






My first name is


My email address is


Sign up





Your sign-up was successful
Soon you'll receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations!

You're done! You can close this window.




Thanks
Your sign-up was successful! We'll send you the latest on our half-price deals.

You can always manage your subscriptions by signing in to your account. You're done! You can close this window.

























Save time, save money!

Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you



Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals



Subscribe



Send me a link to get the FREE Booking.com app!


Please enter a valid email address.

Oops! An error has occurred.

Oops! An error has occurred.

You're subscribed! Your welcome email will arrive in your inbox soon.













Tablet version
|


Mobile version
|


Your Account



Make changes online to your booking









Become an affiliate



Booking.com for Business
























Countries



Regions



Cities



Districts



Airports



Hotels



Places of Interest







Vacation Rentals



Apartments



Resorts



Villas



Hostels



B&Bs;



Guesthouses







All Property Types



All Themes



Reviews



Unpacked: Travel articles







Car Rental



Flight Finder



Restaurant Reservations



Seek&Go;



Booking.com for Travel Agents







About Booking.com



Give website feedback





Customer Service Help



Careers



Press Center



Terms & Conditions



Privacy & Cookies



Contact Us







Booking.com B.V. is based in Amsterdam in the Netherlands, and is supported internationally by
198 offices
in 70 countries.






Copyright © 1996–2017
Booking.com™. All rights reserved.









Booking.com is part of The Priceline Group, the world leader in online travel & related services.



























Verified reviews from real guests.
We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from
real, verified guests.



How does it work?





1




It starts with a booking

The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property.








2




Followed by a trip

When guests stay at the property, they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff is, and more.








3




And finally, a review

After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site.





If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first.


Sign in and leave a review




«



































»





Su

Mo

Tu

We

Th

Fr

Sa




















































Close calendar





Sign in

Register





Loading...










Email Address



Booking.com Password




Forgot your password?





Or sign in with one click




Facebook



Google




Make changes to a booking with your
confirmation number and PIN



By logging into an account, you're agreeing with our
Terms & Conditions
and
Privacy Statement










Forgot your password?

Enter your email address and we'll send you a link to reset your password

Email address



Cancel



Email Sent

Please check your email and click the link to reset your password


Back to sign in









Enter your email address and we'll resend your confirmation







Please enter a valid email address.




For your most recent booking




For up to 5 of your most recent bookings



Resend






We've resent your requested confirmations to


Please note that email delivery can take up to 10 minutes

Close





Sorry, we were unable to resend your requested confirmations




Please check your email address and try again









Loading...














Email Address


Create Password







Or




Facebook



Google




Interested in
Booking.com for Business?


Make changes to a booking with your
confirmation number and PIN












Forgot your password?

Enter your email address and we'll send you a link to reset your password

Email address



Cancel



Email Sent

Please check your email and click the link to reset your password


Back to sign in




By creating an account, you're agreeing with our
Terms and Conditions
and
Privacy Statement
.


Become a Booking.com host!
Add your property here






View All Bookings


No registration required

Loading...











Where can I find this information?






Change dates

Edit guest details

Contact the property

Upgrade room

Cancel booking

And more...








Sign in or create an account
to see all your bookings

Can't find your confirmation email?



We'll resend it to you





Enter your email address and we'll resend your confirmation







Please enter a valid email address.




For your most recent booking




For up to 5 of your most recent bookings



Resend






We've resent your requested confirmations to


Please note that email delivery can take up to 10 minutes





Sorry, we were unable to resend your requested confirmations




Please check your email address and try again








Cancel






Loading...



Two Factor Authentication

A text message with a 6-digit verification code was just sent to the phone number associated with this account.


Enter your verification code:





Resend verification code





Other options




Loading...






358531,355298,362211,337446,358872,343712,356818,362817,337446|1,360761,362492,363765,352588,364162,269862,275824