






























































































Booking.com:
About Booking.com.













part of The Priceline Group






$






Loading















Choose your preferred language. We speak English (US) and 42 other languages.



Most often used by people in the United States








English (US)










English (UK)












Español










简体中文












日本語










한국어







All languages








English (UK)










English (US)










Deutsch










Nederlands










Français










Español










Español (AR)










Català










Italiano










Português (PT)










Português (BR)










Norsk










Suomi










Svenska










Dansk












Čeština










Magyar










Română










日本語










简体中文










繁體中文










Polski










Ελληνικά










Русский










Türkçe










Български










العربية










한국어










עברית










Latviski












Українська










Bahasa Indonesia










Bahasa Malaysia










ภาษาไทย










Eesti










Hrvatski










Lietuvių










Slovenčina










Srpski










Slovenščina










Tiếng Việt










Filipino










Íslenska












Refer Friends & Earn





List Your Property







Register







Sign in











Accommodations



Flights



Packages


Trains

Buses


Rental Cars



Airport Taxis



Restaurants


















About Booking.com™

Legal


Law Enforcement Guidelines


Offices Worldwide

Contact Us


Press Center


Career Opportunities

Booking.com Cares

Add Your Property

Booking.com for Business

Extranet Login

Become an Affiliate







About Booking.com™

Established in 1996 in Amsterdam, Booking.com has grown from a small Dutch startup to one of the largest travel e-commerce companies in the world.
Part of The Priceline Group (NASDAQ: PCLN), Booking.com now employs more than 15,000 employees
in 198 offices,
in 70 countries worldwide.

With a mission to
empower people to experience the world
, Booking.com invests in digital technology that helps take the friction out of travel. At Booking.com, we connect travelers with the world’s largest selection of incredible places to stay – including everything from apartments, vacation homes, and family-run B&Bs;, to 5-star luxury resorts, tree houses, and even igloos. 
The Booking.com website and mobile apps are available in over 40 languages,
offer 1,534,024 properties,
and cover 123,159 destinations
in 228 countries and territories worldwide.

Every day, more than 1,550,000 room nights are reserved on our platform. So whether traveling for business or leisure, customers can instantly book their ideal accommodations quickly and easily with Booking.com – without booking fees and backed by our promise to price match.
Through our Customer Experience Team, customers can reach Booking.com 24/7 for assistance and support in over 40 languages, anytime day or night.










Booking.com B.V. is based in Amsterdam in the Netherlands, and is supported internationally by 198 offices in over 70 countries around the world: Accra - Amman - Amsterdam - Antalya - Athens - Atlanta - Auckland - Bangalore - Bangkok - Barcelona - Beijing - Berlin - Bilbao - Bogotá - Bolzano - Bordeaux - Boston - Bratislava - Brisbane - Bristol - Brussels - Bucharest - Budapest - Buenos Aires - Cairo - Calgary - Cambridge - Cancún - Cape Town - Casablanca - Catania - Chengdu - Chicago - Colombo - Copenhagen - Dallas - Denver - Dubai - Dublin - Dubrovnik - Dusseldorf - Edinburgh - Faro - Florence - Frankfurt am Main - Freiburg im Breisgau - Fukuoka - Grand Rapids - Guadalajara - Guangzhou - Haikou - Hamburg - Hanoi - Helsinki - Heraklion - Ho Chi Minh City - Hong Kong - Honolulu - Houston - Innsbruck - Istanbul - İzmir - Jakarta - Jeddah - Jeju - Johannesburg - Kiev - Koh Samui - Krakow - Kuala Lumpur - Kuta (Bali) - Las Palmas de Gran Canaria - Las Vegas - Lille - Lima - Limassol - Lisbon - Ljubljana - London - Los Angeles - Lyon - Madrid - Málaga - Manchester - Manila - Marrakech - Melbourne - Mexico City - Miami - Milan - Montpellier - Montréal - Moscow - Mumbai - Munich - Naha - Nairobi - Natal - New Delhi - New Orleans - New York - Nice - Norwalk - Orlando - Osaka - Oslo - Palma de Mallorca - Panama City - Paris - Phoenix - Phuket - Porto Alegre - Prague - Qingdao - Rennes - Reykjavík - Riga - Rimini - Rio de Janeiro - Rome - Saint Petersburg - Sallanches - Salzburg - San Diego - San Francisco - San Jose - San Juan - Santiago - Santo Domingo - São Paulo - Sapporo - Seattle - Seoul - Seville - Shanghai - Siem Reap - Singapore - Sochi - Sofia - Sorrento - Split - Stockholm - Strasbourg - Sydney - Taipei - Tallinn - Tbilisi - Tel Aviv - Thessaloníki - Tokyo - Toronto - Trabzon - Vancouver - Venice - Verona - Vienna - Vilnius - Warsaw - Washington - Xi'an - Yangon - Yogyakarta - Zagreb - Zurich

Booking.com B.V. is registered with the trade register of the Chamber of Commerce in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, under registration number 31047344. VAT tax registration number is NL805734958B01. Registration number with Dutch Data Protection Authority is 1288246.









What Booking.com Offers




Incredible Selection

Whether you want to stay in a chic city apartment, a luxury beach resort, or a cozy B&B; in the countryside, Booking.com gives you amazing diversity and variety of choice – all in one place.


Low Rates

Booking.com guarantees to offer you the best available rates. And with our promise to price match, you can rest assured that you’re always getting a great deal.


Instant Confirmation

At Booking.com, every reservation is instantly confirmed. When you find your perfect stay, a few clicks are all it takes.


No Reservation Fees

We don’t charge you any booking fees or add any administrative charges. And in many cases, your booking can be canceled free of charge.


Secure Booking

We facilitate hundreds of thousands of transactions every day through our secure platform and work to the highest standards to guarantee your privacy. For more details, check our
Privacy Statement
.


24/7 Support

Whether you’ve just booked or are already enjoying your trip, our Customer Experience Team is available around the clock to answer your questions and advocate on your behalf in more than 40 languages. Make sure to check out our
FAQs
for travelers.










Bringing Value to Our Accommodation Partners



At Booking.com, we believe that all great properties deserve to be discovered. That’s why we make it quick and easy for accommodation providers all around the world to market their properties, reach new customers, and grow their business through our platform.

For more info and to list your property on Booking.com, see our
Accommodation Partner Program
.












We've negotiated with thousands of hotels
to get the very best deals. We call them Secret Deals and they only last for a limited time.

You can get these deals for free
by subscribing to our newsletters. You can even choose your favorite destinations to receive personalized deals.

Get started now by entering your email address.
We'll instantly send you a link to our Deal Finder!

Don't worry – your email address is safe with us.
We'll never share your private information and you can unsubscribe at any time.




Sign up for our newsletter and get first pick on discounts of 20% or more!



Please enter a valid email address

Sorry, it seems as though you’ve subscribed several times already. This may be a glitch, so please try again later.

Sorry, we’ve encountered an error. Please try again later.






My first name is


My email address is


Sign up





Your sign-up was successful
Soon you'll receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations!

You're done! You can close this window.




Thanks
Your sign-up was successful! We'll send you the latest on our half-price deals.

You can always manage your subscriptions by signing in to your account. You're done! You can close this window.



























Save time, save money!

Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you



Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals



Subscribe



Send me a link to get the FREE Booking.com app!


Please enter a valid email address.

Oops! An error has occurred.

Oops! An error has occurred.

You're subscribed! Your welcome email will arrive in your inbox soon.













Tablet version
|


Mobile version
|


Your Account



Make changes online to your booking









Become an affiliate



Booking.com for Business
























Countries



Regions



Cities



Districts



Airports



Hotels



Places of Interest







Vacation Rentals



Apartments



Resorts



Villas



Hostels



B&Bs;



Guesthouses







All Property Types



All Themes



Reviews



Unpacked: Travel articles







Car Rental



Flight Finder



Restaurant Reservations



Seek&Go;



Booking.com for Travel Agents






About Booking.com


Give website feedback





Customer Service Help



Careers



Press Center



Terms & Conditions



Privacy & Cookies



Contact Us







Booking.com B.V. is based in Amsterdam in the Netherlands, and is supported internationally by
198 offices
in 70 countries.






Copyright © 1996–2017
Booking.com™. All rights reserved.









Booking.com is part of The Priceline Group, the world leader in online travel & related services.




























Verified reviews from real guests.
We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from
real, verified guests.



How does it work?





1




It starts with a booking

The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property.








2




Followed by a trip

When guests stay at the property, they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff is, and more.








3




And finally, a review

After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site.





If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first.


Sign in and leave a review




«



































»





Su

Mo

Tu

We

Th

Fr

Sa




















































Close calendar





Sign in

Register





Loading...










Email Address



Booking.com Password




Forgot your password?





Or sign in with one click




Facebook



Google




Make changes to a booking with your
confirmation number and PIN



By logging into an account, you're agreeing with our
Terms & Conditions
and
Privacy Statement










Forgot your password?

Enter your email address and we'll send you a link to reset your password

Email address



Cancel



Email Sent

Please check your email and click the link to reset your password


Back to sign in









Enter your email address and we'll resend your confirmation







Please enter a valid email address.




For your most recent booking




For up to 5 of your most recent bookings



Resend






We've resent your requested confirmations to


Please note that email delivery can take up to 10 minutes

Close





Sorry, we were unable to resend your requested confirmations




Please check your email address and try again









Loading...














Email Address


Create Password







Or




Facebook



Google




Interested in
Booking.com for Business?


Make changes to a booking with your
confirmation number and PIN












Forgot your password?

Enter your email address and we'll send you a link to reset your password

Email address



Cancel



Email Sent

Please check your email and click the link to reset your password


Back to sign in




By creating an account, you're agreeing with our
Terms and Conditions
and
Privacy Statement
.


Become a Booking.com host!
Add your property here






View All Bookings


No registration required

Loading...











Where can I find this information?






Change dates

Edit guest details

Contact the property

Upgrade room

Cancel booking

And more...








Sign in or create an account
to see all your bookings

Can't find your confirmation email?



We'll resend it to you





Enter your email address and we'll resend your confirmation







Please enter a valid email address.




For your most recent booking




For up to 5 of your most recent bookings



Resend






We've resent your requested confirmations to


Please note that email delivery can take up to 10 minutes





Sorry, we were unable to resend your requested confirmations




Please check your email address and try again








Cancel






Loading...



Two Factor Authentication

A text message with a 6-digit verification code was just sent to the phone number associated with this account.


Enter your verification code:





Resend verification code





Other options




Loading...






337446,355298,363765,364162,358872,352588,360761,362817,358531,343712,362211,362492,337446|1,361470,356818,269862