











Discover Sri Lanka | Booking.com






























































































part of The Priceline Group






$






Loading















Choose your preferred language. We speak English (US) and 42 other languages.



Most often used by people in the United States








English (US)










English (UK)












Español










简体中文












日本語










한국어







All languages








English (UK)










English (US)










Deutsch










Nederlands










Français










Español










Español (AR)










Català










Italiano










Português (PT)










Português (BR)










Norsk










Suomi










Svenska










Dansk












Čeština










Magyar










Română










日本語










简体中文










繁體中文










Polski










Ελληνικά










Русский










Türkçe










Български










العربية










한국어










עברית










Latviski












Українська










Bahasa Indonesia










Bahasa Malaysia










ภาษาไทย










Eesti










Hrvatski










Lietuvių










Slovenčina










Srpski










Slovenščina










Tiếng Việt










Filipino










Íslenska












Refer Friends & Earn





List Your Property







Register







Sign in











Accommodations



Flights



Packages


Trains

Buses


Rental Cars



Airport Taxis



Restaurants









Home








Discover







Sri Lanka














Sri Lanka





Top Cities








Nuwara Eliya is highly rated by travelers for scenery, nature and high tea.







Nuwara Eliya


274 hotels
25,659 hotel reviews









Don’t miss out on Negombo! Top destination for beaches, fish markets and beach walks.







Negombo


300 hotels
42,504 hotel reviews









temples, botanical gardens and culture are just a few reasons why you’ll love Kandy.







Kandy


478 hotels
56,373 hotel reviews









You'll love scenery, nature and hiking during your next trip to Ella!







Ella


278 hotels
34,360 hotel reviews









Colombo – the ideal getaway for shopping, friendly locals and food!







Colombo


212 hotels
48,699 hotel reviews









Anuradhapura is highly rated by travelers for temples, ancient landmarks and history.







Anuradhapura


127 hotels
12,194 hotel reviews






Top Hotels








A tranquil retreat perched on hills, Heritance Kandalama offers panoramic views of the Sigiriya Rocks.

“It's an excellent hotel. Everything is good.”







Heritance Kandalama


Average Review Score: 8.7








Located in Trincomalee, 6 miles from Kanniya Hot Springs, Galaxy Beach Hotel features a restaurant and free WiFi. The rooms are fitted with a private bathroom fitted with a bathtub.







Galaxy Beach Hotel


No reviews yet








In the Cultural Triangle, Amaya Hills Kandy offers a hillside retreat overlooking Heerassagala Forest. Featuring traditional Sri Lankan architecture, it has an outdoor pool, a spa and a restaurant.

“The view is really nice, great staff, very helpfull, always with a smile, cool creative music at the resturent and the bar, beautiful mountain view, really good for relaxing , architecture was awesome and managed to maintain look of heritage un harmed, food is delicious, dont miss sri lankan jaggery hopper at the breakfast.”







Amaya Hills Kandy


Average Review Score: 7.9








Offering accommodation in Colombo’s city centre, Cinnamon Grand hotel features a spa, 2 outdoor pools and fitness facilities. It boasts 14 dining options. Free parking is also provided.

“The atmosphere of the hotel and their staff were great and they clearly put a lot of effort into their installed Christmas decorations, both inside and out.Their dining facilities were fabulous with several themes restaurant for every taste. We loved both their Lagoon fish restaurant and their external village theme restaurant Nuga Gama.Their breakfast buffets at their Courtyard restaurant was superb.The hotel's central location within Colombo was perfect but was secluded enough not to be bothered with traffic noise.With a small but perfectly stock shopping mall next to the hotel you have the choice of undertaking local shopping without travelling to far!”







Cinnamon Grand Colombo


Average Review Score: 8.2








Earl's Regency Hotel is a luxurious 5-star hotel located a 5-minute drive from Kandy Railway Station. It offers spacious accommodation with a spa, an outdoor pool and free parking.

“special thanks to Gihan the reception guy, they upgraded my room with a perfect pool view. great location, big swimming pool with a affordable prices”







Earl's Regency Hotel


Average Review Score: 8.3








Located on the sandy beachfront, Anantaya Resort & Spa Chilaw offers spacious, luxurious rooms along with an outdoor pool. Breakfast is included daily.

“We loved the place. It's an amazing location. and the room is very spacious. Love the staff and their service. We've been informed the breakfast closing time half an hour before it's closed as we didn't turn up by then. Wonderful!!”







Anantaya Resort & Spa Chilaw


Average Review Score: 7.7





Areas of Interest or Regions in Sri Lanka









Anuradhapura District


230 hotels
15,711 hotel reviews


Travelers choose Anuradhapura District for temples, ancient landmarks and culture.





Colombo District


407 hotels
50,848 hotel reviews


Colombo District is highly rated by travelers for food, shopping and friendly locals.





Galle District


1,337 hotels
67,661 hotel reviews


Galle District is a great choice for travelers interested in beaches, relaxation and sandy beaches.





Ampara District


96 hotels
3,957 hotel reviews


surfing, beaches and relaxation are just a few reasons why you’ll love Ampara District.





Kandy District


658 hotels
53,544 hotel reviews


Kandy District is highly rated by travelers for temples, botanical gardens and culture.





Nuwara Eliya District


405 hotels
29,924 hotel reviews


Nuwara Eliya District is a great choice for travelers interested in scenery, nature and mountains.





Jaffna District


49 hotels
1,827 hotel reviews


Don’t miss out on Jaffna District! Top destination for temples, history and friendly locals.





Kilinochchi District


1 hotel
8 hotel reviews






Mullaitivu District


1 hotel
8 hotel reviews






Mannar District


6 hotels
149 hotel reviews


Try Mannar District for your next trip and enjoy history, scenery and nature while you’re there!





Vavuniya District


4 hotels
44 hotel reviews






Trincomalee District


128 hotels
10,174 hotel reviews


Travelers choose Trincomalee District for beaches, sandy beaches and relaxation.





Puttalam District


96 hotels
3,101 hotel reviews


Puttalam District – the ideal getaway for relaxation, beaches and tranquillity!





Kurunegala District


18 hotels
269 hotel reviews


Don’t miss out on Kurunegala District! Top destination for ancient landmarks, culturally diverse food and romantic escapes.





Polonnaruwa District


89 hotels
7,146 hotel reviews


If ancient landmarks, temples and culture are your thing, don’t miss out on Polonnaruwa District!





Matale District


324 hotels
29,708 hotel reviews


You'll love nature, sightseeing and scenery during your next trip to Matale District!





Batticaloa District


47 hotels
3,262 hotel reviews


Try Batticaloa District for your next trip and enjoy relaxation, beach walks and beaches while you’re there!





Gampaha District


472 hotels
46,244 hotel reviews


beaches, friendly locals and relaxation are just a few reasons why you’ll love Gampaha District.





Kegalle District


44 hotels
2,373 hotel reviews


Travelers choose Kegalle District for nature, scenery and wildlife.





Badulla District


388 hotels
34,066 hotel reviews


Badulla District is a great choice for travelers interested in scenery, nature and hiking.





Kalutara District


289 hotels
15,804 hotel reviews


Kalutara District – the ideal getaway for beaches, relaxation and beach walks!





Ratnapura District


127 hotels
9,616 hotel reviews


Don’t miss out on Ratnapura District! Top destination for safari, wildlife and nature.





Monaragala District


58 hotels
2,063 hotel reviews


Put safari, temples and wildlife on your to-do list for your next trip to Monaragala District!





Hambantota District


391 hotels
27,000 hotel reviews


You'll love safari, nature and beaches during your next trip to Hambantota District!





Matara District


637 hotels
30,238 hotel reviews


beaches, sandy beaches and relaxation are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy Matara District.



Landmarks









Dambulla Cave Temple


temples, sightseeing and ancient landmarks are just a few reasons why you’ll love the area around Dambulla Cave Temple.






Gregory Lake


You'll love nature, scenery and high tea during your next trip to the area around Gregory Lake!






Pinnawala Elephant Orphanage


Around Pinnawala Elephant Orphanage is a great choice for travelers interested in nature, scenery and wildlife.






Sigiriya Rock







Adam's Peak







Sinharaja Forest Reserve







Majestic City Colombo


Don’t miss out on the area around Majestic City Colombo! Top destination for shopping, food and city trips.






Udawalawe National Park







Tangalle Beach







Lunuganga


The area around Lunuganga is highly rated by travelers for scenery, beaches for kids and coastal walks.






Wilpattu National Park







Negombo Lagoon







Yala National Park







Victoria Golf Club







Anuradhapura







Ella Rock







Turtle Farm


Put beaches, whale watching and boating on your to-do list for your next trip to the area around Turtle Farm!






Minneriya National Park







Tissa Wewa







Leisure World







Horton Plains National Park







Royal Colombo Golf Club


If high tea, scenery and nature are your thing, don’t miss out on the area around Royal Colombo Golf Club!






Maduru Oya National Park







Kaudulla National Park







Hikkaduwa Coral Reef


You'll love beaches, sandy beaches and relaxation during your next trip to the area around Hikkaduwa Coral Reef!






Lunugamvehera National Park







Whiskey Point


Try the area around Whiskey Point for your next trip and enjoy surfing, oceanside and beach walks while you’re there!






Dunhinda Falls







Sugathadasa Stadium







Little Adam's Peak







Ella Railway Station


If scenery, nature and hiking are your thing, don’t miss out on the area around Ella Railway Station!






Galway's Land National Park


nature, scenery and mountains are just a few reasons why you’ll love the area around Galway's Land National Park.






Dutch Fort


Travelers choose the area around Dutch Fort for fish markets, oceanside and friendly locals.






Sinhalese Sports Club


Around Sinhalese Sports Club – the ideal area for culture, shopping and food!






Diyaluma Falls







Nanu Oya Railway Station


Travelers choose the area around Nanu Oya Railway Station for nature, scenery and high tea.






Asgiriya Stadium


Travelers choose the area around Asgiriya Stadium for temples, culture and botanical gardens.






Ohiya Railway Station


nature, hiking and nature walks are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy the area around Ohiya Railway Station.






Buduruwagala Temple







Udawatta Kele Sanctuary


Don’t miss out on the area around Udawatta Kele Sanctuary! Top destination for culture, temples and botanical gardens.






Kitulgala







St. Aloysius College


Don’t miss out on the area around St. Aloysius College! Top destination for old town, history and walking.






Matara Fort


The area around Matara Fort is highly rated by travelers for beaches, sandy beaches and beach walks.






Ratmalana Airport







Negombo Beach Park







Durdans Hospital







Lion stone







Angammedilla National Park







Bambarakanda Falls







Gampaha Railway Station







Kandy View Point


temples, culture and botanical gardens are just a few reasons why you’ll love the area around Kandy View Point.






Polgahawela Railway Station







Kelaniya Railway Station







Kanniya Hot Springs







Kadurugoda Vihare







Kebilitte Dewale







Thuparama







Situlpawwa







Muhudu Maha Viharaya







Bopathella Falls







Gangarama Dagoba







Gallegama Dewale







Bible Rock







Anuradhapura Railway Station







Kataragama Temple


Try the area around Kataragama Temple for your next trip and enjoy nature, wildlife and safari while you’re there!






Bentota Railway Station


The area around Bentota Railway Station is highly rated by travelers for beaches, sandy beaches and beach walks.






Yatagala Temple


The area around Yatagala Temple is highly rated by travelers for beaches, relaxation and nature.






Dutch Church Galle


Don’t miss out on the area around Dutch Church Galle! Top destination for old town, history and city walks.






Gommotawa Vihare







Bawa Gardens







Ahangama Railway Station


Don’t miss out on the area around Ahangama Railway Station! Top destination for beaches, relaxation and surfing.






Hikkaduwa Bus Stand


beaches, sandy beaches and relaxation are just a few reasons why you’ll love the area around Hikkaduwa Bus Stand.






Silvatgala Vihare







Kushtarajagala


Travelers choose the area around Kushtarajagala for surfing, beaches and seafood.






Telwatta Bird Sanctuary







Ratna Ella Falls







Mount Lavinia Railway Station


The area around Mount Lavinia Railway Station is highly rated by travelers for beaches, relaxation and beach walks.






Inner Harbour







Ambepussa Railway Station







Ragama Railway Station







Homagama Railway Station







Japanese Peace Pagoda


Try the area around Japanese Peace Pagoda for your next trip and enjoy beaches, friendly locals and relaxation while you’re there!






Tsunami Photo Museum







Mannar







Aluthgama Railway Station


Around Aluthgama Railway Station – the ideal area for beaches, food and water sports!






Bakers Falls







Gangapura Vihare







The reclining Buddha in Polonnaruwa







Naigal Vihare







Jaffna Railway Station


Travelers choose the area around Jaffna Railway Station for temples, history and food.






Hiriketiya Vihare







Hikkaduwa Railway Station


Try the area around Hikkaduwa Railway Station for your next trip and enjoy beaches, sandy beaches and surfing while you’re there!






Demodara Railway Station







Nugegoda Railway Station







Ritigala Forest Monastery







Peradeniya Junction







Bandaranaike International Airport







Kadugannawa Railway Museum


The area around Kadugannawa Railway Museum is highly rated by travelers for museums, scenery and nature.






Dehenella Falls







Hatton Railway Station


If mountains, scenery and hiking are your thing, don’t miss out on the area around Hatton Railway Station!






Rangiri Dambulla International Stadium







Manampitiya







Mulkirigala Rock Monastery







Ella Railway Station







Maharagama Railway Station







Gelioya Railway Station







Awukane Vihare







Stassen Group







Horagolla National Park







Weligama Railway Station


If surfing, beaches and seafood are your thing, don’t miss out on the area around Weligama Railway Station!






Ambewela Railway Station







Bentota Lake


You'll love beaches, sandy beaches and relaxation during your next trip to the area around Bentota Lake!






Seeduwa Road







Avissawella Railway Station







Trincomalee Railway Station







Mount Lavinia Bus Stand


Try the area around Mount Lavinia Bus Stand for your next trip and enjoy beaches, relaxation and beach walks while you’re there!






Habarana Lake







Ganemulla Railway Station







Slave Island Railway Station


Don’t miss out on the area around Slave Island Railway Station! Top destination for friendly locals, food and shopping.






Nelum Pokuna







Alawwa Railway Station







Matara Railway Station


You'll love beach walks, beaches and sandy beaches during your next trip to the area around Matara Railway Station!






Kande Viharaya Temple


If beaches, relaxation and beach walks are your thing, don’t miss out on the area around Kande Viharaya Temple!






Bundala Bird Sanctuary







Thalawakele Railway Station







Ganegama Vihare







Sri Bhakta Hanuman Temple







Nalampanai Pillair Kovil







Galgamuwa Railway Station







Tangalle Lagoon


The area around Tangalle Lagoon is highly rated by travelers for beaches, sandy beaches and beach walks.






Kandy Victoria Reservoir







Koggala Airport


The area around Koggala Airport is highly rated by travelers for relaxation, beaches and beach walks.






Padukka Railway Station







Adams Peak Falls







Haputale Railway Station


Travelers choose the area around Haputale Railway Station for scenery, nature and high tea.






Peradeniya Railway Station







Bentota River Airport







Old Town of Galle







Mirigama Railway Station







Angurukaramulla Temple


beaches, sandy beaches and relaxation are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy the area around Angurukaramulla Temple.






Kirindi Ela Falls







Alutoya







Kurunegala Railway Station







Weherahena Buddhist Temple







Nagapooshani Amman Kovil







Galle Harbour







Batticaloa Railway Station







Tanthirimale







Kandy Pogolla Reservoir


Try the area around Kandy Pogolla Reservoir for your next trip and enjoy history, culture and botanical gardens while you’re there!






Pidurangala Rock


If culture, scenery and nature are your thing, don’t miss out on the area around Pidurangala Rock!






Dankumbure Vihare







Bandarawela Railway Station


The area around Bandarawela Railway Station is highly rated by travelers for relaxation, scenery and nature.






Galle Railway Station


Around Galle Railway Station – the ideal area for old town, city walks and history!






Katunayake Railway Station


Don’t miss out on the area around Katunayake Railway Station! Top destination for beaches, warm weather and budget friendly travel.






Moratuwa Railway Station







Kandy City Center Shopping Mall


If temples, culture and sightseeing are your thing, don’t miss out on the area around Kandy City Center Shopping Mall!






Muthurajawela Marsh


Around Muthurajawela Marsh is a great choice for travelers interested in tranquillity, relaxation and beaches.






Kakkapalliya







Demodara Nine Arch Bridge


Around Demodara Nine Arch Bridge – the ideal area for nature, scenery and hiking!






Pattipola Railway Station


Try the area around Pattipola Railway Station for your next trip and enjoy nature, mountains and clean air while you’re there!






Watawala Railway Station







Menik Dagoba







Narahenpita Railway Station


Try the area around Narahenpita Railway Station for your next trip and enjoy culture, city trips and local food while you’re there!






Nawalapitiya Railway Station







Malasana Dewale







Kalutara South







Bundala National Park







Sigiriya Museum


Don’t miss out on the area around Sigiriya Museum! Top destination for scenery, ancient landmarks and nature.






Gal Oya National Park







Panadura Railway Station






Airports





Bandaranaike International Airport


30 hotels





Districts





Unawatuna Beach


27 hotels

Don’t miss out on Unawatuna Beach! Top destination for sunbathing, friendly locals and restaurants.






Pasikuda Beach


12 hotels

Pasikuda Beach is a great choice for travelers interested in relaxation, beach walks and photography.






Hikkaduwa Beach


253 hotels

Travelers choose Hikkaduwa Beach for beaches, surfing and beach walks.






Polhena Beach


25 hotels

beaches, relaxation and sandy beaches are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy Polhena Beach.






Mount Lavinia Beach


26 hotels

Mount Lavinia Beach is highly rated by travelers for relaxation, beach walks and food.






Bentota Beach


30 hotels

Bentota Beach is a great choice for travelers interested in beaches, relaxation and sandy beaches.






Mirissa Beach


194 hotels

Mirissa Beach – the ideal getaway for beaches, sandy beaches and beach walks!






Tangalle Beach


118 hotels

Tangalle Beach – the ideal getaway for beaches, beach walks and sandy beaches!





Discover other great regions in this country







We've negotiated with thousands of hotels
to get the very best deals. We call them Secret Deals and they only last for a limited time.

You can get these deals for free
by subscribing to our newsletters. You can even choose your favorite destinations to receive personalized deals.

Get started now by entering your email address.
We'll instantly send you a link to our Deal Finder!

Don't worry – your email address is safe with us.
We'll never share your private information and you can unsubscribe at any time.




Sign up for our newsletter and get first pick on discounts of 20% or more!



Please enter a valid email address

Sorry, it seems as though you’ve subscribed several times already. This may be a glitch, so please try again later.

Sorry, we’ve encountered an error. Please try again later.






My first name is


My email address is


Sign up





Your sign-up was successful
Soon you'll receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations!

You're done! You can close this window.




Thanks
Your sign-up was successful! We'll send you the latest on our half-price deals.

You can always manage your subscriptions by signing in to your account. You're done! You can close this window.

























Save time, save money!

Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you



Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals



Subscribe



Send me a link to get the FREE Booking.com app!


Please enter a valid email address.

Oops! An error has occurred.

Oops! An error has occurred.

You're subscribed! Your welcome email will arrive in your inbox soon.













Tablet version
|


Mobile version
|


Your Account



Make changes online to your booking









Become an affiliate



Booking.com for Business
























Countries



Regions



Cities



Districts



Airports



Hotels



Places of Interest







Vacation Rentals



Apartments



Resorts



Villas



Hostels



B&Bs;



Guesthouses







All Property Types



All Themes



Reviews



Unpacked: Travel articles







Car Rental



Flight Finder



Restaurant Reservations



Seek&Go;



Booking.com for Travel Agents







About Booking.com



Give website feedback





Customer Service Help



Careers



Press Center



Terms & Conditions



Privacy & Cookies



Contact Us







Booking.com B.V. is based in Amsterdam in the Netherlands, and is supported internationally by
198 offices
in 70 countries.






Copyright © 1996–2017
Booking.com™. All rights reserved.









Booking.com is part of The Priceline Group, the world leader in online travel & related services.



























Verified reviews from real guests.
We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from
real, verified guests.



How does it work?





1




It starts with a booking

The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property.








2




Followed by a trip

When guests stay at the property, they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff is, and more.








3




And finally, a review

After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site.





If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first.


Sign in and leave a review




«



































»





Su

Mo

Tu

We

Th

Fr

Sa




















































Close calendar





Sign in

Register





Loading...










Email Address



Booking.com Password




Forgot your password?





Or sign in with one click




Facebook



Google




Make changes to a booking with your
confirmation number and PIN



By logging into an account, you're agreeing with our
Terms & Conditions
and
Privacy Statement










Forgot your password?

Enter your email address and we'll send you a link to reset your password

Email address



Cancel



Email Sent

Please check your email and click the link to reset your password


Back to sign in









Enter your email address and we'll resend your confirmation







Please enter a valid email address.




For your most recent booking




For up to 5 of your most recent bookings



Resend






We've resent your requested confirmations to


Please note that email delivery can take up to 10 minutes

Close





Sorry, we were unable to resend your requested confirmations




Please check your email address and try again









Loading...














Email Address


Create Password







Or




Facebook



Google




Interested in
Booking.com for Business?


Make changes to a booking with your
confirmation number and PIN












Forgot your password?

Enter your email address and we'll send you a link to reset your password

Email address



Cancel



Email Sent

Please check your email and click the link to reset your password


Back to sign in




By creating an account, you're agreeing with our
Terms and Conditions
and
Privacy Statement
.


Become a Booking.com host!
Add your property here






View All Bookings


No registration required

Loading...











Where can I find this information?






Change dates

Edit guest details

Contact the property

Upgrade room

Cancel booking

And more...








Sign in or create an account
to see all your bookings

Can't find your confirmation email?



We'll resend it to you





Enter your email address and we'll resend your confirmation







Please enter a valid email address.




For your most recent booking




For up to 5 of your most recent bookings



Resend






We've resent your requested confirmations to


Please note that email delivery can take up to 10 minutes





Sorry, we were unable to resend your requested confirmations




Please check your email address and try again








Cancel






Loading...



Two Factor Authentication

A text message with a 6-digit verification code was just sent to the phone number associated with this account.


Enter your verification code:





Resend verification code





Other options




Loading...






343712,358872,337446,362211,361470,358531,355298,356818,337446|1,362817,269862,352588,364162,360761,363765,362492