











Discover Belgium | Booking.com






























































































part of The Priceline Group






$






Loading















Choose your preferred language. We speak English (US) and 42 other languages.



Most often used by people in the United States








English (US)










English (UK)












Español










简体中文












日本語










한국어







All languages








English (UK)










English (US)










Deutsch










Nederlands










Français










Español










Español (AR)










Català










Italiano










Português (PT)










Português (BR)










Norsk










Suomi










Svenska










Dansk












Čeština










Magyar










Română










日本語










简体中文










繁體中文










Polski










Ελληνικά










Русский










Türkçe










Български










العربية










한국어










עברית










Latviski












Українська










Bahasa Indonesia










Bahasa Malaysia










ภาษาไทย










Eesti










Hrvatski










Lietuvių










Slovenčina










Srpski










Slovenščina










Tiếng Việt










Filipino










Íslenska












Refer Friends & Earn





List Your Property







Register







Sign in











Accommodations



Flights



Packages


Trains

Buses


Rental Cars



Airport Taxis



Restaurants









Home








Discover







Belgium














Belgium





Top Cities








Travelers choose Ostend for shopping, beach walks and beaches.

Wander around the promenade and visit one of the traditional restaurants to enjoy Dover Sole, shrimp croquettes and tomatoes filled with shrimps. Booking.com has lots of hotels, apartments and vacation homes by the North Sea.  
Situated in a strategic position, the beautiful destination of Ostend is an hour away from Brussels and is accessible by train. The Ostend-Bruges International Airport serves a big variety of destinations, including regions on the Mediterranean Coast and Canary Islands.







Ostend


152 hotels
52,143 hotel reviews









Ghent is highly rated by travelers for old town, architecture and food.

Enjoy a relaxing walk in the picturesque medieval streets and stop at one of the charming traditional restaurants for Belgium beer and a classic Flemish meat stew with French fries. Local delicacies include the popular Belgium chocolate and the purple jelly-filled candies called the ""noses"".
Antwerp International Airport is 32 miles away, while Brussels Airport is 34 miles. Just book your hotel, guest house, apartment, or B&B; through Booking.com and discover everything this stunning city has to offer.







Ghent


172 hotels
68,671 hotel reviews









Brussels – the ideal getaway for chocolate, beer and architecture!

Brussels is a real melting pot of Europe, filled with great museums and art from Memling, Bosch or Rubens, historic breweries and great concert halls. Shopping addicts can visit the world’s first shopping mall, the Saint Hubert Gallery, opened here in 1847. 
If you’re arriving at Brussels Airport or South Charleroi Airport, all major attractions are just a short train or bus ride away. Whether you’re looking for a design hotel, a comfortable apartment or a friendly B&B;, Booking.com has something perfect for your trip to Brussels.







Brussels


562 hotels
340,820 hotel reviews









architecture, chocolate and history are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy Bruges.

Belgium cuisine is famous worldwide and the cafes of Bruges offer an inviting retreat from the cooler climate. Brewery De Halve Maan explains the process behind the beer which washes down the world-class fries, chocolate and mussels found all over the city. 
Bruges is easily reached from the Brussel-Zuid train station or the Brussels Airport. From a romantic suite to an apartment for a group of friends, Booking.com will make sure your stay in Bruges is a memorable one.







Bruges


296 hotels
155,760 hotel reviews









beach walks, beaches and walking are just a few reasons why you’ll love Blankenberge.







Blankenberge


75 hotels
23,234 hotel reviews









Put shopping, food and old town on your to-do list for your next trip to Antwerp!

A few streets back is the Grote Markt, a beautiful square flanked by the grand town hall and 16th-century guildhouses – a typically Belgian scene. Behind this is UNESCO World Heritage-listed Antwerp Cathedral, whose asymmetrical towers look down over Groenplaats, a tranquil square filled with pavement cafes. Belgian beer is legendary and the local brew is De Koninck, which packs quite a punch.
In the south of the city is the most unusual sight – Wilrijk’s huge Jain Temple, one of the largest outside India. A little further east is Antwerp Airport, efficiently connected by public transport to the Antwerp hotels, guesthouses and apartments that are available on Booking.com.







Antwerp


184 hotels
100,952 hotel reviews






Top Hotels








Set in a renovated farm, B&B; Au Charme Pur offers modern and bright rooms with free WiFi. Electric bicycles are available for discovering the bed and breakfast’s green environment.

“The incredible friendliness and availability of the hosts, the stunning location, the tranquility, the very extensive breakfast including many fresh products, the truly enormous and beautiful room,... I could continue for hours... To summarise, this B&B sets a very high standard for the others to match.”







B&B; Au Charme Pur


Average Review Score: 9.7








Hotel Royal Astrid is situated 50 metres from Ostende's beautiful sandy beaches. It features an on-site spa with an indoor pool area, a fine dining restaurant and comfortable accommodation.

“Just a few minute by tram from train station, a few steps from the sea, attention to details, friendliness of staff, excellent breakfast.”







Hotel Royal Astrid


Average Review Score: 7.7








B&B; Zinnen en Minnen is located in a rural area between the cities of Aarschot and Geel. It offers a spacious garden with a terrace and guests can enjoy free coffee and tea throughout the day.

“Walter and Hilde were wonderful hosts!”







B&B; Zinnen en Minnen


Average Review Score: 9.1








Hotel Sandeshoved is located in the heart of Nieuwpoort Bad, at the beach promenade. Guests can relax in the restaurant, which serves fresh dishes and offers an intimate sea-view terrace.

“The Location right on the sea front  is excellent I booked a room and they upgraded us to a studio apartment with a kitchen and even a separate area for the beds Very clean”







Hotel Sandeshoved


Average Review Score: 7.5








Ideally situated near the beach and Europe’s largest marina, this modern vacation and conference center offers a wealth of activities – fun for the entire family.







Floreal Nieuwpoort


Average Review Score: 8.2








Located in the former castle Cruydenhove, this hotel is located 10 minutes from the historical centre of Bruges and a 20-minute drive from the coast and the North Sea Beach.

“Beautiful hotel with sizeable air conditioned, comfy rooms.Free wifi was very good.”







Van Der Valk Hotel Oostkamp-Brugge


Average Review Score: 8.9





Areas of Interest or Regions in Belgium









Brussels Region


614 hotels
341,006 hotel reviews


If chocolate, beer and architecture are your thing, don’t miss out on Brussels Region!





East-Flanders


417 hotels
92,058 hotel reviews


You'll love old town, architecture and food during your next trip to East-Flanders!





Flemish Brabant


217 hotels
62,885 hotel reviews


Try Flemish Brabant for your next trip and enjoy old town, food and architecture while you’re there!





Hainaut Province


171 hotels
43,491 hotel reviews


old town, tranquillity and architecture are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy Hainaut Province.





Liege Province


809 hotels
70,741 hotel reviews


Travelers choose Liege Province for walking, nature and tranquillity.





Limburg


365 hotels
47,305 hotel reviews


Limburg is highly rated by travelers for walking, cycling and shopping.





Belgium Luxembourg


752 hotels
57,348 hotel reviews


Belgium Luxembourg – the ideal getaway for walking, nature and nature walks!





Namur Province


368 hotels
31,767 hotel reviews


Don’t miss out on Namur Province! Top destination for walking, tranquillity and nature.





Walloon Brabant


94 hotels
13,603 hotel reviews


Put tranquillity, relaxation and history on your to-do list for your next trip to Walloon Brabant!





West-Flanders


1,628 hotels
354,874 hotel reviews


You'll love walking, architecture and history during your next trip to West-Flanders!





Antwerpen Province


387 hotels
126,283 hotel reviews


shopping, old town and food are just a few reasons why you’ll love Antwerpen Province.



Discover other great regions in this country







We've negotiated with thousands of hotels
to get the very best deals. We call them Secret Deals and they only last for a limited time.

You can get these deals for free
by subscribing to our newsletters. You can even choose your favorite destinations to receive personalized deals.

Get started now by entering your email address.
We'll instantly send you a link to our Deal Finder!

Don't worry – your email address is safe with us.
We'll never share your private information and you can unsubscribe at any time.




Sign up for our newsletter and get first pick on discounts of 20% or more!



Please enter a valid email address

Sorry, it seems as though you’ve subscribed several times already. This may be a glitch, so please try again later.

Sorry, we’ve encountered an error. Please try again later.






My first name is


My email address is


Sign up





Your sign-up was successful
Soon you'll receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations!

You're done! You can close this window.




Thanks
Your sign-up was successful! We'll send you the latest on our half-price deals.

You can always manage your subscriptions by signing in to your account. You're done! You can close this window.

























Save time, save money!

Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you



Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals



Subscribe



Send me a link to get the FREE Booking.com app!


Please enter a valid email address.

Oops! An error has occurred.

Oops! An error has occurred.

You're subscribed! Your welcome email will arrive in your inbox soon.













Tablet version
|


Mobile version
|


Your Account



Make changes online to your booking









Become an affiliate



Booking.com for Business
























Countries



Regions



Cities



Districts



Airports



Hotels



Places of Interest







Vacation Rentals



Apartments



Resorts



Villas



Hostels



B&Bs;



Guesthouses







All Property Types



All Themes



Reviews



Unpacked: Travel articles







Car Rental



Flight Finder



Restaurant Reservations



Seek&Go;



Booking.com for Travel Agents







About Booking.com



Give website feedback





Customer Service Help



Careers



Press Center



Terms & Conditions



Privacy & Cookies



Contact Us







Booking.com B.V. is based in Amsterdam in the Netherlands, and is supported internationally by
198 offices
in 70 countries.






Copyright © 1996–2017
Booking.com™. All rights reserved.









Booking.com is part of The Priceline Group, the world leader in online travel & related services.



























Verified reviews from real guests.
We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from
real, verified guests.



How does it work?





1




It starts with a booking

The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property.








2




Followed by a trip

When guests stay at the property, they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff is, and more.








3




And finally, a review

After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site.





If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first.


Sign in and leave a review




«



































»





Su

Mo

Tu

We

Th

Fr

Sa




















































Close calendar





Sign in

Register





Loading...










Email Address



Booking.com Password




Forgot your password?





Or sign in with one click




Facebook



Google




Make changes to a booking with your
confirmation number and PIN



By logging into an account, you're agreeing with our
Terms & Conditions
and
Privacy Statement










Forgot your password?

Enter your email address and we'll send you a link to reset your password

Email address



Cancel



Email Sent

Please check your email and click the link to reset your password


Back to sign in









Enter your email address and we'll resend your confirmation







Please enter a valid email address.




For your most recent booking




For up to 5 of your most recent bookings



Resend






We've resent your requested confirmations to


Please note that email delivery can take up to 10 minutes

Close





Sorry, we were unable to resend your requested confirmations




Please check your email address and try again









Loading...














Email Address


Create Password







Or




Facebook



Google




Interested in
Booking.com for Business?


Make changes to a booking with your
confirmation number and PIN












Forgot your password?

Enter your email address and we'll send you a link to reset your password

Email address



Cancel



Email Sent

Please check your email and click the link to reset your password


Back to sign in




By creating an account, you're agreeing with our
Terms and Conditions
and
Privacy Statement
.


Become a Booking.com host!
Add your property here






View All Bookings


No registration required

Loading...











Where can I find this information?






Change dates

Edit guest details

Contact the property

Upgrade room

Cancel booking

And more...








Sign in or create an account
to see all your bookings

Can't find your confirmation email?



We'll resend it to you





Enter your email address and we'll resend your confirmation







Please enter a valid email address.




For your most recent booking




For up to 5 of your most recent bookings



Resend






We've resent your requested confirmations to


Please note that email delivery can take up to 10 minutes





Sorry, we were unable to resend your requested confirmations




Please check your email address and try again








Cancel






Loading...



Two Factor Authentication

A text message with a 6-digit verification code was just sent to the phone number associated with this account.


Enter your verification code:





Resend verification code





Other options




Loading...






269862,356818,362817,362492,362211,363765,364162,337446,358531,275824,360761,358872,337446|1,355298,343712,352588