











Discover Canada | Booking.com






























































































part of The Priceline Group






$






Loading















Choose your preferred language. We speak English (US) and 42 other languages.



Most often used by people in the United States








English (US)










English (UK)












Español










简体中文












日本語










한국어







All languages








English (UK)










English (US)










Deutsch










Nederlands










Français










Español










Español (AR)










Català










Italiano










Português (PT)










Português (BR)










Norsk










Suomi










Svenska










Dansk












Čeština










Magyar










Română










日本語










简体中文










繁體中文










Polski










Ελληνικά










Русский










Türkçe










Български










العربية










한국어










עברית










Latviski












Українська










Bahasa Indonesia










Bahasa Malaysia










ภาษาไทย










Eesti










Hrvatski










Lietuvių










Slovenčina










Srpski










Slovenščina










Tiếng Việt










Filipino










Íslenska












Refer Friends & Earn





List Your Property







Register







Sign in











Accommodations



Flights



Packages


Trains

Buses


Rental Cars



Airport Taxis



Restaurants









Home








Discover







Canada














Canada





Top Cities








Put scenery, sightseeing and nature on your to-do list for your next trip to Vancouver!

With the largest Chinatown in North America, Gastown is the oldest part of Vancouver and is near the Canada Place cruise ship terminal.
We could go on and on about the British Columbia capital and never do it justice, so why not try it for yourself? Booking.com has a fabulous range of accommodations from hotels near Vancouver Airport in Richmond to downtown B&Bs; and motels near Abbotsford Airport.







Vancouver


168 hotels
86,611 hotel reviews









Try Toronto for your next trip and enjoy shopping, sightseeing and restaurants while you’re there!

The most populated city in Canada can offer guests many cultural experiences in the angular spaces of the Art Gallery of Ontario, the exhibitions in the Ontario Science Centre and through the secret passages of Casa Loma. The Hockey Hall of Fame shows the proud role this sport plays in Ontario and fans can watch the Toronto Maple Leafs play at the Air Canada Centre. 
Outdoors, Toronto is full of wilderness and the parks and rivers of the North York district are a great place to start wandering or enjoy a picnic. Whatever your budget, with Booking.com you can find a great hotel room or hostel dormitory to start exploring this exciting metropolis.







Toronto


399 hotels
141,720 hotel reviews









Quebec City is highly rated by travelers for old town, history and architecture.







Quebec City


232 hotels
107,293 hotel reviews









Niagara Falls is a great choice for travelers interested in waterfalls, sightseeing and scenery.

The city itself has 7 golf courses, one right by the waterfall, so be careful with your swing! Other Niagara Falls attractions include casinos, cinemas and Marineland Canada, numbering the world’s largest collection of beluga whales among its inhabitants.
Unless you fly into Niagara Falls Airport on the US side, you’ll probably arrive by car. So check out the hotels, apartments, motels and more on Booking.com with easy parking options.







Niagara Falls


151 hotels
128,758 hotel reviews









You'll love restaurants, food and culture during your next trip to Montreal!

In summer, stay closer to the historic quarter and head outdoors in Parc Jean-Drapeau on the St. Lawrence River islands of Île Sainte-Helen and Île Notre-Dame. If the weather isn’t good enough for rowing, water-skiing and beaches then head to Montreal Casino. 
Whether you’re visiting for festivals or fashion, gastronomy or culture, with over 190 hotels and B&Bs; with Booking.com you’ll find your perfect home away from home.







Montreal


358 hotels
125,951 hotel reviews









If scenery, mountains and nature are your thing, don’t miss out on Banff!







Banff


46 hotels
35,255 hotel reviews






Top Hotels








Offering free admission to the on-site indoor and outdoor water parks, Great Wolf Lodge is located 3.2 km from Niagara Falls.

“lots of activities for the kids.good size rooms.”







Great Wolf Lodge


Average Review Score: 8.5








Featuring free WiFi, Sherkston Shores Beach Resort is situated in Port Colborne. Guests can enjoy the on-site restaurant and bar. Free private parking is available on site.







Sherkston Shores Beach Resort


No reviews yet








The Americana is Niagara’s great value Water Park resort. Waves Indoor Waterpark is a tropical 29ºC all year round, with wave pool, water slides, tipping bucket, kids' pool and much more.

“Traveled with children 8, 10 and older son 24, comfortable, great activities, facilities, close to attractions, public transportation, restaurants and shops. Will most definitely come again!”







Americana Waterpark Resort & Spa


Average Review Score: 7.4








Within 300 metres of College Subway Station, this hotel features on-site dining, a fitness centre and 2 indoor pools. The Toronto Eaton Centre is 600 metres away.

“You are really made to feel welcome. Hotel, although large, is very quiet. The in-house restaurants serve good food, in a pleasant setting.”







Chelsea Hotel Toronto


Average Review Score: 7.8








Showcasing a playground and views of the mountains, Hôtel Valcartier is located in Saint-Gabriel-De-Valcartier. The resort has a terrace and spa center, and guests can enjoy a meal at the restaurant.

“it was outstanding- food, staff, rooms, waterpark”







Hôtel Valcartier


Average Review Score: 8.8








Situated in The Blue Mountains, between the shores of Georgian Bay and the slopes of the Niagara Escarpment, Blue Mountain Resort offers a variety of lodging options from hotel rooms to self-catering...

“Great family room with small kitchen to cook with everything in it.”







Blue Mountain Resort


Average Review Score: 8.3





Areas of Interest or Regions in Canada









British Columbia


2,277 hotels
383,694 hotel reviews


British Columbia – the ideal getaway for scenery, nature and relaxation!





Ontario


2,272 hotels
538,866 hotel reviews


Don’t miss out on Ontario! Top destination for sightseeing, scenery and shopping.





Quebec


2,393 hotels
448,562 hotel reviews


Put scenery, restaurants and nature on your to-do list for your next trip to Quebec!





Nova Scotia


420 hotels
64,480 hotel reviews


You'll love scenery, friendly locals and relaxation during your next trip to Nova Scotia!





Alberta


1,047 hotels
218,335 hotel reviews


Try Alberta for your next trip and enjoy scenery, mountains and nature while you’re there!





Manitoba


154 hotels
17,899 hotel reviews


Travelers choose Manitoba for friendly locals, shopping and restaurants.





Saskatchewan


283 hotels
29,156 hotel reviews


Saskatchewan is a great choice for travelers interested in friendly locals, shopping and restaurants.





New Brunswick


265 hotels
42,993 hotel reviews


New Brunswick – the ideal getaway for friendly locals, scenery and shopping!





Newfoundland and Labrador


164 hotels
19,777 hotel reviews


Don’t miss out on Newfoundland and Labrador! Top destination for scenery, friendly locals and sightseeing.





Prince Edward Island


160 hotels
17,180 hotel reviews


Put scenery, relaxation and friendly locals on your to-do list for your next trip to Prince Edward Island!





Yukon


65 hotels
4,128 hotel reviews


You'll love scenery, nature and history during your next trip to Yukon!





Nunavut


3 hotels
72 hotel reviews


scenery, culture and nature are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy Nunavut.





Northwest Territories


24 hotels
2,027 hotel reviews


the northern lights, nature and scenery are just a few reasons why you’ll love Northwest Territories.



Discover other great regions in this country







We've negotiated with thousands of hotels
to get the very best deals. We call them Secret Deals and they only last for a limited time.

You can get these deals for free
by subscribing to our newsletters. You can even choose your favorite destinations to receive personalized deals.

Get started now by entering your email address.
We'll instantly send you a link to our Deal Finder!

Don't worry – your email address is safe with us.
We'll never share your private information and you can unsubscribe at any time.




Sign up for our newsletter and get first pick on discounts of 20% or more!



Please enter a valid email address

Sorry, it seems as though you’ve subscribed several times already. This may be a glitch, so please try again later.

Sorry, we’ve encountered an error. Please try again later.






My first name is


My email address is


Sign up





Your sign-up was successful
Soon you'll receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations!

You're done! You can close this window.




Thanks
Your sign-up was successful! We'll send you the latest on our half-price deals.

You can always manage your subscriptions by signing in to your account. You're done! You can close this window.

























Save time, save money!

Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you



Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals



Subscribe



Send me a link to get the FREE Booking.com app!


Please enter a valid email address.

Oops! An error has occurred.

Oops! An error has occurred.

You're subscribed! Your welcome email will arrive in your inbox soon.













Tablet version
|


Mobile version
|


Your Account



Make changes online to your booking









Become an affiliate



Booking.com for Business
























Countries



Regions



Cities



Districts



Airports



Hotels



Places of Interest







Vacation Rentals



Apartments



Resorts



Villas



Hostels



B&Bs;



Guesthouses







All Property Types



All Themes



Reviews



Unpacked: Travel articles







Car Rental



Flight Finder



Restaurant Reservations



Seek&Go;



Booking.com for Travel Agents







About Booking.com



Give website feedback





Customer Service Help



Careers



Press Center



Terms & Conditions



Privacy & Cookies



Contact Us







Booking.com B.V. is based in Amsterdam in the Netherlands, and is supported internationally by
198 offices
in 70 countries.






Copyright © 1996–2017
Booking.com™. All rights reserved.









Booking.com is part of The Priceline Group, the world leader in online travel & related services.



























Verified reviews from real guests.
We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from
real, verified guests.



How does it work?





1




It starts with a booking

The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property.








2




Followed by a trip

When guests stay at the property, they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff is, and more.








3




And finally, a review

After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site.





If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first.


Sign in and leave a review




«



































»





Su

Mo

Tu

We

Th

Fr

Sa




















































Close calendar





Sign in

Register





Loading...










Email Address



Booking.com Password




Forgot your password?





Or sign in with one click




Facebook



Google




Make changes to a booking with your
confirmation number and PIN



By logging into an account, you're agreeing with our
Terms & Conditions
and
Privacy Statement










Forgot your password?

Enter your email address and we'll send you a link to reset your password

Email address



Cancel



Email Sent

Please check your email and click the link to reset your password


Back to sign in









Enter your email address and we'll resend your confirmation







Please enter a valid email address.




For your most recent booking




For up to 5 of your most recent bookings



Resend






We've resent your requested confirmations to


Please note that email delivery can take up to 10 minutes

Close





Sorry, we were unable to resend your requested confirmations




Please check your email address and try again









Loading...














Email Address


Create Password







Or




Facebook



Google




Interested in
Booking.com for Business?


Make changes to a booking with your
confirmation number and PIN












Forgot your password?

Enter your email address and we'll send you a link to reset your password

Email address



Cancel



Email Sent

Please check your email and click the link to reset your password


Back to sign in




By creating an account, you're agreeing with our
Terms and Conditions
and
Privacy Statement
.


Become a Booking.com host!
Add your property here






View All Bookings


No registration required

Loading...











Where can I find this information?






Change dates

Edit guest details

Contact the property

Upgrade room

Cancel booking

And more...








Sign in or create an account
to see all your bookings

Can't find your confirmation email?



We'll resend it to you





Enter your email address and we'll resend your confirmation







Please enter a valid email address.




For your most recent booking




For up to 5 of your most recent bookings



Resend






We've resent your requested confirmations to


Please note that email delivery can take up to 10 minutes





Sorry, we were unable to resend your requested confirmations




Please check your email address and try again








Cancel






Loading...



Two Factor Authentication

A text message with a 6-digit verification code was just sent to the phone number associated with this account.


Enter your verification code:





Resend verification code





Other options




Loading...






358872,362211,343712,360761,352588,356818,358531,337446,334599,362492,355298,337446|1,269862,364162,363765,362817