











Discover France | Booking.com






























































































part of The Priceline Group






$






Loading















Choose your preferred language. We speak English (US) and 42 other languages.



Most often used by people in the United States








English (US)










English (UK)












Español










简体中文












日本語










한국어







All languages








English (UK)










English (US)










Deutsch










Nederlands










Français










Español










Español (AR)










Català










Italiano










Português (PT)










Português (BR)










Norsk










Suomi










Svenska










Dansk












Čeština










Magyar










Română










日本語










简体中文










繁體中文










Polski










Ελληνικά










Русский










Türkçe










Български










العربية










한국어










עברית










Latviski












Українська










Bahasa Indonesia










Bahasa Malaysia










ภาษาไทย










Eesti










Hrvatski










Lietuvių










Slovenčina










Srpski










Slovenščina










Tiếng Việt










Filipino










Íslenska












Refer Friends & Earn





List Your Property







Register







Sign in











Accommodations



Flights



Packages


Trains

Buses


Rental Cars



Airport Taxis



Restaurants









Home








Discover







France














France





Top Cities








Travelers choose Paris for museums, sightseeing and culture.

In the evening, the famous Moulin Rouge offers exciting cabaret shows and the 19th-century Opéra Garnier welcomes you to sink into its lush seats. The renowned French cuisine is served in countless Parisian bistros, restaurants and brasseries! 
Thanks to the city’s great public transportation system, it doesn’t matter if you’re traveling from Orly or Charles de Gaulle International Airports, since all major attractions are within easy reach. Whether you’re looking for a room with a Notre Dame view, a design hotel with chic interiors or a comfortable apartment, Booking.com has something to fit all your travel needs.







Paris


3,095 hotels
1,312,834 hotel reviews









Put old town, beaches and promenades on your to-do list for your next trip to Nice!

Climb the winding leafy path to the top of Parc de la Colline du Château and gaze down upon the expansive aquamarine dream that is the Côte d'Azur. Just behind this park is the famous Cimetière du Château, a haunting reminder of a bygone era. Masterful art of all eras is proudly hung in the Chagall Museum, Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art and Palais Lascaris. The cultural experience doesn't end there, with archaeological museums and delightful churches like the Chapelle de la Miséricorde scattered throughout. 
Treat yourself to fine dining and appreciate a glass of local wine in the old town before strolling back to one of hundreds of available hotels from Booking.com. Your vacation is sure to be a “nice” one in any of our accommodations!







Nice


821 hotels
178,282 hotel reviews









Travelers choose Marseille for harbors, museums and culture.

If a culture packed vacation is on the agenda, the Musée d'Archéologie Méditerranéenne, Notre Dame de la Garde and Palais Longchamp won’t disappoint. The unique Unité d'Habitation, designed by famous architect Le Corbusier, contains everything from a shopping street to housing and has spectacular views of the terracotta landscape that makes Marseille so distinctive. 
Marseille is a short trip from Marseille Provence Airport, so your holiday can start promptly. With over 100 hotels and apartments available, Booking.com is the perfect place to find great accommodation and start your journey in the largest city on the Côte d'Azur.







Marseille


382 hotels
118,789 hotel reviews









Travelers choose Lyon for old town, gourmet food and city walks.

There is a lot going on in the main park of Lyon, Parc de la Tête d'Or, which is home to a zoo of exotic animals as well as various sports facilities and a large lake for boating. Boats of a different description are docked on the banks of the Rhône River; they host parties late into the night. 
For a taste of tradition, Lyon’s famous bistros, or Bouchons Lyonnais, provide a cozy atmosphere for some of the best in French gastronomy. Plan your perfect holiday in one of Booking.com’s 130+ hotels, apartments or guest houses.







Lyon


428 hotels
172,707 hotel reviews









Travelers choose Cannes for beaches, shopping and restaurants.

Quai St. Pierre is the ideal place to admire the fancy yachts of the rich and famous from all over the world. After that, why not enjoy a relaxing walk under the shade of palm trees on waterfront Promenade de la Croisette, stretch out on one of the long, sandy beaches, or cool off in the crystal blue water?
Book a flight to Nice Côte d'Azur Airport and Booking.com will help you to choose from a variety of hotels, apartments and resorts, in and around Cannes.







Cannes


501 hotels
59,789 hotel reviews









You'll love architecture, wine and shopping during your next trip to Bordeaux!

A tour of the famous vineyards is probably on the itinerary and this can be accomplished by visiting the wineries and châteaux privately or as part of a tour. You can also worship the wine gods at the Bordeaux Wine Festival held during the summer. 
Visitors can easily make the short trip to the heart of Bordeaux from the Bordeaux-Mérignac Airport. With 70 hotels and bed & breakfasts available, Booking.com allows you to discover the vibrant and friendly heart of the vineyard region.







Bordeaux


471 hotels
113,521 hotel reviews






Top Hotels








This sea-side holiday village is on Port Grimaud Beach, just 7 km from Sainte-Maxime and Saint-Tropez.

“Location, staff (especially Paul!).”







Les Prairies de la Mer


Average Review Score: 8.3








The Hotelo is located in the historic centre of Lyon, on the Presqu’île, next to Place Carnot. Free WiFi and air-conditioning are available throughout the property.

“The host was very attentive and helpful. He facilitated our visit by giving us correct and easy information to go around. Breakfast time was flexible!”







Hotelo


Average Review Score: 8.7








Featuring a 6D movie theater for a unique experience with 3D images, interactive chairs and wind, light and sound effects, the Explorers Hotel at Disneyland Paris is just 1.2 miles from the theme...

“The Front Desk staff were very helpful and courteous.  Check-in was easy.  The room was clean and the beds comfortable.  Nicely themed with the Explorers look throughout,  we thought it was a great and affordable place to stay very close to Disney.  Also, having a shuttle bus take you directly to and from the park was a fantastic option!”







Explorers Hotel at Disneyland® Paris


Average Review Score: 7.9








With direct access to the beach, this resort offers a 3000-m2 water park, a spa and leisure entertainment for both day and night. An internet café and free private parking are available on site.

“La situation Les infrastructures”







Camping Les Sables d'Or


Average Review Score: 6.9








Offering a free shuttle service to Disneyland Paris, Vienna House Dream Castle at Disneyland® Paris is surrounded by a lake and gardens and its facilities include an indoor pool, and a Spa.

“What an amazing castle! I felt like I was a kid again, and the feeling itself is just amazing! The Christmas decoration was really nice. We booked a suite: it was beautifully decorated, spacious, and very comfy. There was a small internet problem in our floor, so they gave us an even better suite where the internet connected without any problem. The food... oh the food! Breakfast was fulfilling and just delicious. And the dinner... that's another story! I literally couldn't find anything that wasn't in the buffet. All the way from shrimps and escargot, to apple pies and gummy bears! Yes gummy bears. Staff were really kind and helpful. A free shuttle from/to disneyland, which is just next to a train station. 
Being a travel blogger, I highly recommend this castle to couples, families, and anyone who's interested in going to Disney and looking for a sweet escape to childhood.”







Vienna House Dream Castle at Disneyland® Paris


Average Review Score: 8








Previously a palace built by Empress Eugénie on Biarritz’s beach, this luxury 5-star hotel has 2 large pools and a spa and fitness centre with hammam, hot tub and massage treatments.

“The location was excellent - from hotel could walk everywhere.”







Hôtel du Palais


Average Review Score: 9.1





Areas of Interest or Regions in France









Alsace


1,668 hotels
355,865 hotel reviews


Alsace is highly rated by travelers for old town, architecture and tranquillity.





Aquitaine


4,204 hotels
510,905 hotel reviews


Aquitaine is a great choice for travelers interested in tranquillity, scenery and beaches.





Auvergne


1,086 hotels
150,037 hotel reviews


Auvergne – the ideal getaway for tranquillity, scenery and nature!





Brittany


2,982 hotels
350,679 hotel reviews


If tranquillity, scenery and coastal walks are your thing, don’t miss out on Brittany!





Burgundy


1,324 hotels
242,762 hotel reviews


Put tranquillity, old town and wine on your to-do list for your next trip to Burgundy!





Centre


1,629 hotels
297,833 hotel reviews


Try Centre for your next trip and enjoy castles, tranquillity and old town while you’re there!





Champagne - Ardenne


689 hotels
146,436 hotel reviews


wine, tranquillity and cathedrals are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy Champagne - Ardenne.





Franche-Comté


484 hotels
75,569 hotel reviews


tranquillity, old town and nature are just a few reasons why you’ll love Franche-Comté.





Languedoc-Roussillon


4,135 hotels
464,167 hotel reviews


Languedoc-Roussillon is a great choice for travelers interested in tranquillity, old town and scenery.





Limousin


506 hotels
63,337 hotel reviews


Don’t miss out on Limousin! Top destination for tranquillity, old town and nature.





Lorraine


923 hotels
164,352 hotel reviews


If tranquillity, nature and old town are your thing, don’t miss out on Lorraine!





Midi-Pyrénées


2,789 hotels
337,825 hotel reviews


Try Midi-Pyrénées for your next trip and enjoy tranquillity, scenery and old town while you’re there!





Nord-Pas-de-Calais


1,316 hotels
274,675 hotel reviews


tranquillity, old town and restaurants are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy Nord-Pas-de-Calais.





Pays de la Loire


2,087 hotels
270,216 hotel reviews


Travelers choose Pays de la Loire for tranquillity, walking and restaurants.





Picardy


762 hotels
120,702 hotel reviews


Picardy is highly rated by travelers for tranquillity, nature and cathedrals.





Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur


9,940 hotels
1,116,706 hotel reviews


Don’t miss out on Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur! Top destination for scenery, tranquillity and old town.





Rhône-Alps


6,268 hotels
798,828 hotel reviews


Put scenery, tranquillity and mountains on your to-do list for your next trip to Rhône-Alps!





Corsica


1,419 hotels
187,417 hotel reviews


scenery, beaches and oceanside are just a few reasons why you’ll love Corsica.





Ile de France


5,369 hotels
1,864,229 hotel reviews


Don’t miss out on Ile de France! Top destination for museums, sightseeing and culture.





Nord


597 hotels
139,910 hotel reviews


old town, shopping and architecture are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy Nord.





Poitou-Charentes


1,538 hotels
222,613 hotel reviews


tranquillity, old town and restaurants are just a few reasons why you’ll love Poitou-Charentes.





Lower Normandy


2,158 hotels
297,066 hotel reviews


tranquillity, history and scenery are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy Lower Normandy.





Upper Normandy


865 hotels
156,489 hotel reviews


tranquillity, walking and scenery are just a few reasons why you’ll love Upper Normandy.



Discover other great regions in this country







We've negotiated with thousands of hotels
to get the very best deals. We call them Secret Deals and they only last for a limited time.

You can get these deals for free
by subscribing to our newsletters. You can even choose your favorite destinations to receive personalized deals.

Get started now by entering your email address.
We'll instantly send you a link to our Deal Finder!

Don't worry – your email address is safe with us.
We'll never share your private information and you can unsubscribe at any time.




Sign up for our newsletter and get first pick on discounts of 20% or more!



Please enter a valid email address

Sorry, it seems as though you’ve subscribed several times already. This may be a glitch, so please try again later.

Sorry, we’ve encountered an error. Please try again later.






My first name is


My email address is


Sign up





Your sign-up was successful
Soon you'll receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations!

You're done! You can close this window.




Thanks
Your sign-up was successful! We'll send you the latest on our half-price deals.

You can always manage your subscriptions by signing in to your account. You're done! You can close this window.

























Save time, save money!

Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you



Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals



Subscribe



Send me a link to get the FREE Booking.com app!


Please enter a valid email address.

Oops! An error has occurred.

Oops! An error has occurred.

You're subscribed! Your welcome email will arrive in your inbox soon.













Tablet version
|


Mobile version
|


Your Account



Make changes online to your booking









Become an affiliate



Booking.com for Business
























Countries



Regions



Cities



Districts



Airports



Hotels



Places of Interest







Vacation Rentals



Apartments



Resorts



Villas



Hostels



B&Bs;



Guesthouses







All Property Types



All Themes



Reviews



Unpacked: Travel articles







Car Rental



Flight Finder



Restaurant Reservations



Seek&Go;



Booking.com for Travel Agents







About Booking.com



Give website feedback





Customer Service Help



Careers



Press Center



Terms & Conditions



Privacy & Cookies



Contact Us







Booking.com B.V. is based in Amsterdam in the Netherlands, and is supported internationally by
198 offices
in 70 countries.






Copyright © 1996–2017
Booking.com™. All rights reserved.









Booking.com is part of The Priceline Group, the world leader in online travel & related services.



























Verified reviews from real guests.
We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from
real, verified guests.



How does it work?





1




It starts with a booking

The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property.








2




Followed by a trip

When guests stay at the property, they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff is, and more.








3




And finally, a review

After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site.





If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first.


Sign in and leave a review




«



































»





Su

Mo

Tu

We

Th

Fr

Sa




















































Close calendar





Sign in

Register





Loading...










Email Address



Booking.com Password




Forgot your password?





Or sign in with one click




Facebook



Google




Make changes to a booking with your
confirmation number and PIN



By logging into an account, you're agreeing with our
Terms & Conditions
and
Privacy Statement










Forgot your password?

Enter your email address and we'll send you a link to reset your password

Email address



Cancel



Email Sent

Please check your email and click the link to reset your password


Back to sign in









Enter your email address and we'll resend your confirmation







Please enter a valid email address.




For your most recent booking




For up to 5 of your most recent bookings



Resend






We've resent your requested confirmations to


Please note that email delivery can take up to 10 minutes

Close





Sorry, we were unable to resend your requested confirmations




Please check your email address and try again









Loading...














Email Address


Create Password







Or




Facebook



Google




Interested in
Booking.com for Business?


Make changes to a booking with your
confirmation number and PIN












Forgot your password?

Enter your email address and we'll send you a link to reset your password

Email address



Cancel



Email Sent

Please check your email and click the link to reset your password


Back to sign in




By creating an account, you're agreeing with our
Terms and Conditions
and
Privacy Statement
.


Become a Booking.com host!
Add your property here






View All Bookings


No registration required

Loading...











Where can I find this information?






Change dates

Edit guest details

Contact the property

Upgrade room

Cancel booking

And more...








Sign in or create an account
to see all your bookings

Can't find your confirmation email?



We'll resend it to you





Enter your email address and we'll resend your confirmation







Please enter a valid email address.




For your most recent booking




For up to 5 of your most recent bookings



Resend






We've resent your requested confirmations to


Please note that email delivery can take up to 10 minutes





Sorry, we were unable to resend your requested confirmations




Please check your email address and try again








Cancel






Loading...



Two Factor Authentication

A text message with a 6-digit verification code was just sent to the phone number associated with this account.


Enter your verification code:





Resend verification code





Other options




Loading...






343712,362211,358872,358531,337446,356818,352588,360761,355298,275824,362492,362817,363765,364162,337446|1,269862