











Discover Netherlands | Booking.com






























































































part of The Priceline Group






$






Loading















Choose your preferred language. We speak English (US) and 42 other languages.



Most often used by people in the United States








English (US)










English (UK)












Español










简体中文












日本語










한국어







All languages








English (UK)










English (US)










Deutsch










Nederlands










Français










Español










Español (AR)










Català










Italiano










Português (PT)










Português (BR)










Norsk










Suomi










Svenska










Dansk












Čeština










Magyar










Română










日本語










简体中文










繁體中文










Polski










Ελληνικά










Русский










Türkçe










Български










العربية










한국어










עברית










Latviski












Українська










Bahasa Indonesia










Bahasa Malaysia










ภาษาไทย










Eesti










Hrvatski










Lietuvių










Slovenčina










Srpski










Slovenščina










Tiếng Việt










Filipino










Íslenska












Refer Friends & Earn





List Your Property







Register







Sign in











Accommodations



Flights



Packages


Trains

Buses


Rental Cars



Airport Taxis



Restaurants









Home








Discover







Netherlands














Netherlands





Top Cities








Put beaches, beach walks and oceanside on your to-do list for your next trip to Zandvoort!







Zandvoort


255 hotels
30,462 hotel reviews









You'll love museums, shopping and beaches during your next trip to The Hague!

The long sandy beach of Scheveningen is a favorite seaside resort in the Netherlands. Featuring a good selection of water sports and entertainment venues, Scheveningen is a great for nature lovers and families. 
Booking.com has a variety of accommodations near the sea, as well as a selection of hotels, apartments and hostels in the city center. The Netherlands' main international airport, Schiphol, is 24 miles away while Rotterdam The Hague Airport is just 10 miles.







The Hague


105 hotels
59,879 hotel reviews









If beaches, beach walks and oceanside are your thing, don’t miss out on Scheveningen!







Scheveningen


62 hotels
36,719 hotel reviews









Try Rotterdam for your next trip and enjoy architecture, harbors and shopping while you’re there!

The Maritime Museum offers an open-air collection of ships, cranes and machinery. Moored on the south bank, the transatlantic liner SS Rotterdam is also worth a visit. Before landing at The Hague Rotterdam Airport, be sure not to miss the views of the buzzing harbor from the airplane.
Whether you’re looking for a cozy B&B; or a hip hotel made of glass and steel, Booking.com offers a wide variety of accommodations in the ""World City.""







Rotterdam


123 hotels
97,705 hotel reviews









shopping, restaurants and food are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy Maastricht.

Well-preserved city walls surround the Old Town and run close to the Maas River where boat trips are available. Underground are the Casemates, a visitable maze of defensive tunnels used in times of siege, while on the city’s outskirts are the St. Pietersberg Caves, former World War II shelters with intriguing wall art.
Before flying out of Maastricht Aachen Airport, don’t miss the fine art by Rubens and Van Dyck in the Bonnefanten Museum, a modern building reflecting the area’s pottery heritage.







Maastricht


90 hotels
70,322 hotel reviews









Amsterdam is a great choice for travelers interested in museums, city walks and sightseeing.

Shop till you drop at Amsterdam’s most luxury shopping street, PC Hooftstraat, the most popular street market at Albert Cuyp or in the fancy design shops of the Jordaan district. Famous pancakes and frites with mayonnaise are a must-try! The more adventurous traveler might want to try the pickled herring, followed closely by a local beer. 
All these attractions are just a short train ride from the Amsterdam’s Schiphol Airport. Whether you want to stay at a cozy hotel on a canal, a modern apartment in a quiet part of the city or a room in the center of everything, Booking.com has a perfect accommodation for your Amsterdam vacation.







Amsterdam


1,208 hotels
806,157 hotel reviews






Top Hotels








Grand Hotel Amrâth Kurhaus The Hague Scheveningen is located right at the beach of Scheveningen. The beach is a 3 minute walk from the property. WiFi access is available here, free of charge.

“Apart from the beauty of the hotel itself, the staff were incredibly helpful in every way. Highly recommended.”







Grand Hotel Amrâth Kurhaus The Hague Scheveningen


Average Review Score: 7.8








This unique hotel has simply-furnished rooms aboard a boat in the center of Amsterdam. Amstel Botel is on the River IJ and includes a bar.

“The room was great. We had two windows which was awesome. Free ferry, location was great.”







Botel


Average Review Score: 7.2








The Student Hotel Amsterdam City offers design accommodation within 15 minutes walking distance of the city centre.

“The staff were so kind and the whole environment was so friendly and nice. Comfortable and modern design. Everything had a touch of love and youth and I really didn't want to leave there after a week. I certainly would come back and try it for more days.”







The Student Hotel Amsterdam City


Average Review Score: 8.7








Van der Valk Schiphol is 10 minutes’ drive from Schiphol Airport and 21 km from Amsterdam. Guests benefit from the free shuttle service and free Wi-Fi throughout the hotel.

“Great bed. Efficient check in and out. Soundproof room.”







Van der Valk Hotel A4 Schiphol


Average Review Score: 8.3








Just under a quarter of a mile from the beach, Hotel Zuiderduin’s spa includes an indoor pool, 3 saunas and racquetball facilities. Its rooms have box-spring beds, satellite TV and a private balcony.

“Very nice place! Very good in summer I think!”







Hotel Zuiderduin


Average Review Score: 8.3








This holiday park offers accommodation with free Wi-Fi 1 km from De Cocksdorp. The park includes 3 restaurants, a supermarket and both indoor and outdoor swimming pools plus sauna facilities.

“Wonderful vacation park for families and outdoor enthusiasts!  Our accommodation was very clean and had plenty of space.  We enjoyed the swimming pool and convenient bike rental on location. You can bike everywhere nearby to include the beach, town, lighthouse, nature points.  A free cup of coffee in the supermarket was also a nice treat each morning! Had so much fun we stayed an extra day. We hope to be able to visit again.”







Vakantiepark De Krim Texel


Average Review Score: 8.4





Areas of Interest or Regions in the Netherlands









Drenthe


326 hotels
31,356 hotel reviews


cycling, tranquillity and walking are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy Drenthe.





Flevoland


59 hotels
10,175 hotel reviews


nature, shopping and cycling are just a few reasons why you’ll love Flevoland.





Friesland


611 hotels
82,769 hotel reviews


Friesland is highly rated by travelers for cycling, tranquillity and walking.





Gelderland


676 hotels
122,324 hotel reviews


Gelderland is a great choice for travelers interested in walking, cycling and nature.





Groningen Province


222 hotels
44,282 hotel reviews


Don’t miss out on Groningen Province! Top destination for shopping, restaurants and museums.





Limburg


701 hotels
182,534 hotel reviews


If walking, shopping and scenery are your thing, don’t miss out on Limburg!





Noord-Brabant


614 hotels
142,738 hotel reviews


You'll love shopping, restaurants and food during your next trip to Noord-Brabant!





Noord-Holland


2,531 hotels
1,041,781 hotel reviews


Try Noord-Holland for your next trip and enjoy museums, walking and city walks while you’re there!





Overijssel


417 hotels
63,401 hotel reviews


walking, cycling and scenery are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy Overijssel.





Utrecht Province


271 hotels
77,766 hotel reviews


Travelers choose Utrecht Province for old town, shopping and walking.





Zeeland


706 hotels
103,474 hotel reviews


Zeeland is highly rated by travelers for beaches, beach walks and tranquillity.





Zuid-Holland


804 hotels
328,144 hotel reviews


Zuid-Holland – the ideal getaway for beaches, shopping and walking!



Discover other great regions in this country







We've negotiated with thousands of hotels
to get the very best deals. We call them Secret Deals and they only last for a limited time.

You can get these deals for free
by subscribing to our newsletters. You can even choose your favorite destinations to receive personalized deals.

Get started now by entering your email address.
We'll instantly send you a link to our Deal Finder!

Don't worry – your email address is safe with us.
We'll never share your private information and you can unsubscribe at any time.




Sign up for our newsletter and get first pick on discounts of 20% or more!



Please enter a valid email address

Sorry, it seems as though you’ve subscribed several times already. This may be a glitch, so please try again later.

Sorry, we’ve encountered an error. Please try again later.






My first name is


My email address is


Sign up





Your sign-up was successful
Soon you'll receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations!

You're done! You can close this window.




Thanks
Your sign-up was successful! We'll send you the latest on our half-price deals.

You can always manage your subscriptions by signing in to your account. You're done! You can close this window.

























Save time, save money!

Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you



Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals



Subscribe



Send me a link to get the FREE Booking.com app!


Please enter a valid email address.

Oops! An error has occurred.

Oops! An error has occurred.

You're subscribed! Your welcome email will arrive in your inbox soon.













Tablet version
|


Mobile version
|


Your Account



Make changes online to your booking









Become an affiliate



Booking.com for Business
























Countries



Regions



Cities



Districts



Airports



Hotels



Places of Interest







Vacation Rentals



Apartments



Resorts



Villas



Hostels



B&Bs;



Guesthouses







All Property Types



All Themes



Reviews



Unpacked: Travel articles







Car Rental



Flight Finder



Restaurant Reservations



Seek&Go;



Booking.com for Travel Agents







About Booking.com



Give website feedback





Customer Service Help



Careers



Press Center



Terms & Conditions



Privacy & Cookies



Contact Us







Booking.com B.V. is based in Amsterdam in the Netherlands, and is supported internationally by
198 offices
in 70 countries.






Copyright © 1996–2017
Booking.com™. All rights reserved.









Booking.com is part of The Priceline Group, the world leader in online travel & related services.



























Verified reviews from real guests.
We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from
real, verified guests.



How does it work?





1




It starts with a booking

The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property.








2




Followed by a trip

When guests stay at the property, they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff is, and more.








3




And finally, a review

After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site.





If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first.


Sign in and leave a review




«



































»





Su

Mo

Tu

We

Th

Fr

Sa




















































Close calendar





Sign in

Register





Loading...










Email Address



Booking.com Password




Forgot your password?





Or sign in with one click




Facebook



Google




Make changes to a booking with your
confirmation number and PIN



By logging into an account, you're agreeing with our
Terms & Conditions
and
Privacy Statement










Forgot your password?

Enter your email address and we'll send you a link to reset your password

Email address



Cancel



Email Sent

Please check your email and click the link to reset your password


Back to sign in









Enter your email address and we'll resend your confirmation







Please enter a valid email address.




For your most recent booking




For up to 5 of your most recent bookings



Resend






We've resent your requested confirmations to


Please note that email delivery can take up to 10 minutes

Close





Sorry, we were unable to resend your requested confirmations




Please check your email address and try again









Loading...














Email Address


Create Password







Or




Facebook



Google




Interested in
Booking.com for Business?


Make changes to a booking with your
confirmation number and PIN












Forgot your password?

Enter your email address and we'll send you a link to reset your password

Email address



Cancel



Email Sent

Please check your email and click the link to reset your password


Back to sign in




By creating an account, you're agreeing with our
Terms and Conditions
and
Privacy Statement
.


Become a Booking.com host!
Add your property here






View All Bookings


No registration required

Loading...











Where can I find this information?






Change dates

Edit guest details

Contact the property

Upgrade room

Cancel booking

And more...








Sign in or create an account
to see all your bookings

Can't find your confirmation email?



We'll resend it to you





Enter your email address and we'll resend your confirmation







Please enter a valid email address.




For your most recent booking




For up to 5 of your most recent bookings



Resend






We've resent your requested confirmations to


Please note that email delivery can take up to 10 minutes





Sorry, we were unable to resend your requested confirmations




Please check your email address and try again








Cancel






Loading...



Two Factor Authentication

A text message with a 6-digit verification code was just sent to the phone number associated with this account.


Enter your verification code:





Resend verification code





Other options




Loading...






361470,356818,352588,364162,358531,275824,363765,360761,337446|1,355298,362492,362211,358872,337446,362817,343712,269862