











Discover Italy | Booking.com






























































































part of The Priceline Group






$






Loading















Choose your preferred language. We speak English (US) and 42 other languages.



Most often used by people in the United States








English (US)










English (UK)












Español










简体中文












日本語










한국어







All languages








English (UK)










English (US)










Deutsch










Nederlands










Français










Español










Español (AR)










Català










Italiano










Português (PT)










Português (BR)










Norsk










Suomi










Svenska










Dansk












Čeština










Magyar










Română










日本語










简体中文










繁體中文










Polski










Ελληνικά










Русский










Türkçe










Български










العربية










한국어










עברית










Latviski












Українська










Bahasa Indonesia










Bahasa Malaysia










ภาษาไทย










Eesti










Hrvatski










Lietuvių










Slovenčina










Srpski










Slovenščina










Tiếng Việt










Filipino










Íslenska












Refer Friends & Earn





List Your Property







Register







Sign in











Accommodations



Flights



Packages


Trains

Buses


Rental Cars



Airport Taxis



Restaurants









Home








Discover







Italy














Italy





Top Cities








Venice – the ideal getaway for architecture, romance and sightseeing!

The Venetian Carnival is an unforgettable experience, with or without a mask. The latest trends in modern art are on display at the Venice Biennale and Italy's cinema take center stage at the world’s oldest Film Festival. 
Buses and boats run from Marco Polo International Airport and Treviso Airport to the city center. From luxury hotels, to comfortable B&B;, to self-catered apartments, Booking.com has great accommodations for your trip to Venice.







Venice


1,573 hotels
425,924 hotel reviews









You'll love history, monuments and ancient landmarks during your next trip to Rome!

Make sure you explore the popular Trastevere and its cafes and trattorias, sit down on the Spanish Steps or just relax and enjoy Rome’s picturesque and sunny atmosphere. Rome will surely convince you that it is one of Italy’s gems. 
No matter if you’re looking for a room with a view, a cheap hostel or an over-the-top design hotel, Booking.com offers all of them and more. Close proximity to the Termini Train Station, Fiumicino and Ciampino Airports is included.







Rome


7,088 hotels
1,361,734 hotel reviews









Don’t miss out on Rimini! Top destination for beaches, relaxation and entertainment.

For silence and shade, head to Borgo San Giuliano, an area of the town with pastel-painted houses and pedestrian streets. There are also remnants of the town’s Roman past to explore: Tiberius bridge, the Roman arch and the 3rd-century Surgeon’s House. 
The colonnades of the Old Fish Market make a pleasant spot for a drink before heading back to your Rimini apartment, hotel or B&B.; See Booking.com for the best offers.







Rimini


574 hotels
128,973 hotel reviews









Try Riccione for your next trip and enjoy shopping, entertainment and beaches while you’re there!







Riccione


196 hotels
34,998 hotel reviews









Travelers choose Milan for shopping, cathedrals and luxury brand shopping.

The Navigli and Porta Romana districts are famed for restaurants and bars serving delicious Lombard cuisine and the very popular aperitivo. Make sure you try sweet delicacies at the chic Caffé Cova, founded in 1817, or another historical café, Zucca, in the Galleria. 
Arriving at Malpensa or Linate Airports, you’re only a short trip from the city centre, where you can watch a game at the San Siro or enjoy Milan Fashion Week. Whether you’re staying in a chic apartment, design hotel or budget hostel, Booking.com has a perfect place to stay for your travels in Milan.







Milan


1,761 hotels
625,766 hotel reviews









Lido di Jesolo – the ideal getaway for beaches, sandy beaches and relaxation!







Lido di Jesolo


262 hotels
54,884 hotel reviews






Top Hotels








Gardaland Hotel features landscaped gardens with a large lagoon pool, and free parking. It is 2 km from Lake Garda, and offers a free shuttle to Italy's most famous theme park every 30 minutes.

“The luxury in the rooms and quallity of the breakfast is all of the best.”







Gardaland Hotel Resort


Average Review Score: 8.2








Featuring traditional architecture from Puglia and a panoramic setting in the Mediterranean vegetation, Borgo Egnazia Hotel offers 4 swimming pools and a 19,375-ft² spa center.

“Everything! Amazing luxury place for parents and kids”







Borgo Egnazia


Average Review Score: 9.5








Overlooking the Mediterranean Sea from a cliff, Città del Mare is in Terrasini Favarotta, 12 miles from Palermo Airport. The estate features 3 swimming pools with slides, and a private beach.

“The pools and slide were everything we hoped for.  We had such fun sliding into the Mediterranean.   The views from the rooms and common area were beautiful.   The price was reasonable.”







Città del Mare Hotel Village


Average Review Score: 6.8








Boasting a private beach on the coast of Puglia and 2 outdoor pools, Le Cale D'Otranto Beach Resort features air-conditioned rooms, 2 restaurants and a pizzeria.

“We stayed four nights and overall had a great stay. The location is wonderful with access to two private beaches, great atmosphere, friendly staff and good food options at the breakfast, lunch and dinner buffets.”







Le Cale D'Otranto Beach Resort


Average Review Score: 7.9








Offering an outdoor swimming pool and a garden, the Plana Resort is located inside a private park in Castel Volturno. It offers lakefront rooms with modern décor.

“This would be fun in the summer - pools, activities etc. (we were there on a cool March day)Breakfast was greatNice room, with a fridge (but no kettle etc)”







Plana Resort


Average Review Score: 8.2








This large waterpark and resort is on 30 acres of pine forests, 8 miles north of Piombino. Facilities include 2 restaurants, a bar and a grocery store.

“Beautiful place! We loved our time there. Mobile home very clean and comfortable. Will return again.”







Park Albatros


Average Review Score: 8.2





Areas of Interest or Regions in Italy









Calabria


1,940 hotels
83,934 hotel reviews


Calabria is highly rated by travelers for oceanside, beaches and relaxation.





Campania


6,693 hotels
613,964 hotel reviews


Campania – the ideal getaway for scenery, food and relaxation!





Emilia-Romagna


4,933 hotels
725,701 hotel reviews


Don’t miss out on Emilia-Romagna! Top destination for food, old town and fine dining.





Friuli Venezia Giulia


1,610 hotels
196,387 hotel reviews


Put food, old town and tranquillity on your to-do list for your next trip to Friuli Venezia Giulia!





Lazio


11,414 hotels
1,577,545 hotel reviews


history, monuments and ancient landmarks are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy Lazio.





Liguria


4,556 hotels
481,399 hotel reviews


oceanside, scenery and relaxation are just a few reasons why you’ll love Liguria.





Lombardy


9,097 hotels
1,469,190 hotel reviews


Travelers choose Lombardy for shopping, food and scenery.





Marche


2,222 hotels
148,751 hotel reviews


Marche is a great choice for travelers interested in tranquillity, relaxation and scenery.





Piedmont


4,275 hotels
414,041 hotel reviews


Piedmont – the ideal getaway for food, tranquillity and scenery!





Apulia


8,056 hotels
391,140 hotel reviews


If old town, food and oceanside are your thing, don’t miss out on Apulia!





Sardinia


5,473 hotels
337,119 hotel reviews


Put beaches, oceanside and sandy beaches on your to-do list for your next trip to Sardinia!





Sicily


12,580 hotels
734,816 hotel reviews


You'll love food, old town and oceanside during your next trip to Sicily!





Tuscany


13,163 hotels
1,377,540 hotel reviews


food, scenery and old town are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy Tuscany.





Trentino Alto Adige


6,300 hotels
546,930 hotel reviews


scenery, nature and relaxation are just a few reasons why you’ll love Trentino Alto Adige.





Umbria


2,431 hotels
173,562 hotel reviews


Umbria is highly rated by travelers for tranquillity, scenery and old town.





Valle d'Aosta


995 hotels
94,595 hotel reviews


Valle d'Aosta is a great choice for travelers interested in mountains, scenery and nature.





Veneto


8,546 hotels
1,366,587 hotel reviews


Don’t miss out on Veneto! Top destination for old town, food and relaxation.





Abruzzo


1,630 hotels
101,575 hotel reviews


Abruzzo is highly rated by travelers for tranquillity, relaxation and fine dining.





Basilicata


1,034 hotels
68,102 hotel reviews


You'll love scenery, old town and history during your next trip to Basilicata!





Molise


247 hotels
11,958 hotel reviews


tranquillity, old town and fine dining are just a few reasons why you’ll love Molise.



Discover other great regions in this country







We've negotiated with thousands of hotels
to get the very best deals. We call them Secret Deals and they only last for a limited time.

You can get these deals for free
by subscribing to our newsletters. You can even choose your favorite destinations to receive personalized deals.

Get started now by entering your email address.
We'll instantly send you a link to our Deal Finder!

Don't worry – your email address is safe with us.
We'll never share your private information and you can unsubscribe at any time.




Sign up for our newsletter and get first pick on discounts of 20% or more!



Please enter a valid email address

Sorry, it seems as though you’ve subscribed several times already. This may be a glitch, so please try again later.

Sorry, we’ve encountered an error. Please try again later.






My first name is


My email address is


Sign up





Your sign-up was successful
Soon you'll receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations!

You're done! You can close this window.




Thanks
Your sign-up was successful! We'll send you the latest on our half-price deals.

You can always manage your subscriptions by signing in to your account. You're done! You can close this window.

























Save time, save money!

Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you



Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals



Subscribe



Send me a link to get the FREE Booking.com app!


Please enter a valid email address.

Oops! An error has occurred.

Oops! An error has occurred.

You're subscribed! Your welcome email will arrive in your inbox soon.













Tablet version
|


Mobile version
|


Your Account



Make changes online to your booking









Become an affiliate



Booking.com for Business
























Countries



Regions



Cities



Districts



Airports



Hotels



Places of Interest







Vacation Rentals



Apartments



Resorts



Villas



Hostels



B&Bs;



Guesthouses







All Property Types



All Themes



Reviews



Unpacked: Travel articles







Car Rental



Flight Finder



Restaurant Reservations



Seek&Go;



Booking.com for Travel Agents







About Booking.com



Give website feedback





Customer Service Help



Careers



Press Center



Terms & Conditions



Privacy & Cookies



Contact Us







Booking.com B.V. is based in Amsterdam in the Netherlands, and is supported internationally by
198 offices
in 70 countries.






Copyright © 1996–2017
Booking.com™. All rights reserved.









Booking.com is part of The Priceline Group, the world leader in online travel & related services.



























Verified reviews from real guests.
We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from
real, verified guests.



How does it work?





1




It starts with a booking

The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property.








2




Followed by a trip

When guests stay at the property, they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff is, and more.








3




And finally, a review

After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site.





If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first.


Sign in and leave a review




«



































»





Su

Mo

Tu

We

Th

Fr

Sa




















































Close calendar





Sign in

Register





Loading...










Email Address



Booking.com Password




Forgot your password?





Or sign in with one click




Facebook



Google




Make changes to a booking with your
confirmation number and PIN



By logging into an account, you're agreeing with our
Terms & Conditions
and
Privacy Statement










Forgot your password?

Enter your email address and we'll send you a link to reset your password

Email address



Cancel



Email Sent

Please check your email and click the link to reset your password


Back to sign in









Enter your email address and we'll resend your confirmation







Please enter a valid email address.




For your most recent booking




For up to 5 of your most recent bookings



Resend






We've resent your requested confirmations to


Please note that email delivery can take up to 10 minutes

Close





Sorry, we were unable to resend your requested confirmations




Please check your email address and try again









Loading...














Email Address


Create Password







Or




Facebook



Google




Interested in
Booking.com for Business?


Make changes to a booking with your
confirmation number and PIN












Forgot your password?

Enter your email address and we'll send you a link to reset your password

Email address



Cancel



Email Sent

Please check your email and click the link to reset your password


Back to sign in




By creating an account, you're agreeing with our
Terms and Conditions
and
Privacy Statement
.


Become a Booking.com host!
Add your property here






View All Bookings


No registration required

Loading...











Where can I find this information?






Change dates

Edit guest details

Contact the property

Upgrade room

Cancel booking

And more...








Sign in or create an account
to see all your bookings

Can't find your confirmation email?



We'll resend it to you





Enter your email address and we'll resend your confirmation







Please enter a valid email address.




For your most recent booking




For up to 5 of your most recent bookings



Resend






We've resent your requested confirmations to


Please note that email delivery can take up to 10 minutes





Sorry, we were unable to resend your requested confirmations




Please check your email address and try again








Cancel






Loading...



Two Factor Authentication

A text message with a 6-digit verification code was just sent to the phone number associated with this account.


Enter your verification code:





Resend verification code





Other options




Loading...






360761,363765,364162,358531,345677,356818,352588,361470,362817,343712,269862,337446,358872,355298,362492,362211,337446|1