











Discover Thailand | Booking.com






























































































part of The Priceline Group






$






Loading















Choose your preferred language. We speak English (US) and 42 other languages.



Most often used by people in the United States








English (US)










English (UK)












Español










简体中文












日本語










한국어







All languages








English (UK)










English (US)










Deutsch










Nederlands










Français










Español










Español (AR)










Català










Italiano










Português (PT)










Português (BR)










Norsk










Suomi










Svenska










Dansk












Čeština










Magyar










Română










日本語










简体中文










繁體中文










Polski










Ελληνικά










Русский










Türkçe










Български










العربية










한국어










עברית










Latviski












Українська










Bahasa Indonesia










Bahasa Malaysia










ภาษาไทย










Eesti










Hrvatski










Lietuvių










Slovenčina










Srpski










Slovenščina










Tiếng Việt










Filipino










Íslenska












Refer Friends & Earn





List Your Property







Register







Sign in











Accommodations



Flights



Packages


Trains

Buses


Rental Cars



Airport Taxis



Restaurants









Home








Discover







Thailand














Thailand





Top Cities








Travelers choose Bangkok for shopping, food and temples.

To step out of the frenetic energy of street food stalls, amulet markets and the sizzling temperatures, discover an oasis of calm in one of the many Buddhist temples. Be awed by the majesty of the Grand Palace and marvel at the world’s longest reclining Buddha at Wat Pho. While you’re there why not relax even more with a traditional Thai massage? 
From the sky-scraping luxury hotels with world famous rooftop bars to a cheap hostel bed in the center of town, Booking.com will help you explore all that Bangkok has to offer.







Bangkok


1,772 hotels
703,986 hotel reviews









Don’t miss out on Patong Beach! Top destination for nightlife, beaches and food.







Patong Beach


606 hotels
132,332 hotel reviews









You'll love relaxation, beaches and night markets during your next trip to Hua Hin!







Hua Hin


439 hotels
46,677 hotel reviews









Travelers choose Chiang Mai for temples, night markets and food.

Hotels in Chiang Mai’s old city center are a popular choice, with picturesque scenery featuring moat and older temples. Chiang Mai hotels can also be found around the Chang Klhan Rd, where the famous Night Bazaar takes place.
The city’s nightlife runs along the Loi Kroh Rd, while Ratchadamneon Road hosts the main Sunday night pedestrian market. Don’t forget to buy an umbrella from Bo Sang and eat a bowl of kao soi. 
Whether you arrive at Chiang Mai International Airport or come by land from Bangkok, don’t miss 'The Rose of the North' deals on Booking.com!







Chiang Mai


1,101 hotels
192,284 hotel reviews









Travelers choose Pattaya Central for nightlife, shopping and relaxation.

Pattaya’s offshore islands of Ko Larn, Ko Krok or Ko Sak are perfect places to enjoy a more relaxed atmosphere, pristine beaches and great scuba diving. To fully get in touch with Thai culture, be sure not to miss the Wat Khao Phra Bat Temple and the Temple of Truth.
Whether arriving at Suvarnabhumi Airport or Don Muang Airport, don’t forget to check the deals on Booking.com before traveling!







Pattaya Central


346 hotels
76,494 hotel reviews









If relaxation, beaches and food are your thing, don’t miss out on Jomtien Beach!







Jomtien Beach


265 hotels
22,610 hotel reviews






Top Hotels








Keemala is nestled amidst lush flora atop rolling hills overlooking Kamala Village and the Andaman Sea. This resort boasts a spa and wellness centre, soothing massage treatments and a restaurant.

“I tried all of the 4 villas, all are awesome, staff are super friendly, all villas are amazing honestly with amazing diffrent conceptsAnd also liked that all toilets have water sprayer”







Keemala


Average Review Score: 8.8








Featuring panoramic views of Bangkok, Baiyoke Sky Hotel stands at 88-storeys, making it Thailand’s tallest hotel. It features a revolving roof deck, observation deck and 7 dining options.

“Best location Walking distance to SiamHalaal food avail close by”







Baiyoke Sky Hotel


Average Review Score: 7.5








Perched atop Cape Panwa, the luxurious Sri Panwa Phuket is spread out over 40 acres of tropical rainforest.

“We loved every little thing about our stay here at Sri Panwa. Loved how it was far away from the hustle of the main tourist areas. We ventured out of the grounds  to the water where the restaurants are, and was very nice and relaxing  with some nice local meals.The luxury pool villa was awesome better then we were expecting, with the pool water nice and refreshing was a great way to spend 5 days.Restaurants were top notch and enjoyed the relaxing drinks at babas nest.All the staff were extremely helpful, friendly and made us feel very welcome.Well done on a great atmosphere guys.We cannot wait to call by again.”







Sri Panwa Phuket Luxury Pool Villa Hotel


Average Review Score: 9.1








Exciting beach holidays await at Centara Grand Mirage with a beachfront water theme park and direct beach access. Featuring stunning ocean views, it has fitness facilities and 8 dining options.

“There's not enough good to say about the Centara Grand Mirage; wonderful sea views, comfy bed, great shower, delightful breakfast...the list goes on and on. The staff exceeds expectations; they're great. And the Carpe Diem staff organized some pretty fun activities. I played table tennis for the first time in years! And you should see all the guests joining in the water aerobics. Kudos to Ivan & Tamara.”







Centara Grand Mirage Beach Resort Pattaya


Average Review Score: 8.4








The Ambassador offers both spa and therapy room right in Bangkok’s nightlife area, Sukhumvit 11 Road. Providing free parking, it is topped with an outdoor pool and 8 cafe venues.

“For 7 years coming to thailand i havent seen like this hotel. The location is perfect. Big rooms at the tower wing. Very friendly staff and good value of money. Also its 2 minutes from the metro station. 28 bat to siam paragon and MBK mall.I recomend everyone to give it a try.”







Ambassador Hotel Bangkok


Average Review Score: 6.6








The luxurious lebua at State Tower is located in Bangkok’s Silom Area, overlooking the Chao Phraya River. The hotel offers a rooftop restaurant and a free shuttle to Saphan Taksin BTS Station.

“We enjoyed so much the first time that we came back. Very comfortable stay.”







lebua at State Tower


Average Review Score: 8.9





Areas of Interest or Regions in Thailand









Kanchanaburi Province


146 hotels
19,425 hotel reviews


Kanchanaburi Province – the ideal getaway for nature, waterfalls and history!





Phuket Province


2,103 hotels
279,802 hotel reviews


beaches, relaxation and sandy beaches are just a few reasons why you’ll love Phuket Province.





Phetchabun Province


82 hotels
2,919 hotel reviews


Put clean air, nature and scenery on your to-do list for your next trip to Phetchabun Province!





Bangkok Province


2,054 hotels
748,395 hotel reviews


shopping, food and temples are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy Bangkok Province.





Chiang Mai Province


1,434 hotels
193,908 hotel reviews


Chiang Mai Province is highly rated by travelers for temples, night markets and relaxation.





Phang Nga Province


238 hotels
26,379 hotel reviews


relaxation, tranquillity and beaches are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy Phang Nga Province.





Krabi Province


1,064 hotels
206,237 hotel reviews


Krabi Province is highly rated by travelers for beaches, relaxation and snorkeling.





Chiang Rai Province


317 hotels
30,584 hotel reviews


Chiang Rai Province is a great choice for travelers interested in nature, temples and relaxation.





Trat Province


288 hotels
42,156 hotel reviews


Don’t miss out on Trat Province! Top destination for relaxation, beaches and nature.





Surat Thani Province


1,660 hotels
211,955 hotel reviews


If beaches, relaxation and tranquillity are your thing, don’t miss out on Surat Thani Province!





Chon Buri Province


1,678 hotels
154,349 hotel reviews


You'll love nightlife, relaxation and beaches during your next trip to Chon Buri Province!





Rayong Province


252 hotels
24,222 hotel reviews


You'll love relaxation, beaches and sandy beaches during your next trip to Rayong Province!





Lat Krabang


146 hotels
74,195 hotel reviews


budget friendly travel, convenient public transportation and shopping are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy Lat Krabang.





Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Province


104 hotels
18,745 hotel reviews


temples, ancient landmarks and history are just a few reasons why you’ll love Phra Nakhon Si Ayutthaya Province.





Songkhla Province


171 hotels
11,229 hotel reviews


Travelers choose Songkhla Province for food, shopping and relaxation.





Petchaburi Province


274 hotels
14,608 hotel reviews


Petchaburi Province is a great choice for travelers interested in relaxation, beaches and seafood.





Chanthaburi Province


89 hotels
5,430 hotel reviews


Chanthaburi Province – the ideal getaway for relaxation, seafood and beaches!





Prachuap Khiri Khan Province


812 hotels
54,906 hotel reviews


If relaxation, beaches and seafood are your thing, don’t miss out on Prachuap Khiri Khan Province!





Khon Kaen Province


94 hotels
6,550 hotel reviews


friendly locals, food and temples are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy Khon Kaen Province.





Chumphon Province


56 hotels
4,496 hotel reviews


Try Chumphon Province for your next trip and enjoy tranquillity, beaches and relaxation while you’re there!





Ranong Province


76 hotels
4,709 hotel reviews


relaxation, nature and tranquillity are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy Ranong Province.





Nakhon Si Thammarat


103 hotels
3,350 hotel reviews


Travelers choose Nakhon Si Thammarat for tranquillity, relaxation and nature.





Khao Sok Province


2 hotels
40 hotel reviews






Ratchaburi Province


67 hotels
2,472 hotel reviews


ambiance, nature and relaxation are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy Ratchaburi Province.





Sukhothai Province


92 hotels
13,666 hotel reviews


Sukhothai Province – the ideal getaway for temples, history and ancient landmarks!





Mae Hong Son Province


224 hotels
25,627 hotel reviews


If relaxation, nature and scenery are your thing, don’t miss out on Mae Hong Son Province!





Lampang Province


62 hotels
3,749 hotel reviews


Travelers choose Lampang Province for temples, tranquillity and friendly locals.





Trang Province


91 hotels
9,005 hotel reviews


Trang Province – the ideal getaway for relaxation, tranquillity and beaches!





Nakhon Nayok Province


24 hotels
711 hotel reviews


nature, waterfalls and clean air are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy Nakhon Nayok Province.





Nonthaburi Province


89 hotels
3,127 hotel reviews


If food, markets and shopping are your thing, don’t miss out on Nonthaburi Province!





Prachinburi Province


36 hotels
892 hotel reviews


Don’t miss out on Prachinburi Province! Top destination for relaxation, nature and tranquillity.





Sakon Nakhon Province


23 hotels
564 hotel reviews


Sakon Nakhon Province – the ideal getaway for temples, friendly locals and culture!





Nakhon Ratchasima Province


282 hotels
15,084 hotel reviews


nature, relaxation and clean air are just a few reasons why you’ll love Nakhon Ratchasima Province.





Udon Thani Province


103 hotels
7,855 hotel reviews


Udon Thani Province is a great choice for travelers interested in food, relaxation and friendly locals.





Loei Province


50 hotels
1,871 hotel reviews


If ambiance, nature and tranquillity are your thing, don’t miss out on Loei Province!





Nong Khai Province


35 hotels
2,451 hotel reviews


You'll love relaxation, markets and tranquillity during your next trip to Nong Khai Province!





Buriram Province


57 hotels
2,420 hotel reviews


soccer, sports and friendly locals are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy Buriram Province.





Satun Province


71 hotels
9,808 hotel reviews


If beaches, snorkeling and relaxation are your thing, don’t miss out on Satun Province!





Narathiwas Province


10 hotels
122 hotel reviews


You'll love culture, local food and alternative culture during your next trip to Narathiwas Province!





Pattani Province


1 hotel
33 hotel reviews






Yala Province


5 hotels
150 hotel reviews


outdoor activities, motorcycling and beer are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy Yala Province.





Saraburi Province


49 hotels
1,708 hotel reviews


Saraburi Province is a great choice for travelers interested in clean air, relaxation and nature.





Phitsanuloke Province


60 hotels
4,958 hotel reviews


Phitsanuloke Province is highly rated by travelers for temples, history and food.





Nan Province


70 hotels
2,357 hotel reviews


Nan Province is a great choice for travelers interested in temples, nature and friendly locals.





Lamphun Province


21 hotels
422 hotel reviews


If temples, culture and atmosphere are your thing, don’t miss out on Lamphun Province!





Phayao Province


19 hotels
608 hotel reviews


Put tranquillity, lakes and scenery on your to-do list for your next trip to Phayao Province!





Phrae Province


19 hotels
988 hotel reviews


temples, friendly locals and history are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy Phrae Province.





Nakornsawan Province


29 hotels
1,723 hotel reviews


Travelers choose Nakornsawan Province for temples, food and restaurants.





Kamphang Phet Province


14 hotels
686 hotel reviews


Kamphang Phet Province is highly rated by travelers for ancient landmarks, old town and tranquillity.





Surin Province


16 hotels
514 hotel reviews


Surin Province is a great choice for travelers interested in friendly locals, temples and markets.





Samut Prakan Province


28 hotels
370 hotel reviews


Don’t miss out on Samut Prakan Province! Top destination for relaxation, friendly locals and restaurants.





Tak Province


39 hotels
2,060 hotel reviews


You'll love nature, food and tranquillity during your next trip to Tak Province!





Samut Songkhram


52 hotels
3,150 hotel reviews


Travelers choose Samut Songkhram for markets, relaxation and ambiance.





Pran Buri Province


97 hotels
3,764 hotel reviews


If tranquillity, relaxation and nature are your thing, don’t miss out on Pran Buri Province!





Roi Et Province


10 hotels
435 hotel reviews


Try Roi Et Province for your next trip and enjoy temples, relaxation and food while you’re there!





Chaiyaphum Province


12 hotels
224 hotel reviews


nature, tourist attractions and spicy food are just a few reasons why you’ll love Chaiyaphum Province.





Sisaket Province


14 hotels
327 hotel reviews


Sisaket Province is a great choice for travelers interested in friendly locals, culture and temples.





Yasothon Province


2 hotels





Amnat Charoen Province


2 hotels
10 hotel reviews


Don’t miss out on Amnat Charoen Province! Top destination for nature, friendly locals and temples.





Ubon Ratchathani Province


59 hotels
3,554 hotel reviews


Put temples, nature and local food on your to-do list for your next trip to Ubon Ratchathani Province!





Maha Sarakham Province


6 hotels
112 hotel reviews






Nong Bua Lamphu Province


3 hotels
45 hotel reviews


You'll love temples, markets and safari during your next trip to Nong Bua Lamphu Province!





Bueng Kan Province


2 hotels
9 hotel reviews


Try Bueng Kan Province for your next trip and enjoy countryside, relaxation and nature walks while you’re there!





Nakhon Phanom Province


22 hotels
1,019 hotel reviews


temples, riverside walks and culture are just a few reasons why you’ll love Nakhon Phanom Province.





Mukdahan Province


15 hotels
794 hotel reviews


Travelers choose Mukdahan Province for markets, scenery and relaxation.





Kalasin Province


11 hotels
230 hotel reviews


Kalasin Province is a great choice for travelers interested in nature, food and monuments.





Lopburi Province


22 hotels
1,684 hotel reviews


Lopburi Province is highly rated by travelers for ancient landmarks, temples and old town.





Singburi Province


10 hotels
270 hotel reviews


Singburi Province is a great choice for travelers interested in temples, relaxation and tranquillity.





Chainat Province


3 hotels
64 hotel reviews


Don’t miss out on Chainat Province! Top destination for temples, bird watching and relaxation.





Ang Thong Province


2 hotels
30 hotel reviews


If ancient landmarks, photography and culture are your thing, don’t miss out on Ang Thong Province!





Samut Sakhon Province


6 hotels
184 hotel reviews


Don’t miss out on Samut Sakhon Province! Top destination for seafood, photography and meeting new people.





Pathumthani Province


37 hotels
2,075 hotel reviews


If markets, shopping and tranquillity are your thing, don’t miss out on Pathumthani Province!





Sa Kaeo Province


23 hotels
1,318 hotel reviews


You'll love shopping, markets and nature during your next trip to Sa Kaeo Province!





Uttaradit Province


12 hotels
349 hotel reviews


Try Uttaradit Province for your next trip and enjoy history, atmosphere and cleanliness while you’re there!





Nakhonpathom Province


30 hotels
1,207 hotel reviews


temples, relaxation and markets are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy Nakhonpathom Province.





Chachoengsao Province


13 hotels
339 hotel reviews


Travelers choose Chachoengsao Province for temples, restaurants and tranquillity.



Discover other great regions in this country







We've negotiated with thousands of hotels
to get the very best deals. We call them Secret Deals and they only last for a limited time.

You can get these deals for free
by subscribing to our newsletters. You can even choose your favorite destinations to receive personalized deals.

Get started now by entering your email address.
We'll instantly send you a link to our Deal Finder!

Don't worry – your email address is safe with us.
We'll never share your private information and you can unsubscribe at any time.




Sign up for our newsletter and get first pick on discounts of 20% or more!



Please enter a valid email address

Sorry, it seems as though you’ve subscribed several times already. This may be a glitch, so please try again later.

Sorry, we’ve encountered an error. Please try again later.






My first name is


My email address is


Sign up





Your sign-up was successful
Soon you'll receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations!

You're done! You can close this window.




Thanks
Your sign-up was successful! We'll send you the latest on our half-price deals.

You can always manage your subscriptions by signing in to your account. You're done! You can close this window.

























Save time, save money!

Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you



Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals



Subscribe



Send me a link to get the FREE Booking.com app!


Please enter a valid email address.

Oops! An error has occurred.

Oops! An error has occurred.

You're subscribed! Your welcome email will arrive in your inbox soon.













Tablet version
|


Mobile version
|


Your Account



Make changes online to your booking









Become an affiliate



Booking.com for Business
























Countries



Regions



Cities



Districts



Airports



Hotels



Places of Interest







Vacation Rentals



Apartments



Resorts



Villas



Hostels



B&Bs;



Guesthouses







All Property Types



All Themes



Reviews



Unpacked: Travel articles







Car Rental



Flight Finder



Restaurant Reservations



Seek&Go;



Booking.com for Travel Agents







About Booking.com



Give website feedback





Customer Service Help



Careers



Press Center



Terms & Conditions



Privacy & Cookies



Contact Us







Booking.com B.V. is based in Amsterdam in the Netherlands, and is supported internationally by
198 offices
in 70 countries.






Copyright © 1996–2017
Booking.com™. All rights reserved.









Booking.com is part of The Priceline Group, the world leader in online travel & related services.



























Verified reviews from real guests.
We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from
real, verified guests.



How does it work?





1




It starts with a booking

The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property.








2




Followed by a trip

When guests stay at the property, they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff is, and more.








3




And finally, a review

After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site.





If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first.


Sign in and leave a review




«



































»





Su

Mo

Tu

We

Th

Fr

Sa




















































Close calendar





Sign in

Register





Loading...










Email Address



Booking.com Password




Forgot your password?





Or sign in with one click




Facebook



Google




Make changes to a booking with your
confirmation number and PIN



By logging into an account, you're agreeing with our
Terms & Conditions
and
Privacy Statement










Forgot your password?

Enter your email address and we'll send you a link to reset your password

Email address



Cancel



Email Sent

Please check your email and click the link to reset your password


Back to sign in









Enter your email address and we'll resend your confirmation







Please enter a valid email address.




For your most recent booking




For up to 5 of your most recent bookings



Resend






We've resent your requested confirmations to


Please note that email delivery can take up to 10 minutes

Close





Sorry, we were unable to resend your requested confirmations




Please check your email address and try again









Loading...














Email Address


Create Password







Or




Facebook



Google




Interested in
Booking.com for Business?


Make changes to a booking with your
confirmation number and PIN












Forgot your password?

Enter your email address and we'll send you a link to reset your password

Email address



Cancel



Email Sent

Please check your email and click the link to reset your password


Back to sign in




By creating an account, you're agreeing with our
Terms and Conditions
and
Privacy Statement
.


Become a Booking.com host!
Add your property here






View All Bookings


No registration required

Loading...











Where can I find this information?






Change dates

Edit guest details

Contact the property

Upgrade room

Cancel booking

And more...








Sign in or create an account
to see all your bookings

Can't find your confirmation email?



We'll resend it to you





Enter your email address and we'll resend your confirmation







Please enter a valid email address.




For your most recent booking




For up to 5 of your most recent bookings



Resend






We've resent your requested confirmations to


Please note that email delivery can take up to 10 minutes





Sorry, we were unable to resend your requested confirmations




Please check your email address and try again








Cancel






Loading...



Two Factor Authentication

A text message with a 6-digit verification code was just sent to the phone number associated with this account.


Enter your verification code:





Resend verification code





Other options




Loading...






364162,275824,360761,352588,355298,362817,356818,362211,358531,343712,269862,337446|1,362492,363765,337446,358872,361470