











Discover Germany | Booking.com






























































































part of The Priceline Group






$






Loading















Choose your preferred language. We speak English (US) and 42 other languages.



Most often used by people in the United States








English (US)










English (UK)












Español










简体中文












日本語










한국어







All languages








English (UK)










English (US)










Deutsch










Nederlands










Français










Español










Español (AR)










Català










Italiano










Português (PT)










Português (BR)










Norsk










Suomi










Svenska










Dansk












Čeština










Magyar










Română










日本語










简体中文










繁體中文










Polski










Ελληνικά










Русский










Türkçe










Български










العربية










한국어










עברית










Latviski












Українська










Bahasa Indonesia










Bahasa Malaysia










ภาษาไทย










Eesti










Hrvatski










Lietuvių










Slovenčina










Srpski










Slovenščina










Tiếng Việt










Filipino










Íslenska












Refer Friends & Earn





List Your Property







Register







Sign in











Accommodations



Flights



Packages


Trains

Buses


Rental Cars



Airport Taxis



Restaurants









Home








Discover







Germany














Germany





Top Cities








Munich is highly rated by travelers for beer, sightseeing and shopping.

For great shopping, Karlsplatz is a pedestrian zone which takes up much of the city centre and the upscale area around Maximilianstrasse is yet another commercial wonderland. Munich is famous for its food too, so make sure you try the local Weißwurst, Leberkässemmeln and other popular pork dishes. 
Thanks to efficient S-Bahn train, getting to the city center from Germany’s second busiest airport, Munich International Airport is quick and easy. Whether you’re looking for luxury hotels, youth hostels or comfortable apartments, Booking.com has the perfect accommodation for your Munich visit.







Munich


441 hotels
520,496 hotel reviews









Put cathedrals, old town and shopping on your to-do list for your next trip to Cologne!

The charm extends to other seasons as well, thanks to the medieval wonders of the Cologne Cathedral and the Twelve Romanesque churches. Learn about the city’s history at the Roman-Germanic Museum or take a postmodern approach at Museum Ludwig. Whether historic or culinary, a trip to the Chocolate Museum can complete any tour. 
Booking.com offers 260 different accommodations, ranging from apartments to mid-budget hotels to guest houses. So whether you’re stepping out of a plane at the Cologne Bonn Airport or a shop on Hohe Strasse, you will be sure to have a cozy room for those cool European nights.







Cologne


457 hotels
239,308 hotel reviews









Hamburg is a great choice for travelers interested in harbors, sightseeing and shopping.

The impressive City Hall and the popular St. Michaelis church will awe any visitor and music fans should seek out the Indra and the Star Club, where the Beatles played between 1960 and 1962. For a different look at Hamburg, moonlit strolls in the Reeperbahn will bring visitors through the largest red light district in Europe. Hamburg is famous for its local dishes, the Birnen, Bohnen and Speck, the Aalsuppe and the open-faced sandwiches with cold-smoked or pickled fish. The laid-back cafés of Schanze neighborhood and barbecues on a beach along the Elbe River are great ways to relax after heavy sightseeing. 
The city center can be reached from Hamburg-Fuhlsbüttel Airport and Hamburg-Lübeck Airport using either train or bus services. Whether you’re looking for a luxury hotel, traditional apartment or youth hostel, Booking.com has everything you need for a holiday in Hamburg.







Hamburg


441 hotels
395,780 hotel reviews









If shopping, city trips and business are your thing, don’t miss out on Frankfurt!

In the shadow of the modernist architecture remain traces of quintessential Germany. The reconstructed half-timbered facades in Römer square are picture perfect, and the cobbled streets of Fressgass are always full of locals deciding which café to dine at.
Served by Frankfurt Airport - one of the world’s busiest - this pumping city is always on the move. This means that hotels in Frankfurt gets booked up pretty quickly, so book early with Booking.com to secure the accommodation of your choice.







Frankfurt


265 hotels
260,500 hotel reviews









Don’t miss out on Dresden! Top destination for old town, sightseeing and history.

Magnificent Zwinger Palace is the main Dresden attraction, featuring impressive pavilions and a majestic garden in the middle. Continue your journey along the cultural centre of Germany and visit the picturesque Baroque square of Neumarkt. Also not to be missed is Brühl Terrace, a promenade nicknamed the ""Balcony of Europe"", for its excellent view of the River Elbe. 
Enjoy a relaxing stroll around the city and you will find a selection of cozy Dresden restaurants and beer gardens serving local dishes and fine wines from the surrounding vineyards.
 
Dresden Airport is the international airport located in the district of Klotzsche, featuring a railway station in the terminal building. Take the train and head to your Booking.com hotel, guesthouse or apartment.







Dresden


277 hotels
168,437 hotel reviews









You'll love history, museums and sightseeing during your next trip to Berlin!

Combining a vibrant culture and art scene, sites of historic interest like the Reichstag, and great shopping opportunities, the German capital truly is a symbol of a modern and unified Europe. 
Traveling to the city center from Tegel International and Schönefeld Airports is a piece of cake using the S-Bahn, Berlin’s reliable public transit system. Whether you are looking for a cheap hostel, alternative apartment or a chic hotel, Booking.com has a perfect room for your trip to Berlin.







Berlin


964 hotels
922,413 hotel reviews






Top Hotels








Situated in the world's largest free-standing dome, Tropical Islands features an indoor rain forest, spa facilities, and lagoon-style pool.

“Rooms were clean and staff was efficient and helpful. Temperatures were good in Winter even on cloudy days.”







Tropical Islands


Average Review Score: 8.2








This 5-star hotel overlooks Warnemünde Beach and offers 3 restaurants and a large spa. All rooms at Hotel Neptun offer free Wi-Fi and a balcony with Baltic Sea views.

“Excellent hotel, very friendly staff, very good rooms with perfect view to the ocean....”







Hotel Neptun


Average Review Score: 8.6








Bayside is situated in Scharbeutz, directly on the beach and the Baltic Sea coast. The hotel offers a 1500 m² spa and wellness centre, an indoor pool and free WiFi access is available.







Bayside


Average Review Score: 8.9








An award-winning spa, 6 restaurants, 5 bars, and great views of the yacht port and Baltic Sea are offered by this hotel. It stands directly on the Warnemünde seafront in Rostock.

“Great breakfast buffet. I loved the variety of foods.I had the Ocean View Suite with all the necessary trimmings.”







Yachthafenresidenz Hohe Düne


Average Review Score: 8.9








Ideally situated directly on Warnemünde’s beach promenade, this resort offers a whole holiday experience. a-ja Warnemünde. Das Resort.

“Breakfast was good , have a nice Pool . A little store open 24/7 at hotel.”







a-ja Warnemünde. Das Resort.


Average Review Score: 8.1








Set in the midst of the scenic landscapes of the Mecklenburg-Vorpommern region, this 4-star hotel in Linstow offers elegant accommodations, great recreational facilities and excellent services with...







Van der Valk Resort Linstow


Average Review Score: 7.4





Areas of Interest or Regions in Germany









Baden-Württemberg


4,970 hotels
961,172 hotel reviews


Put tranquillity, old town and scenery on your to-do list for your next trip to Baden-Württemberg!





Bavaria


7,059 hotels
1,718,105 hotel reviews


You'll love old town, scenery and nature during your next trip to Bavaria!





Brandenburg


1,008 hotels
142,647 hotel reviews


nature, tranquillity and relaxation are just a few reasons why you’ll love Brandenburg.





Hessen


2,023 hotels
511,543 hotel reviews


Don’t miss out on Hessen! Top destination for old town, shopping and walking.





Lower-Saxony


3,948 hotels
478,508 hotel reviews


If tranquillity, relaxation and nature are your thing, don’t miss out on Lower-Saxony!





Mecklenburg-Pomerania


3,942 hotels
380,211 hotel reviews


Put tranquillity, beach walks and relaxation on your to-do list for your next trip to Mecklenburg-Pomerania!





North Rhine-Westphalia


4,444 hotels
959,731 hotel reviews


old town, shopping and walking are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy North Rhine-Westphalia.





Rhineland-Palatinate


3,169 hotels
376,889 hotel reviews


Travelers choose Rhineland-Palatinate for scenery, walking and wine.





Saarland


222 hotels
32,622 hotel reviews


Saarland is highly rated by travelers for old town, nature and food.





Saxony-Anhalt


963 hotels
129,752 hotel reviews


Don’t miss out on Saxony-Anhalt! Top destination for old town, history and nature.





Schleswig-Holstein


2,681 hotels
330,178 hotel reviews


If relaxation, tranquillity and beach walks are your thing, don’t miss out on Schleswig-Holstein!





Thuringia


952 hotels
130,437 hotel reviews


You'll love old town, history and culture during your next trip to Thuringia!





Berlin Federal State


973 hotels
881,219 hotel reviews


history, museums and sightseeing are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy Berlin Federal State.





Saxony


1,951 hotels
390,942 hotel reviews


Travelers choose Saxony for old town, sightseeing and history.





Bremen


196 hotels
76,454 hotel reviews


Bremen is a great choice for travelers interested in old town, city trips and sightseeing.





Hansestadt Hamburg


435 hotels
376,006 hotel reviews


You'll love harbors, sightseeing and shopping during your next trip to Hansestadt Hamburg!



Discover other great regions in this country







We've negotiated with thousands of hotels
to get the very best deals. We call them Secret Deals and they only last for a limited time.

You can get these deals for free
by subscribing to our newsletters. You can even choose your favorite destinations to receive personalized deals.

Get started now by entering your email address.
We'll instantly send you a link to our Deal Finder!

Don't worry – your email address is safe with us.
We'll never share your private information and you can unsubscribe at any time.




Sign up for our newsletter and get first pick on discounts of 20% or more!



Please enter a valid email address

Sorry, it seems as though you’ve subscribed several times already. This may be a glitch, so please try again later.

Sorry, we’ve encountered an error. Please try again later.






My first name is


My email address is


Sign up





Your sign-up was successful
Soon you'll receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations!

You're done! You can close this window.




Thanks
Your sign-up was successful! We'll send you the latest on our half-price deals.

You can always manage your subscriptions by signing in to your account. You're done! You can close this window.

























Save time, save money!

Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you



Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals



Subscribe



Send me a link to get the FREE Booking.com app!


Please enter a valid email address.

Oops! An error has occurred.

Oops! An error has occurred.

You're subscribed! Your welcome email will arrive in your inbox soon.













Tablet version
|


Mobile version
|


Your Account



Make changes online to your booking









Become an affiliate



Booking.com for Business
























Countries



Regions



Cities



Districts



Airports



Hotels



Places of Interest







Vacation Rentals



Apartments



Resorts



Villas



Hostels



B&Bs;



Guesthouses







All Property Types



All Themes



Reviews



Unpacked: Travel articles







Car Rental



Flight Finder



Restaurant Reservations



Seek&Go;



Booking.com for Travel Agents







About Booking.com



Give website feedback





Customer Service Help



Careers



Press Center



Terms & Conditions



Privacy & Cookies



Contact Us







Booking.com B.V. is based in Amsterdam in the Netherlands, and is supported internationally by
198 offices
in 70 countries.






Copyright © 1996–2017
Booking.com™. All rights reserved.









Booking.com is part of The Priceline Group, the world leader in online travel & related services.



























Verified reviews from real guests.
We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from
real, verified guests.



How does it work?





1




It starts with a booking

The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property.








2




Followed by a trip

When guests stay at the property, they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff is, and more.








3




And finally, a review

After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site.





If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first.


Sign in and leave a review




«



































»





Su

Mo

Tu

We

Th

Fr

Sa




















































Close calendar





Sign in

Register





Loading...










Email Address



Booking.com Password




Forgot your password?





Or sign in with one click




Facebook



Google




Make changes to a booking with your
confirmation number and PIN



By logging into an account, you're agreeing with our
Terms & Conditions
and
Privacy Statement










Forgot your password?

Enter your email address and we'll send you a link to reset your password

Email address



Cancel



Email Sent

Please check your email and click the link to reset your password


Back to sign in









Enter your email address and we'll resend your confirmation







Please enter a valid email address.




For your most recent booking




For up to 5 of your most recent bookings



Resend






We've resent your requested confirmations to


Please note that email delivery can take up to 10 minutes

Close





Sorry, we were unable to resend your requested confirmations




Please check your email address and try again









Loading...














Email Address


Create Password







Or




Facebook



Google




Interested in
Booking.com for Business?


Make changes to a booking with your
confirmation number and PIN












Forgot your password?

Enter your email address and we'll send you a link to reset your password

Email address



Cancel



Email Sent

Please check your email and click the link to reset your password


Back to sign in




By creating an account, you're agreeing with our
Terms and Conditions
and
Privacy Statement
.


Become a Booking.com host!
Add your property here






View All Bookings


No registration required

Loading...











Where can I find this information?






Change dates

Edit guest details

Contact the property

Upgrade room

Cancel booking

And more...








Sign in or create an account
to see all your bookings

Can't find your confirmation email?



We'll resend it to you





Enter your email address and we'll resend your confirmation







Please enter a valid email address.




For your most recent booking




For up to 5 of your most recent bookings



Resend






We've resent your requested confirmations to


Please note that email delivery can take up to 10 minutes





Sorry, we were unable to resend your requested confirmations




Please check your email address and try again








Cancel






Loading...



Two Factor Authentication

A text message with a 6-digit verification code was just sent to the phone number associated with this account.


Enter your verification code:





Resend verification code





Other options




Loading...






364162,337446,358531,360761,337446|1,363765,356818,362492,362817,343712,275824,352588,269862,358872,355298,362211