











Discover Austria | Booking.com






























































































part of The Priceline Group






$






Loading















Choose your preferred language. We speak English (US) and 42 other languages.



Most often used by people in the United States








English (US)










English (UK)












Español










简体中文












日本語










한국어







All languages








English (UK)










English (US)










Deutsch










Nederlands










Français










Español










Español (AR)










Català










Italiano










Português (PT)










Português (BR)










Norsk










Suomi










Svenska










Dansk












Čeština










Magyar










Română










日本語










简体中文










繁體中文










Polski










Ελληνικά










Русский










Türkçe










Български










العربية










한국어










עברית










Latviski












Українська










Bahasa Indonesia










Bahasa Malaysia










ภาษาไทย










Eesti










Hrvatski










Lietuvių










Slovenčina










Srpski










Slovenščina










Tiếng Việt










Filipino










Íslenska












Refer Friends & Earn





List Your Property







Register







Sign in











Accommodations



Flights



Packages


Trains

Buses


Rental Cars



Airport Taxis



Restaurants









Home








Discover







Austria














Austria





Top Cities








Vienna is highly rated by travelers for museums, culture and architecture.

Visitors can wander around beautiful park grounds in the Wiener Prater and Schonbrunn Palace provides imperial and extravagant grounds to stroll through. After exploring, eat with the locals by enjoying famous sandwiches at Trzesniewski, a Wiener Schnitzel at Cafe Central or taste traditional wines at the city’s many Viennese pubs. 
Vienna International Airport is the doorway to the heart of Vienna. Booking.com has luxury hotels, charming bed & breakfasts and modern apartments to meet any accommodation needs for your stay in Austria’s capital.







Vienna


1,232 hotels
635,086 hotel reviews









Try Salzburg for your next trip and enjoy old town, sightseeing and history while you’re there!

The white-stone Hohensalzburg fortress is perched upon a green hill and offers magnificent views over the city. Or, you can escape it all in the Kapuzinerberg forest, which offers splendid Alpine vistas- a reminder of Salzburg’s natural beauty. 
The shopping centre focuses around Alter Markt Square and Getreidegasse, the latter is a quirky street with old-fashioned signs indicating what each store sells. With 125 hotels and guesthouses available on Booking.com, your stay in Salzburg is bound to be as pleasant as this city is pretty.







Salzburg


216 hotels
158,566 hotel reviews









old town, city trips and culture are just a few reasons why you’ll love Linz.







Linz


48 hotels
27,885 hotel reviews









Don’t miss out on Innsbruck! Top destination for old town, mountains and scenery.

Flying into Innsbruck Airport, it’s easy to see why the city was so highly regarded. Practically every street ends with a view of the Alps, lush in summer, snowy white in winter. Nestled on a slope is Schloss Ambras, ex-residence of Archduke Ferdinand II, and the area provides opportunities for summer mountain climbing, hiking and golf.
In the winter, of course, it’s all about the fantastic Innsbruck skiing and snowboarding. Ski areas include Nordkette mountain, accessible by cable car and chairlifts near the town’s hotels and B&Bs; on Booking.com. Its varied slopes mean that several international competitions are held here, as well as the Bergiselschanze ski jump contest. The après-ski is laidback and centered around chalet-style bars and traditional restaurants.







Innsbruck


164 hotels
88,795 hotel reviews









Put old town, city trips and culture on your to-do list for your next trip to Graz!







Graz


123 hotels
52,762 hotel reviews









You'll love lakes, culture and old town during your next trip to Bregenz!







Bregenz


22 hotels
12,210 hotel reviews






Top Hotels








St. Martins Therme & Lodge on the banks of its own lake next to the Neusiedlersee-Seewinkel national park combines the exciting atmosphere of a safari lodge with the latest spa facilities.

“Fantastic hotel, beautiful rooms, really good food. Staff was very friendly, professional and helpful. 5 star experience, will be back!”







St. Martins Therme & Lodge


Average Review Score: 9








The Grand Hotel Zell am See is a 4-star superior hotel in a unique location on its private peninsula at the shore of Lake Zell and features a private beach with a sunbathing lawn, as well as a modern...

“Location; was very nice and beside the lake where you can enjoy a walk and capture photos, it is located in the heart of restaurants and coffee shops. Also, the train station is 2 minutes walking.  Rooms; condition is very good and size is good as well, with lake view balcony is an amazing one!  Breakfast; we LIKE it.Staff; friendly and helpful.I do recommend the property and if I visit that part of the world again, I would never book in other property.”







Grand Hotel Zell am See


Average Review Score: 8








The traditional Hotel Sacher is in the heart of Vienna, across from the State Opera and right next to the Kärntner Straße.

“Room and service was great, location was very convenient”







Hotel Sacher Wien


Average Review Score: 9.5








Located at 1,765 metres above sea level right in the Gerlitzen-Alpe ski area and among numerous hiking trails, Mountain Resort Feuerberg has slopes, ski lifts, and a ski school at its doorstep.







Mountain Resort Feuerberg


Average Review Score: 9.5








Located 325 ft from Pilgramgasse U-Bahn (subway) Station, Austria Trend Hotel Ananas Wien is just a 5-minute ride from the State Opera in the center of Vienna.

“Location,   room very clean, staff helpful”







Austria Trend Hotel Ananas Wien


Average Review Score: 8.2








A member of The Leading Hotels of the World, right at the shore of Lake Wörthersee and just steps away from the casino, Schlosshotel Velden includes an award-winning spa (open all year long), an...

“The 2-zone "tropical rain" shower in a standard room! It's more like a "waterfall" shower. So good! And the spa and lakeside restaurant are great!”







Falkensteiner Schlosshotel Velden – The Leading Hotels of the World


Average Review Score: 9.4





Areas of Interest or Regions in Austria









Styria


2,012 hotels
163,563 hotel reviews


Put nature, scenery and hiking on your to-do list for your next trip to Styria!





Tyrol


7,504 hotels
492,012 hotel reviews


You'll love mountains, downhill skiing and nature during your next trip to Tyrol!





Burgenland


339 hotels
31,978 hotel reviews


Travelers choose Burgenland for tranquillity, cycling and relaxation.





Carinthia


2,258 hotels
144,609 hotel reviews


Carinthia is highly rated by travelers for nature, relaxation and tranquillity.





Upper Austria


1,054 hotels
136,522 hotel reviews


Don’t miss out on Upper Austria! Top destination for nature, scenery and lakes.





Salzburg


4,332 hotels
386,620 hotel reviews


Put mountains, nature and scenery on your to-do list for your next trip to Salzburg!





Vorarlberg


1,164 hotels
84,126 hotel reviews


You'll love mountains, nature and scenery during your next trip to Vorarlberg!





Vienna (state)


1,282 hotels
613,201 hotel reviews


Try Vienna (state) for your next trip and enjoy museums, culture and architecture while you’re there!





Lower Austria


758 hotels
100,911 hotel reviews


Travelers choose Lower Austria for nature, tranquillity and scenery.



Discover other great regions in this country







We've negotiated with thousands of hotels
to get the very best deals. We call them Secret Deals and they only last for a limited time.

You can get these deals for free
by subscribing to our newsletters. You can even choose your favorite destinations to receive personalized deals.

Get started now by entering your email address.
We'll instantly send you a link to our Deal Finder!

Don't worry – your email address is safe with us.
We'll never share your private information and you can unsubscribe at any time.




Sign up for our newsletter and get first pick on discounts of 20% or more!



Please enter a valid email address

Sorry, it seems as though you’ve subscribed several times already. This may be a glitch, so please try again later.

Sorry, we’ve encountered an error. Please try again later.






My first name is


My email address is


Sign up





Your sign-up was successful
Soon you'll receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations!

You're done! You can close this window.




Thanks
Your sign-up was successful! We'll send you the latest on our half-price deals.

You can always manage your subscriptions by signing in to your account. You're done! You can close this window.

























Save time, save money!

Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you



Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals



Subscribe



Send me a link to get the FREE Booking.com app!


Please enter a valid email address.

Oops! An error has occurred.

Oops! An error has occurred.

You're subscribed! Your welcome email will arrive in your inbox soon.













Tablet version
|


Mobile version
|


Your Account



Make changes online to your booking









Become an affiliate



Booking.com for Business
























Countries



Regions



Cities



Districts



Airports



Hotels



Places of Interest







Vacation Rentals



Apartments



Resorts



Villas



Hostels



B&Bs;



Guesthouses







All Property Types



All Themes



Reviews



Unpacked: Travel articles







Car Rental



Flight Finder



Restaurant Reservations



Seek&Go;



Booking.com for Travel Agents







About Booking.com



Give website feedback





Customer Service Help



Careers



Press Center



Terms & Conditions



Privacy & Cookies



Contact Us







Booking.com B.V. is based in Amsterdam in the Netherlands, and is supported internationally by
198 offices
in 70 countries.






Copyright © 1996–2017
Booking.com™. All rights reserved.









Booking.com is part of The Priceline Group, the world leader in online travel & related services.



























Verified reviews from real guests.
We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from
real, verified guests.



How does it work?





1




It starts with a booking

The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property.








2




Followed by a trip

When guests stay at the property, they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff is, and more.








3




And finally, a review

After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site.





If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first.


Sign in and leave a review




«



































»





Su

Mo

Tu

We

Th

Fr

Sa




















































Close calendar





Sign in

Register





Loading...










Email Address



Booking.com Password




Forgot your password?





Or sign in with one click




Facebook



Google




Make changes to a booking with your
confirmation number and PIN



By logging into an account, you're agreeing with our
Terms & Conditions
and
Privacy Statement










Forgot your password?

Enter your email address and we'll send you a link to reset your password

Email address



Cancel



Email Sent

Please check your email and click the link to reset your password


Back to sign in









Enter your email address and we'll resend your confirmation







Please enter a valid email address.




For your most recent booking




For up to 5 of your most recent bookings



Resend






We've resent your requested confirmations to


Please note that email delivery can take up to 10 minutes

Close





Sorry, we were unable to resend your requested confirmations




Please check your email address and try again









Loading...














Email Address


Create Password







Or




Facebook



Google




Interested in
Booking.com for Business?


Make changes to a booking with your
confirmation number and PIN












Forgot your password?

Enter your email address and we'll send you a link to reset your password

Email address



Cancel



Email Sent

Please check your email and click the link to reset your password


Back to sign in




By creating an account, you're agreeing with our
Terms and Conditions
and
Privacy Statement
.


Become a Booking.com host!
Add your property here






View All Bookings


No registration required

Loading...











Where can I find this information?






Change dates

Edit guest details

Contact the property

Upgrade room

Cancel booking

And more...








Sign in or create an account
to see all your bookings

Can't find your confirmation email?



We'll resend it to you





Enter your email address and we'll resend your confirmation







Please enter a valid email address.




For your most recent booking




For up to 5 of your most recent bookings



Resend






We've resent your requested confirmations to


Please note that email delivery can take up to 10 minutes





Sorry, we were unable to resend your requested confirmations




Please check your email address and try again








Cancel






Loading...



Two Factor Authentication

A text message with a 6-digit verification code was just sent to the phone number associated with this account.


Enter your verification code:





Resend verification code





Other options




Loading...






364162,337446,358531,360761,363765,337446|1,362492,356818,362817,343712,269862,352588,358872,355298,362211,361470