











Discover Malaysia | Booking.com






























































































part of The Priceline Group






$






Loading















Choose your preferred language. We speak English (US) and 42 other languages.



Most often used by people in the United States








English (US)










English (UK)












Español










简体中文












日本語










한국어







All languages








English (UK)










English (US)










Deutsch










Nederlands










Français










Español










Español (AR)










Català










Italiano










Português (PT)










Português (BR)










Norsk










Suomi










Svenska










Dansk












Čeština










Magyar










Română










日本語










简体中文










繁體中文










Polski










Ελληνικά










Русский










Türkçe










Български










العربية










한국어










עברית










Latviski












Українська










Bahasa Indonesia










Bahasa Malaysia










ภาษาไทย










Eesti










Hrvatski










Lietuvių










Slovenčina










Srpski










Slovenščina










Tiếng Việt










Filipino










Íslenska












Refer Friends & Earn





List Your Property







Register







Sign in











Accommodations



Flights



Packages


Trains

Buses


Rental Cars



Airport Taxis



Restaurants









Home








Discover







Malaysia














Malaysia





Top Cities








You'll love shopping, food and local food during your next trip to Johor Bahru!







Johor Bahru


217 hotels
65,908 hotel reviews









You'll love seafood, food and snorkeling during your next trip to Kota Kinabalu!







Kota Kinabalu


240 hotels
52,243 hotel reviews









food, local food and relaxation are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy Ipoh.







Ipoh


183 hotels
34,440 hotel reviews









Put history, food and culturally diverse food on your to-do list for your next trip to Malacca!

Many Melaka hotels on Booking.com are near the promenade lining the narrow city beach, and others are near more secluded beaches in the suburbs. The Melaka River splits the city into 2, and the further inland you travel along it, the more traditional the buildings become.
Just before the river’s first bend is Jonker Street, the heart of Chinatown and popular for its night markets, while a good few miles to the north is Melaka Airport in the Batu Berendam district.







Malacca


379 hotels
114,056 hotel reviews









Port Dickson – the ideal getaway for relaxation, beaches and beach walks!







Port Dickson


67 hotels
33,942 hotel reviews









Put shopping, food and sightseeing on your to-do list for your next trip to Kuala Lumpur!

If you’re travelling in South East Asia, there’s a good chance you’ll fly into Kuala Lumpur International Airport. Within 30 minutes you can be in the heart of a city which offers every type of accommodation from spas to budget rooms, 5-star hotels to dormitories. No matter what your budget, with 250+ hotels Booking.com has a place for you in KL.







Kuala Lumpur


839 hotels
352,285 hotel reviews






Top Hotels








Offering an outdoor pool and an indoor pool, Lexis Hibiscus Port Dickson is in Port Dickson. Free Wi-Fi access is available in this chalet. The accommodations includes air conditioning and a minibar.

“Overall the best experience in a resort so far”







Lexis Hibiscus Port Dickson


Average Review Score: 8.3








Featuring villas-on-stilts over the Straits of Malacca, AVANI Sepang Goldcoast Resort offers an infinity pool, spa, and 6 dining options.

“The Service levels of all staff from front desk to house keeping put Resort in another class.10/10 for Rusmah Asst Genl Mngr, Devika Cashier, Dhanapati waiter around pool area to name but a few. Terima Kasih”







AVANI Sepang Goldcoast Resort


Average Review Score: 7.4








Conveniently located inside KSL Shopping Mall in the city centre’s Taman Century, KSL Resort offers modern rooms with free WiFi and a flat-screen TV.

“The room was soo nice . I enjoy my time there”







KSL Hotel & Resort


Average Review Score: 7.4








One mile from Port Dickson, the Grand Lexis Port Dickson features Balinese-inspired villas connected by spacious boardwalks. Boasting sea views, the hotel features an outdoor pool and fitness center.

“I like the sea sida and rooms in swing pool.”







Grand Lexis Port Dickson


Average Review Score: 8.2








Conveniently located in the heart of Melaka City, the 4-star Hatten Hotel Melaka is a 15 minute walk from the lively Jonker Street.

“Comfortable bed, early and well prepared breakfast buffet. Excellent experience in a very good price staying in Hatten with price RM250++ during the weekdays.”







Hatten Hotel Melaka


Average Review Score: 8.4








Relaxing stays await at Sunway Resort Hotel & Spa, which features direct access to the Sunway Lagoon Theme Park and Mega Shopping Mall. It has free parking and an outdoor pool.

“Everything abt the hotel . Shopping mall, leisure park all nearby”







Sunway Resort Hotel & Spa


Average Review Score: 8.4





Areas of Interest or Regions in Malaysia









Johor


474 hotels
81,387 hotel reviews


Johor – the ideal getaway for food, shopping and relaxation!





Kedah


352 hotels
80,088 hotel reviews


Don’t miss out on Kedah! Top destination for relaxation, beaches and food.





Melaka


507 hotels
109,354 hotel reviews


You'll love history, food and culturally diverse food during your next trip to Melaka!





Pahang


337 hotels
68,999 hotel reviews


relaxation, nature and cold weather are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy Pahang.





Penang


613 hotels
124,528 hotel reviews


food, street food and relaxation are just a few reasons why you’ll love Penang.





Sabah


396 hotels
60,182 hotel reviews


Sabah is a great choice for travelers interested in seafood, food and snorkeling.





Sarawak


220 hotels
33,881 hotel reviews


Sarawak – the ideal getaway for food, relaxation and nature!





Selangor


660 hotels
115,865 hotel reviews


If relaxation, shopping and food are your thing, don’t miss out on Selangor!





Terengganu


153 hotels
21,625 hotel reviews


Try Terengganu for your next trip and enjoy beaches, relaxation and snorkeling while you’re there!





Kelantan


155 hotels
11,751 hotel reviews


If local food, food and shopping are your thing, don’t miss out on Kelantan!





Perak


401 hotels
49,411 hotel reviews


Put food, relaxation and local food on your to-do list for your next trip to Perak!





Negeri Sembilan


133 hotels
36,888 hotel reviews


Try Negeri Sembilan for your next trip and enjoy relaxation, beaches and beach walks while you’re there!





Perlis


24 hotels
2,127 hotel reviews


seafood, food and relaxation are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy Perlis.





Kuala Lumpur Federal Territory


908 hotels
330,140 hotel reviews


Kuala Lumpur Federal Territory is highly rated by travelers for shopping, food and sightseeing.





Putrajaya Federal Territory


52 hotels
9,440 hotel reviews


Putrajaya Federal Territory is a great choice for travelers interested in relaxation, scenery and shopping.





Labuan Federal Territory


15 hotels
1,614 hotel reviews


Labuan Federal Territory is highly rated by travelers for chocolate, budget friendly travel and local food.



Landmarks









MAEPS







The Curve


Travelers choose the area around The Curve for shopping, food and restaurants.






Penang Times Square


Try the area around Penang Times Square for your next trip and enjoy food, street food and history while you’re there!






Damai Beach


Around Damai Beach is a great choice for travelers interested in beaches, relaxation and nature.






Ipoh Railway Station


You'll love local food, food and street food during your next trip to the area around Ipoh Railway Station!






Simanggang







Gunung Mulu National Park







Mount Kota Kinabalu







Langkawi Sky Bridge







Straits Quay


Travelers choose the area around Straits Quay for relaxation, sightseeing and family friendly trips.






Tasik Chini







TREC KL


Try the area around TREC KL for your next trip and enjoy food, city walks and shopping while you’re there!






KK Plaza







Gunung Pulai







Taiping Mall


Around Taiping Mall – the ideal area for lakes, relaxation and nature!






Penang National Park







Boulevard Shopping Complex







Sarawak Cultural Village







Kota Kinabalu Harbor







Borneo Convention Centre Kuching







Mount Santubong







Semenggoh Nature Reserve







Taman Negara Kinabalu







Wakaf Che Yeh Night Market


Don’t miss out on the area around Wakaf Che Yeh Night Market! Top destination for shopping, night markets and local food.






Tawau Hills Park







Mari Mari Cultural Village







Tempurung Cave







Sarawak Stadium







Kudat Harbour







Straits Quay Convention Centre


Travelers choose the area around Straits Quay Convention Centre for relaxation, sightseeing and family friendly trips.






St. Michael Church Penampang







1Borneo Grand Ballroom







AEON Mall Kinta City


Around AEON Mall Kinta City is a great choice for travelers interested in food, local food and street food.






Xiamen University Malaysia







Penang Turf Club







Kuching International Airport







Parkson Maju Junction Mall


shopping, food and clothes shopping are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy the area around Parkson Maju Junction Mall.






Karamunsing Capital


Try the area around Karamunsing Capital for your next trip and enjoy seafood, food and snorkeling while you’re there!






Tuaran River







Medan Tuanku Monorail Station


The area around Medan Tuanku Monorail Station is highly rated by travelers for shopping, food and clothes shopping.






Sky Mirror Selangor







Wonderfood Museum


Around Wonderfood Museum – the ideal area for food, street food and culture!






Causeway Point







Surob Cattle Station







Sabah Trade Centre







Gaya Harbour







Pelabuhan Silam







Jugra Hill







AEON Mall Klebang







Niah National Park







Filipino Market Sabah


Around Filipino Market Sabah is a great choice for travelers interested in seafood, food and snorkeling.






Pelabuhan Sandakan







Auto City Penang


food, relaxation and business are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy the area around Auto City Penang.






Eastwood Valley Golf & Country Club







Petronas Philharmonic Hall KLCC


You'll love shopping, food and sightseeing during your next trip to the area around Petronas Philharmonic Hall KLCC!






Lok Kawi Wildlife Park







Melawati Hill







Niah National Park







The Mines Shopping Mall


Put shopping, relaxation and budget friendly travel on your to-do list for your next trip to the area around The Mines Shopping Mall!






Kota Kinabalu International Airport







Imago Shopping Mall


Around Imago Shopping Mall is a great choice for travelers interested in seafood, shopping and food.






Pelabuhan Pending







Lost World of Tambun


You'll love theme parks, hot springs and local food during your next trip to the area around Lost World of Tambun!






The Weld


Put shopping, food and sightseeing on your to-do list for your next trip to the area around The Weld!






Dinner in the Sky KL


Travelers choose the area around Dinner in the Sky KL for shopping, food and sightseeing.






Freeport A'Famosa Outlet Mall


If relaxation, theme parks and shopping are your thing, don’t miss out on the area around Freeport A'Famosa Outlet Mall!






Mahsuri International Exhibition Centre







Borneo Convention Centre Kuching







Evolve Concept Mall







Cat Museum







Petagas War Memorial







Sunway Carnival Mall


Don’t miss out on the area around Sunway Carnival Mall! Top destination for food, relaxation and business.






Malawati Indoor Stadium







Chinese History Museum







Han Chin Pet Soo Museum


Around Han Chin Pet Soo Museum is a great choice for travelers interested in local food, food and street food.






Royal Gallery Selangor


Don’t miss out on the area around Royal Gallery Selangor! Top destination for food, shopping and budget friendly travel.






Kampung Salang Jetty / Jeti







1st Avenue Penang


Around 1st Avenue Penang is a great choice for travelers interested in food, street food and history.






Pelabuhan Labuan







Kuala Lumpur Badminton Stadium


Put shopping, food and clothes shopping on your to-do list for your next trip to the area around Kuala Lumpur Badminton Stadium!






The Green Connection







St John's Fort


food, history and monuments are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy the area around St John's Fort.






SPICE Arena


The area around SPICE Arena is highly rated by travelers for local food, relaxation and food.






1Borneo Hypermall







AEON Mall Ipoh Station 18


food, local food and street food are just a few reasons why you’ll love the area around AEON Mall Ipoh Station 18.






AEON Cheras Selatan Shopping Centre


Try the area around AEON Cheras Selatan Shopping Centre for your next trip and enjoy food, budget friendly travel and shopping while you’re there!






Larkin Sentral


Around Larkin Sentral is a great choice for travelers interested in local food, shopping and culture.






Oceanus Waterfront Mall


seafood, food and shopping are just a few reasons why you’ll love the area around Oceanus Waterfront Mall.






Lutong Airfield







First World Plaza


Around First World Plaza – the ideal area for cold weather, relaxation and clean air!






Crocker Range National Park







Sam Poh Tong Temple


Travelers choose the area around Sam Poh Tong Temple for food, local food and relaxation.






Rainbow Skywalk at Komtar


Around Rainbow Skywalk at Komtar is a great choice for travelers interested in food, street food and history.






Johor Premium Outlets







AEON Taman Maluri


If shopping, food and city trips are your thing, don’t miss out on the area around AEON Taman Maluri!






Fahrenheit 88


Don’t miss out on the area around Fahrenheit 88! Top destination for shopping, food and clothes shopping.






Limbawang Agricultural Station







Kuala Selangor National Park







PHL Convention Centre







District 21 IOI City






Airports





Kuala Lumpur International Airport


30 hotels






Kota Kinabalu International Airport


30 hotels






Kuching Airport


30 hotels






Penang International Airport


30 hotels






Sultan Abdul Aziz Shah Airport


30 hotels






Miri Airport


30 hotels






Sultan Ismail Airport


30 hotels






Langkawi Airport


30 hotels






Sultan Ismail Petra Airport


30 hotels






Sandakan Airport


30 hotels






Sultan Mahmud Airport


30 hotels






Sultan Abdul Halim Airport


24 hotels






Tawau Airport


14 hotels






Bintulu Airport


11 hotels






Labuan Airport


5 hotels






Sibu Airport


3 hotels






Lahad Datu Airport


3 hotels






Mulu Airport






Districts





i-City


11 hotels

You'll love theme parks, relaxation and food during your next trip to i-City!






Tropicana


1 hotel

business, food shopping and shopping are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy Tropicana.






Teluk Cempedak


1 hotel

Try Teluk Cempedak for your next trip and enjoy beaches, beach walks and relaxation while you’re there!






Damansara Perdana


21 hotels

Don’t miss out on Damansara Perdana! Top destination for shopping, food and business.






Bandar Sunway


2 hotels

shopping, luxury brand shopping and wild swimming are just a few reasons why you’ll love Bandar Sunway.






Bandar Utama


3 hotels

Bandar Utama is a great choice for travelers interested in restaurants, clothes shopping and relaxation.






Mutiara Damansara


1 hotel

Put clothes shopping, entertainment and local food on your to-do list for your next trip to Mutiara Damansara!






Mutiara Damansara


2 hotels

You'll love entertainment, local food and shopping during your next trip to Mutiara Damansara!






Ara Damansara


3 hotels

Ara Damansara is highly rated by travelers for family friendly trips, city trips and seafood.






Kampung China


1 hotel

local food, relaxation and beaches are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy Kampung China.






Medan Batu Caves


4 hotels

Medan Batu Caves is a great choice for travelers interested in budget friendly travel, temples and sightseeing.





Discover other great regions in this country







We've negotiated with thousands of hotels
to get the very best deals. We call them Secret Deals and they only last for a limited time.

You can get these deals for free
by subscribing to our newsletters. You can even choose your favorite destinations to receive personalized deals.

Get started now by entering your email address.
We'll instantly send you a link to our Deal Finder!

Don't worry – your email address is safe with us.
We'll never share your private information and you can unsubscribe at any time.




Sign up for our newsletter and get first pick on discounts of 20% or more!



Please enter a valid email address

Sorry, it seems as though you’ve subscribed several times already. This may be a glitch, so please try again later.

Sorry, we’ve encountered an error. Please try again later.






My first name is


My email address is


Sign up





Your sign-up was successful
Soon you'll receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations!

You're done! You can close this window.




Thanks
Your sign-up was successful! We'll send you the latest on our half-price deals.

You can always manage your subscriptions by signing in to your account. You're done! You can close this window.

























Save time, save money!

Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you



Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals



Subscribe



Send me a link to get the FREE Booking.com app!


Please enter a valid email address.

Oops! An error has occurred.

Oops! An error has occurred.

You're subscribed! Your welcome email will arrive in your inbox soon.













Tablet version
|


Mobile version
|


Your Account



Make changes online to your booking









Become an affiliate



Booking.com for Business
























Countries



Regions



Cities



Districts



Airports



Hotels



Places of Interest







Vacation Rentals



Apartments



Resorts



Villas



Hostels



B&Bs;



Guesthouses







All Property Types



All Themes



Reviews



Unpacked: Travel articles







Car Rental



Flight Finder



Restaurant Reservations



Seek&Go;



Booking.com for Travel Agents







About Booking.com



Give website feedback





Customer Service Help



Careers



Press Center



Terms & Conditions



Privacy & Cookies



Contact Us







Booking.com B.V. is based in Amsterdam in the Netherlands, and is supported internationally by
198 offices
in 70 countries.






Copyright © 1996–2017
Booking.com™. All rights reserved.









Booking.com is part of The Priceline Group, the world leader in online travel & related services.



























Verified reviews from real guests.
We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from
real, verified guests.



How does it work?





1




It starts with a booking

The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property.








2




Followed by a trip

When guests stay at the property, they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff is, and more.








3




And finally, a review

After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site.





If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first.


Sign in and leave a review




«



































»





Su

Mo

Tu

We

Th

Fr

Sa




















































Close calendar





Sign in

Register





Loading...










Email Address



Booking.com Password




Forgot your password?





Or sign in with one click




Facebook



Google




Make changes to a booking with your
confirmation number and PIN



By logging into an account, you're agreeing with our
Terms & Conditions
and
Privacy Statement










Forgot your password?

Enter your email address and we'll send you a link to reset your password

Email address



Cancel



Email Sent

Please check your email and click the link to reset your password


Back to sign in









Enter your email address and we'll resend your confirmation







Please enter a valid email address.




For your most recent booking




For up to 5 of your most recent bookings



Resend






We've resent your requested confirmations to


Please note that email delivery can take up to 10 minutes

Close





Sorry, we were unable to resend your requested confirmations




Please check your email address and try again









Loading...














Email Address


Create Password







Or




Facebook



Google




Interested in
Booking.com for Business?


Make changes to a booking with your
confirmation number and PIN












Forgot your password?

Enter your email address and we'll send you a link to reset your password

Email address



Cancel



Email Sent

Please check your email and click the link to reset your password


Back to sign in




By creating an account, you're agreeing with our
Terms and Conditions
and
Privacy Statement
.


Become a Booking.com host!
Add your property here






View All Bookings


No registration required

Loading...











Where can I find this information?






Change dates

Edit guest details

Contact the property

Upgrade room

Cancel booking

And more...








Sign in or create an account
to see all your bookings

Can't find your confirmation email?



We'll resend it to you





Enter your email address and we'll resend your confirmation







Please enter a valid email address.




For your most recent booking




For up to 5 of your most recent bookings



Resend






We've resent your requested confirmations to


Please note that email delivery can take up to 10 minutes





Sorry, we were unable to resend your requested confirmations




Please check your email address and try again








Cancel






Loading...



Two Factor Authentication

A text message with a 6-digit verification code was just sent to the phone number associated with this account.


Enter your verification code:





Resend verification code





Other options




Loading...






356818,343712,364162,352588,337446,360761,362211,358531,355298,358872,362817,363765,362492,269862,337446|1