











Discover Switzerland | Booking.com






























































































part of The Priceline Group






$






Loading















Choose your preferred language. We speak English (US) and 42 other languages.



Most often used by people in the United States








English (US)










English (UK)












Español










简体中文












日本語










한국어







All languages








English (UK)










English (US)










Deutsch










Nederlands










Français










Español










Español (AR)










Català










Italiano










Português (PT)










Português (BR)










Norsk










Suomi










Svenska










Dansk












Čeština










Magyar










Română










日本語










简体中文










繁體中文










Polski










Ελληνικά










Русский










Türkçe










Български










العربية










한국어










עברית










Latviski












Українська










Bahasa Indonesia










Bahasa Malaysia










ภาษาไทย










Eesti










Hrvatski










Lietuvių










Slovenčina










Srpski










Slovenščina










Tiếng Việt










Filipino










Íslenska












Refer Friends & Earn





List Your Property







Register







Sign in











Accommodations



Flights



Packages


Trains

Buses


Rental Cars



Airport Taxis



Restaurants









Home








Discover







Switzerland














Switzerland





Top Cities








old town, lakes and sightseeing are just a few reasons why you’ll love Zurich.

During the day, the Lindenhof hill offers a stunning vista of the heart of the old town, Niederdorf, which is filled with shopping avenues, winding alleyways and restaurants. At night the many club doors open offering a range of live music and DJs. 
When your busy day ends, Booking.com has your accommodation needs covered with over 140 business hotels and apartments available.







Zurich


218 hotels
144,830 hotel reviews









Lucerne is a great choice for travelers interested in lakes, old town and scenery.







Lucerne


113 hotels
62,677 hotel reviews









Lausanne – the ideal getaway for lakes, scenery and old town!

The cobbled Old Town – the Cité – is a Swiss Heritage Site on a hill at the city’s highest point. It houses the castle and Lausanne Museum, both watched over by the multi-spired Notre-Dame cathedral. At the foot of the hill are 3 squares with markets, one of which – Place Riponne – is on the Metro. 
This is the world’s smallest city with a Metro, an indicator of the wonderfully efficient Swiss transport system, meaning that Geneva Airport (the closest to Lausanne) is easily reachable.







Lausanne


50 hotels
42,242 hotel reviews









Geneva – the ideal getaway for lakes, old town and scenery!

Even if getting out into the wilderness of the Swiss Alps isn’t an option, there’s plenty of nature accessible within the city limits. Parc des Bastions offers tree-lined walks and a game of giant chess and Parc de la Grange is a green space situated on the Lake Geneva promenade. Jet d'Eau, a 450 foot high fountain in the center of Lake Geneva is beautifully lit at night. 
With over 90 hotels available, Booking.com ensures that whether you are travelling for business or pleasure you can experience the best accommodations Geneva has to offer.







Geneva


135 hotels
102,556 hotel reviews









old town, city walks and sightseeing are just a few reasons why you’ll love Bern.







Bern


64 hotels
37,148 hotel reviews









Basel is a great choice for travelers interested in old town, museums and culture.

When you’ve finished exploring this architectural heritage, there are still plenty of things to do in Basel. The city’s fine art museum is the world’s oldest art collection, and the zoo is the oldest and largest in Switzerland. Remember to bring plenty of Swiss francs for the shopping mile along Clarastrasse and Freiestrasse.
The Basel accommodations on Booking.com ranges from hotels in Grossbasel to B&Bs; in Kleinbasel, home to the nightlife. If you’re flying into Basel-Mulhouse-Freiburg Airport in February or March you might just catch Fasnacht: Switzerland’s biggest carnival. You’ll have to get up early to see it start though - 4am!







Basel


98 hotels
56,629 hotel reviews






Top Hotels








The 5-star Waldhaus Hotel in quiet Sils-Maria, only 10 km from bustling St.Moritz, proudly overlooks the village and offers splendid views and an indoor pool.

“Wonderful staff & personable service. A lot of the antique elements are still visible, while other parts have been tastefully updated. You can tell it is a family run hotel and not your usual hotel chain monstrosity.”







Hotel Waldhaus


Average Review Score: 9.4








Rainbow offers accommodations in Crans-Montana. Rainbow features views of the mountains and is 219 yards from Crans-Cry d'Err.







Rainbow


No reviews yet








Surrounded by scenic vineyards and orchards, this 4-star hotel in the Valais village of Saillon offers free, unlimited access to the thermal park, indoor and cold-water pools and fitness centre.

“The rooms were unbelievably modern and it was a great relaxing time.”







Hotel des Bains de Saillon


Average Review Score: 8.5








The Victoria Jungfrau Grand Hotel & Spa features a picturesque location in Interlaken, between 2 beautiful lakes at the foot of the eternally snow-capped Jungfrau.

“Everything, everything, everything ... It is like a palace”







Victoria Jungfrau Grand Hotel & Spa


Average Review Score: 8.7








The Hotel Palafitte offers you individual luxury pavilions with breathtaking views of Lake Neuchâtel and the Alps, half of which are built on piles directly in the lake.

“This was one of the coolest rooms ever - right on the water with an unbelievable view”







Hotel Palafitte


Average Review Score: 9.2








Tenero’s Camping Campofelice is located just 400 metres from the local sandy beach.

“Great facilities and beach. We came with 3 young children and stayed in a 3-bedroom bungalow, which was spotless, comfortable and seemed brand new. We loved the beach with the aqua park and enjoyed the kiak and SUP that we rented. The children also loved the playground. The camping park was clean, quiet and spacious.”







Camping Campofelice


Average Review Score: 8.6





Areas of Interest or Regions in Switzerland









Canton of Fribourg


121 hotels
21,160 hotel reviews


Canton of Fribourg – the ideal getaway for scenery, old town and tranquillity!





Canton of Ticino


855 hotels
114,500 hotel reviews


scenery, lakes and relaxation are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy Canton of Ticino.





Canton of Valais


2,102 hotels
130,015 hotel reviews


mountains, scenery and downhill skiing are just a few reasons why you’ll love Canton of Valais.





Canton of Zurich


369 hotels
186,217 hotel reviews


Canton of Zurich is highly rated by travelers for old town, lakes and sightseeing.





Grisons


1,312 hotels
98,548 hotel reviews


mountains, nature and scenery are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy Grisons.





St.Gallen Canton


204 hotels
24,836 hotel reviews


If scenery, old town and nature are your thing, don’t miss out on St.Gallen Canton!





Vaud


479 hotels
100,732 hotel reviews


Vaud is highly rated by travelers for scenery, lakes and tranquillity.





Basel-Landschaft


56 hotels
5,594 hotel reviews


Basel-Landschaft – the ideal getaway for tranquillity, convenient public transportation and nature!





Aargau


116 hotels
10,983 hotel reviews


Put old town, relaxation and hot springs on your to-do list for your next trip to Aargau!





Appenzell Ausserrhoden


43 hotels
2,535 hotel reviews


Try Appenzell Ausserrhoden for your next trip and enjoy nature, scenery and tranquillity while you’re there!





Canton of Glarus


25 hotels
1,403 hotel reviews


nature, mountains and scenery are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy Canton of Glarus.





Canton of Basel-Stadt


112 hotels
55,822 hotel reviews


Travelers choose Canton of Basel-Stadt for old town, museums and culture.





Canton of Bern


1,262 hotels
171,726 hotel reviews


Canton of Bern is highly rated by travelers for scenery, mountains and nature.





Canton of Geneva


155 hotels
102,735 hotel reviews


You'll love lakes, old town and scenery during your next trip to Canton of Geneva!





Jura


54 hotels
3,798 hotel reviews


nature, tranquillity and hiking are just a few reasons why travelers enjoy Jura.





Canton of Lucerne


221 hotels
78,605 hotel reviews


Travelers choose Canton of Lucerne for lakes, scenery and mountains.





Canton of Neuchâtel


75 hotels
11,373 hotel reviews


Canton of Neuchâtel is highly rated by travelers for tranquillity, scenery and lakes.





Nidwalden


32 hotels
7,077 hotel reviews


Nidwalden – the ideal getaway for scenery, mountains and lakes!





Obwalden


142 hotels
9,977 hotel reviews


Don’t miss out on Obwalden! Top destination for mountains, scenery and nature.





Canton of Schaffhausen


39 hotels
6,837 hotel reviews


Put old town, waterfalls and city walks on your to-do list for your next trip to Canton of Schaffhausen!





Canton of Schwyz


73 hotels
9,531 hotel reviews


You'll love scenery, nature and relaxation during your next trip to Canton of Schwyz!





Canton of Solothurn


73 hotels
10,022 hotel reviews


Try Canton of Solothurn for your next trip and enjoy old town, city walks and tranquillity while you’re there!





Thurgau


103 hotels
12,673 hotel reviews


tranquillity, lakes and nature are just a few reasons why you’ll love Thurgau.





Uri


70 hotels
10,888 hotel reviews


Uri is a great choice for travelers interested in mountains, scenery and nature.





Canton of Zug


35 hotels
5,591 hotel reviews


Canton of Zug – the ideal getaway for lakes, scenery and old town!





Appenzell Innerrhoden


28 hotels
2,839 hotel reviews


Appenzell Innerrhoden – the ideal getaway for scenery, hiking and nature!



Discover other great regions in this country







We've negotiated with thousands of hotels
to get the very best deals. We call them Secret Deals and they only last for a limited time.

You can get these deals for free
by subscribing to our newsletters. You can even choose your favorite destinations to receive personalized deals.

Get started now by entering your email address.
We'll instantly send you a link to our Deal Finder!

Don't worry – your email address is safe with us.
We'll never share your private information and you can unsubscribe at any time.




Sign up for our newsletter and get first pick on discounts of 20% or more!



Please enter a valid email address

Sorry, it seems as though you’ve subscribed several times already. This may be a glitch, so please try again later.

Sorry, we’ve encountered an error. Please try again later.






My first name is


My email address is


Sign up





Your sign-up was successful
Soon you'll receive news about top-rated hotels, irresistible deals and exciting destinations!

You're done! You can close this window.




Thanks
Your sign-up was successful! We'll send you the latest on our half-price deals.

You can always manage your subscriptions by signing in to your account. You're done! You can close this window.

























Save time, save money!

Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you



Enter your email address and we'll send you our best deals



Subscribe



Send me a link to get the FREE Booking.com app!


Please enter a valid email address.

Oops! An error has occurred.

Oops! An error has occurred.

You're subscribed! Your welcome email will arrive in your inbox soon.













Tablet version
|


Mobile version
|


Your Account



Make changes online to your booking









Become an affiliate



Booking.com for Business
























Countries



Regions



Cities



Districts



Airports



Hotels



Places of Interest







Vacation Rentals



Apartments



Resorts



Villas



Hostels



B&Bs;



Guesthouses







All Property Types



All Themes



Reviews



Unpacked: Travel articles







Car Rental



Flight Finder



Restaurant Reservations



Seek&Go;



Booking.com for Travel Agents







About Booking.com



Give website feedback





Customer Service Help



Careers



Press Center



Terms & Conditions



Privacy & Cookies



Contact Us







Booking.com B.V. is based in Amsterdam in the Netherlands, and is supported internationally by
198 offices
in 70 countries.






Copyright © 1996–2017
Booking.com™. All rights reserved.









Booking.com is part of The Priceline Group, the world leader in online travel & related services.



























Verified reviews from real guests.
We have more than 70 million property reviews, and they're all from
real, verified guests.



How does it work?





1




It starts with a booking

The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property.








2




Followed by a trip

When guests stay at the property, they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff is, and more.








3




And finally, a review

After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site.





If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first.


Sign in and leave a review




«



































»





Su

Mo

Tu

We

Th

Fr

Sa




















































Close calendar





Sign in

Register





Loading...










Email Address



Booking.com Password




Forgot your password?





Or sign in with one click




Facebook



Google




Make changes to a booking with your
confirmation number and PIN



By logging into an account, you're agreeing with our
Terms & Conditions
and
Privacy Statement










Forgot your password?

Enter your email address and we'll send you a link to reset your password

Email address



Cancel



Email Sent

Please check your email and click the link to reset your password


Back to sign in









Enter your email address and we'll resend your confirmation







Please enter a valid email address.




For your most recent booking




For up to 5 of your most recent bookings



Resend






We've resent your requested confirmations to


Please note that email delivery can take up to 10 minutes

Close





Sorry, we were unable to resend your requested confirmations




Please check your email address and try again









Loading...














Email Address


Create Password







Or




Facebook



Google




Interested in
Booking.com for Business?


Make changes to a booking with your
confirmation number and PIN












Forgot your password?

Enter your email address and we'll send you a link to reset your password

Email address



Cancel



Email Sent

Please check your email and click the link to reset your password


Back to sign in




By creating an account, you're agreeing with our
Terms and Conditions
and
Privacy Statement
.


Become a Booking.com host!
Add your property here






View All Bookings


No registration required

Loading...











Where can I find this information?






Change dates

Edit guest details

Contact the property

Upgrade room

Cancel booking

And more...








Sign in or create an account
to see all your bookings

Can't find your confirmation email?



We'll resend it to you





Enter your email address and we'll resend your confirmation







Please enter a valid email address.




For your most recent booking




For up to 5 of your most recent bookings



Resend






We've resent your requested confirmations to


Please note that email delivery can take up to 10 minutes





Sorry, we were unable to resend your requested confirmations




Please check your email address and try again








Cancel






Loading...



Two Factor Authentication

A text message with a 6-digit verification code was just sent to the phone number associated with this account.


Enter your verification code:





Resend verification code





Other options




Loading...






337446|1,362817,352588,364162,360761,362492,363765,275824,269862,362211,355298,358531,361470,358872,343712,337446,356818