
Damron: The First Name and the Last Word in LGBT Travel
Refunds and Cancellation - Damron







Damron



Login



Membership Login



Username or Email:




Password:




signup now
|
forgot password?



Remember Me




















Join Now




Your cart is empty






Search for:








Advertise With Us







Browse
All Listings





Featured
Destinations





Events
& Tours





The Store
Guide Books & More















Termination.

Either Damron or Subscriber may terminate this Agreement at any time. Without limiting the foregoing, Damron shall have the right to immediately terminate Subscriber's Account in the event of any conduct by Subscriber which Damron, in its sole discretion, considers to be unacceptable, or in the event of any breach by Subscriber of this Agreement. Damron may prevent renewal of a subscription for any subscriber in its sole discretion, may cancel a subscription and credit pro-rated amount of unused subscription in a manner it deems appropriate, or prevent or refuse a subscription for any new subscriber in its sole discretion. The provisions of Sections 5, 6, 7, 9 and this Section 8 shall survive termination of this Agreement.

Cancellation of Digital Subscriptions.

You may cancel your subscription at any time by emailingВ  your request to cancel@damron.com, or by calling 415-255-0404 (9am-5pm Mon-Fri, Pacific Time). When you cancel, you cancel only future charges associated with your subscription. You may notify us of your wish to cancel at any time, but the cancellation will become effective at the end of your current three-month billing period. Cancellations are effective the following billing cycle. You will not receive a refund for the current billing cycle. You will continue to have the same access and benefits of your product for the remainder of the current billing period.








Membership Options
Register for our Premium Membership
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Refunds & Cancellation




© 2018 Damron

Browse Listings


Add your Listing

Report a Correction

Featured Destinations



Events and Tours


Upcoming Events

Previous Events

Add Your Event

Tour Operators



The Store


Featured Products

Damron Travel Guides

International Guides

North American Guides

LBGT Fiction and Poetry

Women's Books

Books for Travelers

Other Products

For a Worthy Cause



Membership Options



Edit Your Profile


Privacy Policy

Terms of Service

Refunds and Cancellation



About Damron


Contact Us

Frequently Asked Questions




Advertise with Us


Ad Specifications

Book Sales

Damron Images


Designed & Developed by
The Emerald Curtain Studios


Back to Top
