
Damron: The First Name and the Last Word in LGBT Travel
Ad Specifications - Damron







Damron



Login



Membership Login



Username or Email:




Password:




signup now
|
forgot password?



Remember Me




















Join Now




Your cart is empty






Search for:








Advertise With Us







Browse
All Listings





Featured
Destinations





Events
& Tours





The Store
Guide Books & More



















Ad Specifications



Review our ad production requirements to make sure your advertising needs are met.

В» You can upload your own banner ad here.

BANNER AD SPECS

SIZE

All submitted banner ads should be 160 pixels wide by 600 pixels tall.

FILE SIZE

Damron reserves the right to reduce the size of any banner.

When you are ready to send us your banner, please call our office at 800/462-6654 or 415/255-0404.

WE PREFER DIGITAL ADS WHICH


are the
Correct Size

include all
Placed Images

include all
Fonts
(even those used in Placed Images)

include a
Proof
print (fax to 415-703-9049)

include a
Model Release
if any faces are depicted (please fax to number above)


FORMATS & APPLICATIONS

All digitally supplied ads must be submitted in a format we can use. If you compose your ad using a PC computer, please save the final files in a cross-platform format such as EPS, TIFF or native Quark only (no GIFs, JPEGs, PICTs, PCX or other formats) - onto a Mac-formatted floppy or Zip disk or a CD-ROM. We can only accept files composed in Quark, Photoshop or Illustrator. We cannot accept digital files composed in PageMaker, word processing programs, or other applications.

PLACED IMAGES

Most ads have images - scans or other art - placed within the final file. You must include the placed image files, in addition to the final composed ad! (For instance, you may have a photo scanned into Photoshop, then saved as a TIFF, that you've placed in your Illustrator file. You must include the Photoshop TIFF as well as the final Illustrator file.)

Do not manipulate placed images in the page layout program. (For example, don't change the tint or image style within Quark because those changes work better in your image-editing program such as Photoshop.) Again, only EPS or TIFF format images are acceptable. Often these placed images include text; you must also include the original font files for this text!

FONTS

Always include all of the fonts used in your files!
This is the most frequent problem we experience with digital artwork! Make sure to include both the screen fonts (the font suitcase) and the printer fonts (PostScript fonts). TrueType format fonts are also acceptable. Also be sure to include the fonts used in Placed Images; this is tricky because often these fonts don't show up in your report or in the "Font Usage" dialog box; however, when you attempt to print a proof of the final ad, the PrintMonitor may ask for them.

PROOFS

We will return any ads supplied without a proof
. Without a printed proof, we have no way of knowing how you intend an ad to look. We recommend a laser or inkjet proof. Please provide color proofs for color ads. If you are submitting a digital ad via email, please
fax a copy of the ad to (415) 703-9049
with a notation that the ad is being emailed, or
provide a pdf proof
with your email.

We highly recommend you print out & include the File Report from Quark, Flightcheck or other layout/pre-flight programs.

MODEL RELEASE

You must supply a signed & dated model release for all faces depicted.

RESOLUTION

300 dpi.

BLEEDS

1/2" beyond the size of a Full Page Ad. This is approximately 1/4" beyond the Trim Size, or Actual Page Size. For legibility, please keep text within the center Live Area (the same size as a non-bleeding Full-Page Ad).

COLOR

All colors (other than grays) used in your files must be in CMYK format (4-color Process). Most layout programs will convert Spot colors (Pantone, etc.) to Process; check the Color Definitions. We cannot accept RGB, indexed or other color formats.

COMPRESSION

Please use Zip or Stuffit only for large files (6MB or larger).

LABELING

Please label all media with the Designer Name & Phone Number, the Client (or Advertiser), and the Damron Book for which the ad is supplied (ie, Men's Travel Guide).

DISCLAIMER

We are not responsible for proofing or editing your digital ad. If you need us to make any changes, we must charge the client a minimum prep fee of $100.

CORRECT AD SIZES

NOTE: All Measurements are cited as Wide X Tall, in inches.




Ad Size

Men's Travel Guide

Women's Traveller

Damron City Guide



Third-Page Wide

none

none

5 x 2.5



Half-Page Wide

3 x 2.875

3.5 x 3

none



Half-Page Tall

none

1.75 x 6

2.375 x 7.75



Full-Page (Live Area)

3 x 6

3.5 x 6.125

5 x 7.75



Full-Page Bleed

4 x 7

4.5 x 7.5

6 x 9



Trim Size

3.5 x 6.5

4 x 7

5.5 x 8.5




QUESTIONS

Please call us at (800) 462-6654 or (415) 255-0404.







Advertise with Us
Purchase an Online Ad
Ad Specifications

Book Sales

Damron Images

Questions about
advertising?
Call us today at
800/462-6654



© 2018 Damron

Browse Listings


Add your Listing

Report a Correction

Featured Destinations



Events and Tours


Upcoming Events

Previous Events

Add Your Event

Tour Operators



The Store


Featured Products

Damron Travel Guides

International Guides

North American Guides

LBGT Fiction and Poetry

Women's Books

Books for Travelers

Other Products

For a Worthy Cause



Membership Options



Edit Your Profile


Privacy Policy

Terms of Service

Refunds and Cancellation



About Damron


Contact Us

Frequently Asked Questions




Advertise with Us


Ad Specifications

Book Sales

Damron Images


Designed & Developed by
The Emerald Curtain Studios


Back to Top
