














































Cookies | musement












Search



































Menu



Gift




Login




Register




Help




Chat with us




Chat with us




Email us




Call us




Explore




Museums & art




Tours & attractions




Performances




Food & wine




Active & adventure




Sports




Nightlife




Cart


















Museums & art











Tours & attractions





Performances






Food & wine














Active & adventure













Sports








Nightlife








The Website powered by Musement for providing its Services employs an industry-wide technology called “cookies.” Cookies are small pieces of data that are placed on your hard disk when you access a certain part of a website. Cookies help to easily provide Musement with information and allow Musement to understand which parts of the website are most popular, where users are going, and how much time they spend there in order to help customize your internet settings. Cookies are also used to show advertising (including from third parties) that is relevant to you.

If you do not wish to accept cookies, they can be disabled by following the instructions on the third party pages listed below and/or referring to your browser manufacturer’s instructions.

Musement uses the following cookies:

Technical cookies provided by Musement directly (needed to ensure a satisfactory provision of the Service)

We use cookies during your browsing session and persistent cookies when you visit our site multiple times to provide the following features:

Personalization
- for a better browsing experience.

Analytics
– to constantly improve our service.

Geolocation
.
This Application may collect, use, and share a user’s location data in order to provide location-based services.
Most browsers and devices provide tools to opt out of this feature by default.
Personal Data collected: Geographic position.

Opt Out


Technical cookies provided by third parties (needed to ensure a satisfactory provision of the service)

Google Analytics (Google)
- Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the data collected to track and examine (on an anonymous basis) the use of the website, to prepare reports on its activities, and share them with other Google services. Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads from its own advertising network.
Personal Data collected: Browsing and Data and Cookie Usage.
Place of processing: USA

Privacy Policy

Opt Out

Interaction with external social networks and platforms
- These services allow interaction with social networks or other external platforms directly from the website’s pages. The interaction and information obtained by this services
are always subject to the user’s privacy settings for each social network
. If a service enabling interaction with social networks is installed it may still collect traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when users do not use it.

Facebook Like button and social widgets (Facebook)
- The Facebook Like button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Facebook social network provided by Facebook Inc.
Personal Data collected: Browsing and Data and Cookie Usage.
Place of processing: USA

Privacy Policy

Pinterest “Pin it” button and social widgets (Pinterest)
- The Pinterest “Pin it” button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Pinterest platform provided by Pinterest Inc.
Personal Data collected: Browsing and Data and Cookie Usage.
Place of processing: USA

Privacy Policy

Google+ +1 button and social widgets (Google)
- The Google+ +1 button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Google+ social network provided by Google Inc.
Personal Data collected: Browsing and Data and Cookie Usage.
Place of processing: USA

Privacy Policy

Social Applications
- These services allow the website to access the data in your profile on social networks, and to interact through your posts. These services are not activated automatically, but require express authorization by the user.

Access to Twitter account (This Application)
-  This service allows this Application to connect with the User's account on the Twitter social network, provided by Twitter Inc.
Personal Data collected: Various types of data.
Place of processing: USA

Privacy Policy


Access to Facebook account (This Application)
- This service allows this Application to connect with the User's account to the Facebook social network, provided by Facebook Inc.
Permissions asked: About Me, Access Requests, Email, and Interests.
Place of processing: USA

Privacy Policy


Other cookies

Adara Audiecen Platform
- Adara provides digital advertising and analytic services for the benefit of third parties, giving them the ability to reach Internet users and consumers who are most likely to be interested in their respective products and services. Information collected through Adara’s cookies include the IP address, operating system, browser type, and website visited prior by the users. Adara provides these services to customers such as website operators and mobile application developers and consumers benefit from this technology by receiving more relevant online marketing content.

Privacy Policy

Opt Out

Follow us




Download our app



Contact us















Musement helps you get the best from destinations by providing a great choice of local tours and attractions.

Company


Who we are
Team
Press
Careers
Mobile app
Discover


What our customers say
Custom tours
Partnerships


Who we work with
Become a Guest Blogger
Publishers
Affiliate programs
Personal Travel Agents
Business solutions
Travel agencies
Become a Supplier

Preferences


English US



English US

English UK

Italiano

Français

Español

Deutsch

Português

Pусский

Nederlands


$ US Dollar



€ Euro

$ US Dollar

£ British Pound

CHF Swiss Franc

C$ Canadian Dollar

AU$ Australian Dollar

R$ Brazilian Real

د.إ United Arab Emirates Dirham

ARS Argentine Peso

ман Azerbaijani Manat

лв Bulgarian Lev

.د.ب Bahraini Dinar

CLP$ Chilean Peso

¥ Chinese Yuan

COL$ Colombian Peso

Kč Czech Koruna

DKK Danish Krone

ج.م Egyptian Pound

FJ$ Fijian Dollar

ლ Georgian Lari

HK$ Hong Kong Dollar

Ft Hungarian Forint

Rp Indonesian Rupiah

₪ Israeli New Shekel

₹ Indian Rupee

Íkr Icelandic Króna

JD Jordanian Dinar

¥ Japanese Yen

₩ South Korean Won

د.ك Kuwaiti Dinar

₸ Kazakhstani Tenge

L Moldovan Leu

Mex$ Mexican Peso

RM Malaysian Ringgit

N$ Namibian Dollar

NOK Norwegian Krone

NZ$ New Zealand Dollar

ر.ع. Omani Rial

zł Polish Zloty

ر.ق Qatari Rial

lei Romanian Leu

руб Russian Ruble

﷼ Saudi Riyal

kr Swedish Krona

S$ Singapore Dollar

฿ Thai Baht

₺ Turkish Lira

NT$ New Taiwan Dollar

₴ Ukrainian Hryvnia

CFA West African CFA Franc

R South African Rand

Support

FAQ
Contact us


Terms & conditions
Privacy
Cookies
Site map

© 2017 Musement S.p.A.

VAT IT07978000961 - License

Online Travel Agency nº 170695




Made with


in Milan, Italy



