














































Privacy | musement












Search



































Menu



Gift




Login




Register




Help




Chat with us




Chat with us




Email us




Call us




Explore




Museums & art




Tours & attractions




Performances




Food & wine




Active & adventure




Sports




Nightlife




Cart


















Museums & art











Tours & attractions





Performances






Food & wine














Active & adventure













Sports








Nightlife











Data Protection Information Statement / Requests for consent.



Purposes of the collection of the personal data.

Pursuant to article 13 of Legislative Decree no. 196/2003 (hereinafter the
Code
), Musement S.p.A (hereinafter
Musement
) will collect and process, as a Data Controller, certain personal information relating to the users of the web site
www.musement.com
, on other websites pointing to www.musement.com and subdomains thereof (the Website), and of the mobile application Musement (the APP).

The Personal Data – as defined herein below – is processed by Musement for purposes related to the supply of the services available on
www.musement.com

and other websites pointing to musement.com, and on the APP, and in particular to, depending on your requests:

(a)     Supply a search engine service to look for information on tickets and offers from museums, cultural institutions, theatres and tour operators (the
Supplier
), and

(b)     Sell vouchers to redeem tickets, or tickets, issued by the Supplier or by third party sellers to access the Supplier’s premises and exposition and/or to enjoy the leisure/travel services offered by the Supplier (the
Supplier’s Service
);

(c)

Sell tickets for leisure/travel services provided directly by Musement (including travel packages) and additional services ancillary to Supplier’s Products;

(d)

Publish and allow you to access reviews made by you or by third parties on tourist attractions or leisure opportunities;

(e)

Let you contact third party suppliers of information and services on leisure opportunities (hereinafter referred as the Suppliers as well)



(hereinafter the
Services
).

Unless you withdraw your consent at your personal page on this website, your Personal Data may be also processed by Musement to send you newsletter and other promotional materials related to Services similar to those previously provided to you on musement.com or through the APP. At any time you may withdraw your consent to receive these communications by sending an e-mail to
privacy@musement.com
.

In addition, at the time of enrolment or at the time of purchasing a Service, you may give your express consent to allow the Supplier to send you marketing communication, or Musement and its affiliated to carry out marketing and market analysis on the Personal Data.



Personal Data and mode and place of the processing.

The personal data may be directly provided by users of the Services when registering as registered users on the Website or when using the Services through the Website and/or the APP (i.e. personal details such as name, surname, e-mail address, credit card number; and - if requested by applicable tax law – home address, country, telephone numbers, date of birth, taxpayer’s number) or may be provided when accessing the Website or the APP through your Facebook credentials (i.e. personal details such as name, surname, Country, date of birth, Facebook friends) and may also include data collected when the users are provided with the Service (i.e. type and amount of product purchased and information provided by Cookies – see below) (the
Personal Data
).

The Personal Data will be stored in Musement’s servers and processed (by either electronic or non-electronic means) for the purposes of managing the Services, to conduct statistical market research (by the means of anonymized data) and in order to comply with any obligation set forth by the applicable laws. The Personal Data will be processed only by persons in charge appointed by Musement, and notably by Musement’s employees (also employed to Musement’s branches and affiliates).



Communication of Personal Data to the Suppliers (data controllers).

For the purpose of providing the Service, Musement may communicate to the Supplier – as identified in the relevant “product information” page and in the purchase order – the Personal Data strictly necessary to provide the Supplier’s Service either in Italy and abroad (i.e. the user’s name, your email address if this is needed to fulfil the Supplier’s Service and any reservation of booking relevant information). The Supplier will act as an autonomous data controller in connection with the Personal Data supplied. The Supplier may have and send you its privacy policies which we encourage you to read carefully. The Suppliers may contact you as necessary to obtain additional information about you, to facilitate your reservation or booking, make available the Supplier’s Service or respond to a review you may submit.



Communication of Personal Data to Musement’s affiliates and other suppliers (data processors).

For the purpose of providing the Service, Musement may communicate the Personal Data to entities performing consultancy or advisory activities for it, to its affiliate companies and to its suppliers, either in Italy and abroad, within the EU, for performing functions on its behalf in connection with the Services (such as fulfilling orders, delivering tickets, sending postal mail and e-mails, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments and providing customer services). Such companies will have access to Personal Data needed to perform these functions (but can not use it for any other purpose), are required to process the data in accordance with applicable law, are appointed data processor on behalf of Musement and will be listed on a update list available on
musement.com
. The Personal Data shall not be communicated to other third parties or otherwise published, except as provided in the following paragraph.



Dissemination of Personal Data.

Should you insert comments or reviews, they can be accessed by all users of the App and may be posted to those third parties that you have qualified as “friends” on Facebook and use the App.



Time of processing.

The Personal Data is kept for the time necessary to provide the Services requested by the User, or stated by the purposes outlined in this document, and the user can always request the data controllers for their suspension or removal.



Cookies.

Certain pages of the Website providing the Services may employ an industry-wide technology called “cookies”. The “cookies” are small pieces of data that are placed on your hard disk drive when you access a certain part of a website. Cookies help you to provide Musement with information easily and Musement understand which parts of its websites are the most popular, where Musement visitors are going, and how much time they spend there in order to help you by customising your internet settings. Notably, Musement uses the cookies as stated in the “
Cookies page
”.

If you do not wish to accept cookies, they can be disabled referring to the third party’s pages listed in

“
Cookies page
” and/or referring to your browser manufacturer’s instructions.



Security measures.

Musement has adopted security measures in order to minimize the risks related to the loss or damage – even accidental - of the Personal Data, unauthorised access or unlawful data processing.



Exercising the right granted by the data protection law.

You may, at any time, exercise the rights granted to you by the law, namely the right to be informed about the existence, content, source, purposes and methods of processing the Personal Data, and the right to obtain updates, rectification, integration and (when allowed by the law) erasure of the Personal Data. These rights may be exercised by contacting the data protection officer appointed by Musement by sending an e-mail to privacy@musement.com. Please note that failure to provide your Personal Data may prevent Musement from supplying the Services.


Follow us




Download our app



Contact us















Musement helps you get the best from destinations by providing a great choice of local tours and attractions.

Company


Who we are
Team
Press
Careers
Mobile app
Discover


What our customers say
Custom tours
Partnerships


Who we work with
Become a Guest Blogger
Publishers
Affiliate programs
Personal Travel Agents
Business solutions
Travel agencies
Become a Supplier

Preferences


English US



English US

English UK

Italiano

Français

Español

Deutsch

Português

Pусский

Nederlands


$ US Dollar



€ Euro

$ US Dollar

£ British Pound

CHF Swiss Franc

C$ Canadian Dollar

AU$ Australian Dollar

R$ Brazilian Real

د.إ United Arab Emirates Dirham

ARS Argentine Peso

ман Azerbaijani Manat

лв Bulgarian Lev

.د.ب Bahraini Dinar

CLP$ Chilean Peso

¥ Chinese Yuan

COL$ Colombian Peso

Kč Czech Koruna

DKK Danish Krone

ج.م Egyptian Pound

FJ$ Fijian Dollar

ლ Georgian Lari

HK$ Hong Kong Dollar

Ft Hungarian Forint

Rp Indonesian Rupiah

₪ Israeli New Shekel

₹ Indian Rupee

Íkr Icelandic Króna

JD Jordanian Dinar

¥ Japanese Yen

₩ South Korean Won

د.ك Kuwaiti Dinar

₸ Kazakhstani Tenge

L Moldovan Leu

Mex$ Mexican Peso

RM Malaysian Ringgit

N$ Namibian Dollar

NOK Norwegian Krone

NZ$ New Zealand Dollar

ر.ع. Omani Rial

zł Polish Zloty

ر.ق Qatari Rial

lei Romanian Leu

руб Russian Ruble

﷼ Saudi Riyal

kr Swedish Krona

S$ Singapore Dollar

฿ Thai Baht

₺ Turkish Lira

NT$ New Taiwan Dollar

₴ Ukrainian Hryvnia

CFA West African CFA Franc

R South African Rand

Support

FAQ
Contact us


Terms & conditions
Privacy
Cookies
Site map

© 2017 Musement S.p.A.

VAT IT07978000961 - License

Online Travel Agency nº 170695




Made with


in Milan, Italy



