














































FAQ | musement












Search



































Menu



Gift




Login




Register




Help




Chat with us




Chat with us




Email us




Call us




Explore




Museums & art




Tours & attractions




Performances




Food & wine




Active & adventure




Sports




Nightlife




Cart


















Museums & art











Tours & attractions





Performances






Food & wine














Active & adventure













Sports








Nightlife









Preguntas más frecuentes

Book an experience





How do I make a booking?



- Select an activity or attraction. Clicked the button to Check Availability and select a date. Only available dates will be highlighted
- Some tours have multiple options that will appear here, eg, tour language, seating, public group or private tour, etc. Be sure to select the options relevant to you. You’ll then be prompted to select your desired starting time (if applicable) and the number of participants in your group. Then click ‘Continue’
- Fill in your  personal information and payment details on the following page and click ‘Confirm booking’
- Once you submit your booking the reservation will be confirmed. In most cases booking is confirmed immediately after purchase or in the next few hours - unless indicated otherwise on the activity description. You’ll receive the ticket voucher via email. Please print your ticket (unless it’s a mobile voucher) and bring it to the meeting point stated on the ticket.





Can I book over the telephone?

Musement is an online booking service but you can also book over the phone. Our Customer Care is available seven days a week via email or phone, from 8am to 7pm, Italian time.

IT +39 0245386900
IT: +39 02 94752531
UK: +44 1429 452010
ES: +34 518 880 608
DE: +49 32 211 001584
FR: +33 9 70 73 22 06
US: +1 (202) 899-8702
NL: +31 85 8883 986
PT:  +351 308 804 066
CH: +41 43 508 58 22
WhatsApp: +39 393 8611983




Do I need to register in order to make a purchase?

You can either register or continue as a guest when making a purchase. We recommend that you register and create an account so you can access your order directly on our Musement website and our App, anytime, anywhere; and also receive various offers and discounts.




Once I’ve booked Is my reservation confirmed?

In most cases booking is confirmed immediately after purchase or in the next few hours - unless indicated otherwise on the activity description. You’ll receive a confirmation email with the voucher. If you’re a registered client you can confirm and also download your vouchers, directly from your account. If you’re not registered and fail to receive your confirmation email, check your spam folder or contact us at
support@musement.com
.




Can I purchase an activity as a gift?

Yes! Simply select an experience and click the Gift button. You can also customize your present with a
            personal message and picture. The person receiving the gift will then receive a code.
            This code needs to be entered on our
website
,
            so they can claim their amazing gift.




What’s the difference between an open ticket and one with a set date?

With an open ticket you can enter a museum, exhibition, or any other attraction during operating hours,
            without having to decide a specific day and time. The day ticket is valid for the whole day that you reserve,
            without a specific time, while the reservation ticket is valid only on the day and the time that you select
            during the purchase.




Why do I need to choose an entry time?

Our tickets allow you to access activities with priority entries.
            Your entry is guaranteed for 15 minutes starting from the time you’ve selected.




Can you provide transportation services to/from my hotel?

Many of our guided tours include transportation to and from your hotel.
            Please check the ‘What’s included’ section of the product's page to check if this service is available.




Do you offer tours and activities in my travel destination?

We offer over 14,000 tours and activities in over 400 destinations, so chances are we’ll have something to offer
            wherever you’re going! Simply search by destination.




Can I book flights, hotels or car rental through you?

Musement does not offer bookings for flights, car rental or hotels.
            We specialize in sightseeing tours, excursions, attractions and events in hundreds of destinations worldwide.



Payment


Is my payment secure?

Yes, we use an online payment system that is internationally recognized and entirely secure.
            It protects against fraud and unauthorized transactions by encrypting your payment information.




What type of payment options do you accept?

Musement accepts all major international credit cards and Paypal,
            and guarantees the highest standards of security and control.




When am I charged for my booking?

Your credit card or Paypal account will be charged immediately upon booking.
            If the local tour operator does not accept your booking, the charged amount will be credited back to the
            account from which the charge was drawn at no extra cost.



Changes & cancellations


Can I make changes to my booking?

It may be possible to make changes to your reservation, however this depends upon the type of change required and is
            at the discretion of the travel service provider.
            Contact Musement Customer Care with your booking code and we’ll be able to advise you if the change is possible.
            Please select your tour carefully, as not all travel service providers will accept changes once you’ve received
            confirmation of your reservation.




How do I cancel a booking?

Unfortunately, not all tours and tickets can be canceled as it depends on the policy of the individual travel service provider.
            Details can be found both on the product page and voucher. While we do our best to accommodate our customers,
            we must conform to our partner's policies. If you would like to cancel your booking write to
support@musement.com




Resolve a problem


I booked an activity but haven’t received my tickets or voucher. What should I do?

Check your spam folder. Otherwise, we may have sent you an email stating when you can expect your voucher.
            While we’ve successfully received your reservation we might be waiting for further confirmation from the tour organizer.
            You’ll receive the tickets by the date stated in the email.
            If you haven’t received an email or your voucher contact us at
support@musement.com





What happens if I lose my voucher or delete my payment confirmation email?

If you’re registered all of your purchase details can be viewed in the profile you created at registration.
            If you made a purchase as a guest, send an email to
support@musement.com
or call us on +1 (202) 899-8702 and we’ll resend you the reservation confirmation.
            If the reservation requires a print-out voucher, you must reprint the voucher to access your activity.




What should I do if I have a problem after my purchase or during a tour?

Check the information on your order voucher and search our FAQ. If you don’t find an answer, contact us at
support@musement.com
or on  +1 (202) 899-8702.




I forgot to print out my voucher, can I use my smartphone instead?

Unfortunately, the majority of our partners don’t accept electronic vouchers.
            If you’re already at the location of the activity, please contact us on +1 (202) 899-8702 so we may let our partner know.




What do I do if I am late for my tour?

Refer to the contact details listed on your voucher and contact the tour operator for instructions.
            There’s no guarantee you’ll be able to join your tour at a later departure, as they may be fully booked.
            Please allow sufficient time, whenever possible, to reach the departure point in time for your tour.
            Many travel services carry heavy cancellation penalties.




I can’t find a specific product. Can you help me?

You can type your desired product on our search bar and verify if it’s available.
            If it’s not available, you can request a quote for a private tour.




What do I do with my voucher?

The voucher can be downloaded on the Thank you page after you've made your purchase. Otherwise it can also be downloaded from the final confirmation email. Check if it's a mobile voucher or needs to be printed out beforehand.



Contact us


How do I contact Musement?

Livechat, email
support@musement.com
or by phone on the following numbers:

IT +39 0245386900
IT: +39 02 94752531
UK: +44 1429 452010
ES: +34 518 880 608
DE: +49 32 211 001584
FR: +33 9 70 73 22 06
US: +1 (202) 899-8702
NL: +31 85 8883 986
PT:  +351 308 804 066
CH: +41 43 508 58 22
WhatsApp: +39 393 8611983




What are your Customer Care opening hours?

We offer support and answer queries via email and phone seven days a week.
            Our Customer Care is open Monday to Sunday, 8am to 7pm, Italian time.



Follow us




Download our app



Contact us















Musement helps you get the best from destinations by providing a great choice of local tours and attractions.

Company


Who we are
Team
Press
Careers
Mobile app
Discover


What our customers say
Custom tours
Partnerships


Who we work with
Become a Guest Blogger
Publishers
Affiliate programs
Personal Travel Agents
Business solutions
Travel agencies
Become a Supplier

Preferences


English US



English US

English UK

Italiano

Français

Español

Deutsch

Português

Pусский

Nederlands


$ US Dollar



€ Euro

$ US Dollar

£ British Pound

CHF Swiss Franc

C$ Canadian Dollar

AU$ Australian Dollar

R$ Brazilian Real

د.إ United Arab Emirates Dirham

ARS Argentine Peso

ман Azerbaijani Manat

лв Bulgarian Lev

.د.ب Bahraini Dinar

CLP$ Chilean Peso

¥ Chinese Yuan

COL$ Colombian Peso

Kč Czech Koruna

DKK Danish Krone

ج.م Egyptian Pound

FJ$ Fijian Dollar

ლ Georgian Lari

HK$ Hong Kong Dollar

Ft Hungarian Forint

Rp Indonesian Rupiah

₪ Israeli New Shekel

₹ Indian Rupee

Íkr Icelandic Króna

JD Jordanian Dinar

¥ Japanese Yen

₩ South Korean Won

د.ك Kuwaiti Dinar

₸ Kazakhstani Tenge

L Moldovan Leu

Mex$ Mexican Peso

RM Malaysian Ringgit

N$ Namibian Dollar

NOK Norwegian Krone

NZ$ New Zealand Dollar

ر.ع. Omani Rial

zł Polish Zloty

ر.ق Qatari Rial

lei Romanian Leu

руб Russian Ruble

﷼ Saudi Riyal

kr Swedish Krona

S$ Singapore Dollar

฿ Thai Baht

₺ Turkish Lira

NT$ New Taiwan Dollar

₴ Ukrainian Hryvnia

CFA West African CFA Franc

R South African Rand

Support

FAQ
Contact us


Terms & conditions
Privacy
Cookies
Site map

© 2017 Musement S.p.A.

VAT IT07978000961 - License

Online Travel Agency nº 170695




Made with


in Milan, Italy



