

Musement for business















































































LANGUAGE



English US

English UK

Italiano







Apply
















Toggle navigation





?








English US

English UK

Italiano

Français

Español

Deutsch

Português

Русский

Nederlands





English US



Solutions


text.business.enpoint1

text.business.enpoint2

text.business.enpoint3



Contact Us


Help


CALL US

CHAT WITH US

EMAIL US













CONTACT US


PHONE

CHAT WITH US

EMAIL












Source of travel experiences for local immersion

Give your users access to our 5,000 activities from around the world and inspire them with the best things to do when they travel. Improve the travel experience you are providing and monetize your traffic by giving your users what they are looking for: living like a local anywhere they go.










Portfolio of integration solutions

Musement for Business is a customizable and cutting edge suite of tools to foster inspiration and upgrade a traveler’s experience with local activities. Choose your way to integrate our large portfolio of events and monitor your performance to make local activities always relevant for your audience.







API


Transactional API access to build your own in-destination activities experience.

Discover more





White Label


Fully branded and customizable White Label solution for complete immersion.

Discover more





Activities Widgets


Use our widget builder to design your own and quickly plug it into your pages or emails.

Discover more





Deep Linking


A mobile-specific solution designed for activities integration within your app.

Discover more









Give them what they are looking for...







World class inventory

Instant access to our events in more than 300 cities across 60 countries available in 7 languages.





Cutting Edge Technology

Easy and intuitive set-up for a powerful integration of our products within your website or app.





Partner Return

Integration at strategic touch-points impacts traffic monetization. Musement has the best basket conversion rate on the market.





Easy-to-Integrate Solutions

From the most instantaneous integrations to deeper ones, our technologies are made to be intuitive and easy to use.









They trusted us
































Contact us

For questions about Musement Business and our products, please get in touch with us:

Submit a request








Developers Hub

Our library of simple tools and documentation will help you easily integrate our activities and event portfolio within your platform.

Discover more


















Follow us:




































About us



Terms & conditions



Privacy










© 2017 Musement S.r.l.
-
© 2017
Musement S.p.A.
Share Cap. € 97.587,60 - REA MI1995020  VAT IT07978000961 - Online Travel Agency License n. 170695
Share Capital 58.828, 33€ VAT IT07978000961































Musement uses cookies to make your experience on the site simpler. If you want to know more
click here
. By continuing on this site, you accept our cookie policy.


OK










