






Cheap Hotels, Hostels, Bed and Breakfast and Apartments | budgetplaces











































English








Frequently used languages

Deutsch

English

Español

Français

Italiano

All languages

Bahasa Melayu

Català

česky

Dansk

Deutsch

English

English (US)

Español

Français

Hrvatski

Italiano

Magyar

Nederlands

Norsk

Polski

Português

Pусский

Română

Slovenčina

Suomi

Svenska

Türkçe

Ελληνικά

български

日本語

简体中文







EUR








Top currencies

Euro - €

Pound sterling - £

US dollar - US$

All currencies

Algerian dinar - DZD

Argentine peso - ARS

Armenia Drams - AMD

Australian dollar - AU$

Bahamian dollar - BSD

Bahraini dinar - BHD

Belize dollar - BZD

Bosnia-Herzegovina mark - BAM

Brazilian real - BRL

Canadian dollar - C$

CFA franc BCEAO - XOF

CFP franc - XPF

Chilean peso - CLP

Chinese yuan - ¥

Colombian peso - COP

Croatian kuna - HRK

Cuban convertible peso - CUC

Czech koruna - CZK

Danish krone - DKK

Egyptian pounds - EGP

Euro - €

Ghana cedi - GHS

Hong Kong dollar - HKD

Hungarian forint - Ft

Icelandic króna - ISK

Indian rupee - INR

Indonesia Rupiahs - IDR

Israeli new shekel - ILS

Jamaican dollar - JMD

Japanese yen - ¥

Jordan Dinars - JOD

Kenyan shilling - KES

Kuwaiti dinar - KWD

Malaysian ringgit - MYR

Mexican peso - MXN

Moroccan dirham - MAD

New Zealand dollar - NZD

Norwegian krone - NOK

Philippine peso - PHP

Polish zloty - zł

Pound sterling - £

Romanian leu - RON

Russian ruble - P.

Rwandan Franc - RWF

Saudi riyal - SAR

Serbian dinar - RSD

Singapore dollar - S$

South African rand - ZAR

Sri Lankan rupee - LKR

Swazi lilangeni - SZL

Swedish krona - SEK

Swiss franc - CHF

Tanzanian shilling - TZS

Thai baht - ฿

Turkish lira - TL

UAE dirham - AED

Ukrainian hryvnia - UAH

US dollar - US$

Vietnamese dong - ₫






Sign in
or
Create an account












Best Price Guarantee



Relax, you've got the best price possible. If you see the same offer for less on another website, we'll refund you the difference.












Enter your search details:






X


Please enter the destination, hotel or landmark you’re looking for















Rooms:
1
,
			Guests:
2






Rooms: 1, Guests: 1

Rooms: 1, Guests: 2

Rooms: 1, Guests: 3

Rooms: 1, Guests: 4





Add a room

More options










Search









Terms & Conditions for EnGrande S.L. Websites

General Conditions of Contract



Description of service provided

This website has been created and is managed by "EnGrande, Sociedad Limitada" (hereafter referred to as "EnGrande"), and the names pertaining to this company, its logos and websites are www.30budapest.com, www.30granada.com, www.30lyon.com, www.30madrid.com,www.30valencia.com, www.amsterdam30.com, www.andorra30.com, www.antwerp30.com, www.athens30.com, www.bangkok30.com,www.barcelona30.com, www.berlin30.com, www.bilbao30.com, www.bologna30.com, www.brugge30.com, www.brussels30.com,www.budgetplaces.com, www.budgetplaces.net, www.buenosaires30.com, www.cannes30.com, www.cologne30.com,www.copenhagen30.com, www.cordoba30.com, www.cork30.com, www.dublin30.com, www.edinburgh30.com, www.florence30.com,www.frankfurt30.com, www.geneva50.com, www.glasgow30.com, www.istanbul30.com, www.krakow30.com, www.lisbon30.com,www.liverpool30.com, www.london30.com, www.losangeles30.com, www.m.budgetplaces.com, www.malaga30.com, www.malta30.com,www.manchester30.com, www.marrakech30.com, www.marseille30.com, www.melbourne50.com, www.miami50.com, www.milan30.com,www.montreal50.com, www.munich30.com, www.napoli30.com, www.newyork50.com, www.nice30.com, www.palermo30.com,www.paris35.com, www.pisa30.com, www.porto30.com, www.prague30.com, www.riodejaneiro30.com, www.rome30.com,www.rotterdam30.com, www.saintpetersburg30.com, www.salamanca30.com, www.salzburg30.com, www.sanfrancisco50.com,www.sevilla30.com, www.singapore30.com, www.stockholm30.com, www.sydney50.com, www.toronto50.com, www.toulouse30.com,www.vancouver50.com, www.venice35.com, www.vienna35.com, www.warsaw30.com, www.zaragoza30.com, www.zurich30.com. We act as intermediaries between accommodation providers and site users to provide an accommodation reservation service for hotels, hostels, bed & breakfasts, apartments and rural guest houses. Our service is based on the information given to us by the accommodation providers. We make every effort to ensure that the information provided on this website is accurate. EnGrande accepts no responsibility whatsoever for the accuracy of information provided by third parties, nor interruptions in services of any kind.

The mentioned websites, their contents and infrastructure used to provide said information, belongs exclusively to EnGrande. The user hereby agrees to use this website for personal ends which do not include the direct or indirect personal financial gain of the user. The user also agrees to use this website in a lawful manner and in no way which is prohibited by these conditions and the law.



Privacy

For more information please see the following section: "II. Privacy Policy" (below).



Credit card guarantee

Our collaborating establishments require the user’s credit card details in order to secure the reservation. This information is supplied directly to the establishment where the reservation has been made*.

When making a reservation, the client directly accepts an agreement with the establishment chosen. EnGrande will directly charge the client’s credit card a prepayment which corresponds to a part of or the total cost of the reservation. This online payment is made in EUROS (other currencies may be shown for your information only and may vary according to the exchange rates). When this has been completed, it means that the reservation has been confirmed and the establishment availability will be blocked for the dates of your reservation. The remaining amount of the total charge will be paid in local currency directly upon your arrival at the establishment (unless otherwise indicated). You can book for up to 20 people at a single establishment and for a maximum of 31 nights.

*We have 'Secure Sockets Layer' (SSL) software from DigiCert which guarantees encryption of credit card data sent via the Internet, preventing third party access to this information. This software ensures that every transaction is 100% secure.



Pre-authorisations

Some hotels have a policy to carry out pre-authorisations of the credit card to confirm the reservation. They may do it before the client’s date of arrival in order to check that the card is still valid and to verify that there is enough credit to cover the cost of the reservation. If the card is not valid or does not have enough credit to cover the amount due to be paid on arrival, we urge the client to get in contact with the accommodation and provide details of a valid card. If there is an error during the pre-authorisation process, the hotel may cancel the reservation. It is therefore very important that the client makes sure the credit card used during the reservation process is valid and has enough credit until the day of arrival to avoid the reservation being cancelled. Should the hotel cancel the booking, please note that the cancellation policy of your reservation will apply.



*BudgetPartner non-refundable rate conditions

The establishment will charge the full remaining balance in local currency at any time after booking. If the credit card used to make the booking is invalid or has insufficient funds, the hotelier will cancel the reservation, and the amount paid online will not be refunded.

*A BudgetPartner establishment is an establishment that has been directly contracted by EnGrande and is indicated with the BudgetPartner logo.



PayPal payment conditions

The customer must make sure that the billing agreement with us remains active until the check-out date has passed, to avoid the cancellation of their reservation. Should the reservation be cancelled, please note that the cancellation policy of your reservation will apply.



Fully prepaid rate conditions

The customer will be charged the total amount by credit card at the time of making the online reservation. This amount will be always charged in EUROS (other currencies may be shown for your information only and may vary according to the current exchange rate). Please note that if you pay in other currencies you may be charged transaction fees by your bank.





Cancellations and no-show policy



BudgetPartner* establishments

*A BudgetPartner is an establishment that has been directly contracted by EnGrande and is indicated with the BudgetPartner logo.

Please be aware that all accommodation applies its own specific cancellation policies, details of which are shown during the booking process on the web page and also on the confirmation email.

You can cancel your reservation (as long as it is done within the time limit specified by the accommodation's cancellation policy as stated in the confirmation email) in one of the following ways:

Either send a message to +34 647950766 via WhatsApp (available Monday to Friday from 9am to 6pm, Spain time), send an email to reservations@budgetplaces.com, or, if you have an account, sign in, click on ‘My reservations’, then select and cancel the reservation. If you don’t have an account, go to ‘Find your reservation’, enter your email address and reservation number, then click the ‘Cancel Reservation’ button to start the cancellation process. You will subsequently receive an automatically generated email with a link to confirm and finalise your cancellation (please make sure you also check your spam folder). Please check your reservation confirmation email, which details the applicable cancellation policy, for further information.

Cancellation will entail a penalty fee equivalent to the amount paid online to reserve the stay, which corresponds to between 10% and 25% of the total cost of the stay at the accommodation. In the case of partial cancellation, the penalty fee shall be reduced proportionally.

If the reservation is cancelled by notifying us before 12:00 midday (local time at destination) on the day specified in the cancellations policy indicated during the reservation process and in the reservation confirmation, the client will receive a discount offer equivalent to the penalty fee, to use towards the online payment of future reservations operated by EnGrande. The discount offer shall be valid for a period of 6 months and can be used for BudgetPartner establishments only. Please note that we must charge a minimum of 0.30€ for each reservation. EnGrande reserves the right to not award the client the discount at its own discretion.

If the reservation is cancelled by notifying us after 12:00 midday (local time at destination) on the day specified in the cancellations policy indicated during the reservation process and in the reservation confirmation, or if the client simply does not show up at the accommodation (no-show), without having contacted us within the cancellation period specified by the accommodation in the reservation confirmation, the accommodation will charge a penalty fee in accordance with its cancellation conditions. When the online payment has been made through a bank transfer (SEPA) or PayPal, the penalty fee will be charged by budgetplaces.com. The amount paid online will not be reimbursed and the client shall not benefit from the discount offer. Should the client decide upon arrival not to use their reservation, or to only make use of part of it, the accommodation owner has the right to be compensated according to his own policy. In both cases, the amount paid online will not be refunded.

EnGrande acts in good faith as an intermediary in contracting your reservation, which is then confirmed by the accommodation provider. The accommodation provider is ultimately responsible for providing the accommodation, and it is the sole responsibility of the accommodation provider to respond to any incident with regards to the final provision of accommodation. EnGrande, in reciprocity with the user in the clause titled "Cancellation and No-Show Policy", assumes responsibility only of the amount paid online to reserve the stay. If and when fault or negligence is found on EnGrande’s part as an intermediary in the provision of information, EnGrande will be liable only up to a maximum amount of the money pre-paid online by the customer.

By paying the Cancellation Fee Protection, if for any reason you need to cancel your reservation within the time limit specified during the booking process and also on the confirmation email, we will refund the amount you paid online; otherwise the same amount will be credited to your account at budgetplaces.com. (If you don’t have an account, please create one in order to be able to use your credit towards future reservations.) Cancellation after the time limit or no-shows will still incur the fees listed by the establishment, the amount you initially paid online will not be refunded and you will not benefit from the discount. Cancellation Fee Protection is not refundable and does not cover credit you used towards the reservation.

If a non-refundable reservation is cancelled, the amount paid online will not be refunded, you will not benefit from the discount and you will be charged 100% of the remaining balance by the hotelier (if this was not already charged when the reservation was made).



Other accommodation providers

Please be aware that all establishments apply their own specific cancellation policies, details of which are shown during the booking process on the web page and also in the confirmation email.

You can cancel your reservation as long as it is done within the time limit specified by the establishment’s cancellation policy as stated in the confirmation email.

Please note that fully prepaid reservations can only be cancelled by the customer through the confirmation email.  If you do not receive this email, please contact reservations@budgetplaces.com. By clicking the “See reservation” button in the confirmation email, you will open your reservation page to confirm the cancellation. You will then receive confirmation of the cancellation by email.

Please note that the amount paid online will be refunded fully, partially or will not be refunded according to the hotel’s cancellation conditions.

We remind you that for fully prepaid reservations charges and refunds are always made in EUROS (other currencies may be shown  for your information only and may vary according to the current exchange rate).





Consumer obligation

In order to deal with any complaint, the consumer or user is informed of their obligation to present a complaint form in the service provider’s name or by any other written means which states any breach of contract experienced in-situ, as soon as possible and within a maximum period of 48 hours from the date of arrival, both to the service provider (establishment reserved) in question and to EnGrande. If the consumer fails to communicate their complaint in the period of time and by the method stated, they must be able to prove the alleged breach of contract according to the established general proof criteria, and any damage caused by or made worse by their failure to communicate will be the consumer’s responsibility.



Reservation changes



BudgetPartner establishments

If the client wishes to make changes to their reservation, they can either send a message with their reservation number to +34 607605910 using our WhatsApp service (available Monday to Friday from 9am to 6pm, Spain time), or send an email to reservations@budgetplaces.com using the same email address provided when they made the reservation. This must be done within the deadline indicated during the reservation process and in the confirmation email, specifying the required changes. Changes to a reservation will always be made subject to current availability, prices, conditions and any active special offers or discounts. If the amount to be paid online for the modified reservation is less than the original prepayment, as penalty fee the difference will be given as a discount to use towards future reservations on our website. By paying the Cancellation Fee Protection, this difference will be refunded. Should the amount to be paid online for the modified reservation be more than the original prepayment, you will be charged the difference. We inform you that, once the time limit stated in the reservation confirmation email has passed, we cannot accept requests for changes to the reservation and the part paid online will not be reimbursed.

Reservation changes which involve reducing the number of people or nights in the original reservation shall be understood as a partial cancellation and, as a consequence, the Cancellation and No-Show Policy (clause 4.1) shall be applicable proportionally.

Changes are not possible with non-refundable reservations.



Other accommodation providers

Reservation changes are not allowed when reserving establishments from other accommodation providers.





Liability disclaimer

EnGrande acts as a mediator (or) intermediary in the contracting of the services offered on its web pages. Under no circumstances can EnGrande change the contracting conditions established by each supplier (establishment reserved).

The photographs and information which appear on our web page are provided directly by the establishment and other suppliers, in agreement with the applicable law in the corresponding country. The information on the web site may be modified periodically, either by us, our affiliates or the respective suppliers of both.

Transport companies, hotels, apartments and all those who provide services to us are by contract only and are neither our agents nor employed by us nor by our affiliates or associates, and our function is limited to that of mediator and/or intermediary. We are not responsible for errors, omissions, promises, guarantees, failure to follow through with promises made or negligence on the part of any of our providers. We will not be held responsible for personal damages, death, material loss or any other damages financial or otherwise caused by the providers or their services.



Trademarks, Copyrights, Links, Applicable Law

All materials on this website (as well as the organization and layout of the website) are owned and copyrighted or licensed for use by EnGrande, located at Travessera de Gràcia, 17-21, 7º, 08017 Barcelona, Spain. All rights reserved. www.30budapest.com, www.30granada.com, www.30lyon.com, www.30madrid.com, www.30valencia.com, www.amsterdam30.com, www.andorra30.com, www.antwerp30.com, www.athens30.com, www.bangkok30.com, www.barcelona30.com, www.berlin30.com, www.bilbao30.com, www.bologna30.com, www.brugge30.com, www.brussels30.com, www.budgetplaces.com, www.budgetplaces.net, www.buenosaires30.com, www.cannes30.com, www.cologne30.com, www.copenhagen30.com, www.cordoba30.com, www.cork30.com, www.dublin30.com, www.edinburgh30.com, www.florence30.com, www.frankfurt30.com, www.geneva50.com, www.glasgow30.com, www.istanbul30.com, www.krakow30.com, www.lisbon30.com, www.liverpool30.com, www.london30.com, www.losangeles30.com, www.m.budgetplaces.com, www.malaga30.com, www.malta30.com, www.manchester30.com, www.marrakech30.com, www.marseille30.com, www.melbourne50.com, www.miami50.com, www.milan30.com, www.montreal50.com, www.munich30.com, www.napoli30.com, www.newyork50.com, www.nice30.com, www.palermo30.com, www.paris35.com, www.pisa30.com, www.porto30.com, www.prague30.com, www.riodejaneiro30.com, www.rome30.com, www.rotterdam30.com, www.saintpetersburg30.com, www.salamanca30.com, www.salzburg30.com, www.sanfrancisco50.com, www.sevilla30.com, www.singapore30.com, www.stockholm30.com, www.sydney50.com, www.toronto50.com, www.toulouse30.com, www.vancouver50.com, www.venice35.com, www.vienna35.com, www.warsaw30.com, www.zaragoza30.com, www.zurich30.com and their associated logos are registered commercial trademarks or names of EnGrande. The other products and names of companies mentioned on this website may also be registered commercial trademarks. The copyright of the material contained on this web site belongs to our affiliates, suppliers, or to us, EnGrande, unless otherwise specified.

Information downloaded from this website is intended exclusively for personal and non-commercial use. You may not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, frame in another web page, use on any other website, transfer or sell any information, software, lists of users, databases or other lists, products or services obtained from this web site. Except with the written permission of EnGrande, the user agrees to refrain from reproducing, distributing, or transmitting copyrighted materials, accessing or attempting to access password-protected, secure or non-public areas of this web site.

This web site may contain hyperlinks to other web sites or information pertaining to third parties which belong to other companies unrelated to ours and are provided exclusively as a reference and general information, over which we have absolutely no control, and are in no way responsible for either their content or their use. The fact that hyperlinks are included to other web sites by no means implies that EnGrande approves of their content or that it maintains any relationship with the companies represented.

EnGrande is registered as a company in Spain and therefore is under the jurisdiction of Spanish law and the European Union. Court proceedings and tribunals to settle any dispute will always be those relevant for each case as set forth in Spanish legislation.



Prices and Best Price Guarantee

If you see the same offer for less on another website, we'll refund you the difference. How does it work? If you've just booked with us and then see exactly the same offer for less on another website, send us a link as proof within 24 hours and we'll refund the difference after you have checked out. To get your refund, please email us at reservations@budgetplaces.comwith the following information:

- A link to the cheaper offer (not a screen-shot), which must be bookable online.
- Your reservation number.

Our best price guarantee does not apply to same-day bookings, or when the cheaper price is due to a loyalty programme, bonus reward points or other such offer which the hotel or agency is running exclusively on their website.

The exchange rate is only approximate and does not reflect the exact, current price as exchange rates may vary.

Obvious errors (including typos) are non-binding.

Special offers and promotions on our website are indicated as such.



Discounts and promocodes

Discounts the client may be granted will be shown in your account overview (if you don’t have an account, you can create one by going to the ‘My account’ section of our website), and can be used for future reservations on budgetplaces.com. All discounts awarded will be valid for 6 months from the moment it is issued and can only be used once. Discounts can only be used for new reservations and not for any changes to existing reservations. Discounts can be used against the amounts paid online for your next reservations until they are exhausted or the time limit expires, bearing in mind that we must charge your credit card a minimum of €0.30 for every reservation made. In its correspondence, EnGrande may refer to its discounts as credit which is only applicable on BudgetPartner establishments.

Promocodes are valid for a specific period of time according to each campaign, are only applicable on BudgetPartner establishments, and are not cumulative with other offers.



Taxes and Billing

Fully prepaid rates are subject to the special VAT regulations for travel agencies (Spanish Tax Law on VAT 28/2014, chapter VI). The rest of the rates are subject to the general VAT regulations.



Privacy Policy

In accordance with the Spanish Data Protection & Personal Privacy Law 15/1999, EnGrande ensures that all personal information is stored on a secure data base, and is used solely to process your reservation, to inform you of your reservation status, inform you about future EnGrande promotions and activities, and for the purpose of quality control following your stay at the accommodation.

For BudgetPartner establishments, in order to process your reservation, EnGrande is obliged to communicate your credit card details and personal information to the accommodation where you have reserved. (Your credit card details are deleted from the hotel extranet 7 days after the termination date of your reservation.) The credit card details provided are used solely and exclusively for the purpose of applying the terms and conditions of the reservation agreement.

As detailed in Clause 34e of the Spanish Data Protection & Personal Privacy Law 15/1999, the client gives their consent to the transfer of their personal details to the aforementioned recipients under the terms and conditions stipulated. EnGrande ensures that all personal information is treated confidentially, and that this information is stored on a secure server with the appropriate security measures prohibiting unauthorised access by 3rd parties.

You have the right to request the amendment, correction or deletion of this information by submitting a written request to: EnGrande, S.L., Travessera de Gràcia, 17-21, 7º, 08021 Barcelona, Spain. FAX: +34 93 200 4876 / 93 380 7617 E-MAIL: info@budgetplaces.com with “request personal data” as the subject of the email.

For other accommodation providers, EnGrande does not share credit card details.



Third-party advertising

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, you can visit Youronlinechoices.com.



Credit card information

We directly charge a prepayment or the full amount to your credit card according to the rate type; your credit card information is vital to guarantee your reservation. You will be required to pay the remaining amount directly to the accommodation (unless otherwise expressly indicated on the web page during the reservation process and in the confirmation e-mail or if already paid in full in advance).

Your credit card information is sent to us through a secure server. We use the most modern and secure technology available on the market which encrypts personal and credit card data. The encryption method used is "DigiCert", who have granted us SSL certification which you can verify on the web. We protect our server and our network with firewalls against unauthorised access. This way we can guarantee that it is 100% safe to send credit card data.



When do we send email messages to your email account?

You will receive a reservation confirmation email once the process has been finalised. Please print this email and present it once you arrive at your accommodation. However, for technical reasons, EnGrande cannot confirm whether email or SMS confirmations reach their intended destination. This does not affect the validity of the reservation.

We occasionally send emails for the purposes of quality control after your stay. If you are not interested in giving us your opinion, please let us know and we will not send you these emails in the future.

When you are making your reservation, you can register to receive a newsletter with special offers and other information of interest about the company. At any time you can request that we stop sending you these emails. Every email contains a link which allows you to cancel your subscription to the newsletter.

If you have any suggestions or comments on this privacy policy, or any of the conditions set out in this disclaimer, please send an email to info@budgetplaces.com.

EnGrande SL, Travessera de Gràcia, 17-21, 7º 08021 Barcelona, Spain.
CIF: B-62064845
www.engrande.com, all rights reserved.













Our site



budgetplaces.com Home



Customer service



My account



Terms & Conditions



About us



All our destinations





Partners



Hotel log in





Languages




Bahasa Melayu

Català

česky

Dansk

Deutsch

English

English (US)

Español

Français





Hrvatski

Italiano

Magyar

Nederlands

Norsk

Polski

Português

Pусский

Română





Slovenčina

Suomi

Svenska

Türkçe

Ελληνικά

български

日本語

简体中文







Hotel reviews by























Hotel log in














