

The Drawing Room, Nr Builth Wells, mid Wales Hotel Reviews












































{{ currencyOpen ? 'open' : 'closed' }}


Change Currency


European Euro

UK Pound Sterling

United States Dollar

Argentine Peso

Australian Dollar

Brazilian Real

Croatian Kuna

Czech Koruna

Danish Krone

Egyptian pound

Hong Kong Dollar

Icelandic Kronur

Indian Rupee

Indonesia Rupiahs

Malaysian Ringitt

Mexican Peso

Moroccan Dirham

Namibian Dollar

Singapore Dollar

South African Rand

Sri Lankan Rupee

Swedish Krona

Swiss Francs

Thai Baht

Tunisian Dinar

Turkish Lira

Vietnamese Dong




Places to stay



Inspire Me



With kids



Offers


Special offers

Promotions

New Hotels

Newsletter

Press




Gifts



Blog



Login








My Wish List







Your Wish List (
)

To save this list or send to a friend, please
log in
or
sign up











{{ hotel.city }}, {{ hotel.region_name }}, {{ hotel.country_name }}



REMOVE X









Search




Need help?





+44 (0) 117 946 7072



















{{ loginError }}

Username




Password




Login



Forgotten your password?

New to
i-escape
?
Sign up now


















The Drawing Room


Powys,
Wales
,
United Kingdom









Book
from

Book from £135 per night



















Overview





Details





Feedback





Location





Rates























Nights

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

28

29

30

31





Check Availability















Reviewed by

Michael Cullen





“
Outstanding gourmet cuisine, 3 small-but-perfect rooms, wild mountains on your doorstep - and it's only 3.5 hours from London
”


This is one of very few places in Britain where you can experience genuine wilderness, fine food and sumptuous sleep in one blissful day. Melanie and Colin spent years planning their perfect gourmet hideaway, rejecting France and Cornwall for this handsome Georgian stone house just north of Builth Wells. An odd spot, you might think, but there's great gastronomic pedigree in these mid-Welsh hills, and stunning mountain scenery in the Elan Valley reservoirs and Brecon Beacons.

You step off the road into a pair of cosy-but-stylish drawing rooms: plump leather armchairs, whispering log fires, Ella's soothing tones, and a warm, unpretentious welcome from Melanie in her chef's jacket. It all bodes well for a delightful dinner - which does not disappoint, from the homemade date and walnut bread to melt-in-the-mouth black beef and a sublime lemon sabayon tart. Make sure you've walked long and hard to earn it. Afterwards, smart, compact and immaculately thought out
bedrooms
cosset you with power showers, Fired Earth hues and Penhaligon ointments. Bliss.




Special offers

for i-escape guests


2 nights for 1






A little extra

for i-escape guests


afternoon tea with Bara Brith served on arrival (between 4pm and 5pm).















Highs


The cuisine alone makes the journey worth while – largely local, often organic, always cooked to the second, it has all the flavours and delicacy of a Michelin star, but none of the stuffiness
The walking around the Elan valley is among the best in the country: colourful woods, tumbling streams, fantastic birdlife, and windswept summits to blow any cobwebs away
Perfect for a romantic weekend away, or you can take the whole place for a special celebration of up to 6 guests





Lows


Two of the rooms are frankly small, but they're all extremely comfortable and well thought out, and you won't be spending much of the day in them
You're right on the road, but it is a quiet, little-used spur (a new bypass takes all the A470's through traffic)
This is a restaurant with rooms, not a hotel, so don't expect all-day reception or swathes of staff (it's just a husband and wife team)
On very rare occasions, Melanie and Colin may both be out for an hour or so in the afternoon, meaning access to your room could be limited
Dinner needs to be booked ahead, and be aware that you're expected to dine in, unless you've agreed otherwise beforehand














Best time to go




“
Summer is probably the loveliest season, though July and August can get busy with all the festivals (especially the RWAS in late July). In winter, mid Wales can be very blustery and wet, as you might expect, though there are gaps of clear, mild weather. We visited in mid November and were surprised by the remnants of autumn colour and summer warmth. The Brecon farmers market is on the 2nd Saturday of each month.
”



Our top tips




“
Bring boots and coats for walking, including mountain gear (compass, map, thermos, gloves, hat) if you intend going to the tops. At any time of year the clouds can roll in.

Canoes and bicycles can be rented locally e.g. in Hay, Glasbury, Rhayader - though you might want to bring your own cycling helmet or life jacket.
”






Great for...











Foodie










= Recommended


= Best in region



= World favourite









Restaurant with Rooms




3




Dinner and breakfast (daily)





Over 12s welcome





Open all year




Pool




Spa Treatments




WiFi




Pet Friendly




Disabled Access




Beach Nearby




Off-street Parking



Restaurants Nearby



Air Conditioning



Guest Lounge



Terrace



Garden



Gym















Rooms

There are just 3 rooms, one of them good sized and the other 2 are considerably smaller. But, like everything here, they're impeccably thought out and beautifully finished. Expect delicate Fired Earth hues, crisp white Laura Ashley bedlinen, masses of pillows, a flatscreen TV (bring your own DVDs in case of rainy days) and some gorgeous furnishings, from exuberant chandeliers to a Venetian glass dressing table. Bathrooms have underfloor heating, stacks of fluffy towels and enough Penhaligon smellies to coax the weariest limbs back to life. Overall it feels smart but not over-designed, indulgent without being fussy.

Side-facing
Oliver
is the one to go for, if it's available. Blood-red walls, a leather armchair, a vast wrought-iron sleigh bed, and a freestanding tub in the bathroom - there's plenty of material for mooching. We slept like babies on an excellent mattress with a lambswool throw over our duvet, and were not disturbed by road noise, even with the window open.

Side-facing
Phoebe
is smaller, but still manages a kingsize bed in its pale-blue and cream snugness; there's a decent sized shower room with a glass-brick window and travertine floor. It's not a place to linger during the day, but with 2 homely sitting rooms downstairs and an endless expanse of countryside outside your window, there's no reason to.

Road-facing
Otis
is the smallest, but the Venetian glass dressing table and mirrors reflect light and pale beige stencilled wallpaper keeps it bright. It's the only one with a standard sized double bed, most of which seems to be occupied with pillows. There's a short slipper bath next door, among grey-white tiles with occasional glimmers of precious metal in their glass casings.

Features include:


Central heating

Dvd player

Toiletries

Tv









Eating

This is what you come for so make sure you reserve a table in good time (it can get busy with locals). In the kitchen is a husband and wife team: Colin in the engine room, Melanie as maitre-cum-assistant chef (pastries, pastas, desserts). After fireside aperitifs, she ushers you into a kitchen
dining room
(or the private 'chef's room' for groups up to 8) where you peruse the grey menu card propped against gleaming glasses and shiny Vileroy and Boch cutlery. With 3 choices for each course (and they change daily), you may wish you had booked for an extra day or 2, just to try them all.

Our taste of
gourmet heaven
started with sculpted lattices of parmesan crisp with buds of goats' cheese mousse and a glass of Juvé and Camps Cava (crisp and bright and decent value - or there are 75 other wines to choose from!). The seafood platter (scallops, langoustine, mussels) and the salad of Cardigan Bay crabs with caviar and avocado got the taste buds going. A dinner speciality is the Welsh black beef - firm and flavoursome and a perfect texture - with a finely layered potato-onion galette and a neatly wrapped parcel of crunchy mangetout, baby sweetcorn and other veg, including chanterelles and deceivers picked by a Ludlow mushroomer. Brecon venison and mountain lamb are also local - Melanie and Colin set great store by this, as by the freshness of the ingredients - and cooked with a touch of the unusual (peppercorn and blueberry sauce, Mediterranean-style vegetables) to set them apart. Our banana and rum soufflé oozed its warm heart gratifyingly into the praline ice cream, and the sabayon tart was pure lemon and pine nuts and butter and bliss.

After that, it's no surprise to find a
breakfast
menu encompassing wild mushroom sauté with duck eggs, scrambled eggs with caviar, rhubarb and orange jam and fresh-pressed apple juice - enough to set you up for a full day's walk (you'll barely need lunch). And as for Melanie's dark date and walnut bread, well, Marie Antoinette would have given up cake for it.

Features include:


Bar

Breakfast

Organic produce

Restaurant



















Activities

Don't miss the 5 reservoirs of the Elan valley above Rhayader (20 minutes' drive), with their colourful larch and deciduous woods, tumbling streams, fantastic birdlife, and enough windswept summits to blow any city cobwebs away. It's some of the loveliest and remotest
hiking
south of the Cairngorms

Further south (30-40 minutes) are the spectacular
Brecon Beacons
, with their sharp edges, deep valleys and high-mountain feeling; and the rounder Black Mountains which surround the pretty valley and historic priory of Llanthony

Builth Wells
is a bustling market and spa town on the river Wye, where the annual Royal Welsh Agricultural Show takes place every July

There are also open-air
markets
, including a weekly at Llandrindod Wells ('Llandod'); come here in late August and you'll find everyone dressed in antique costumes as part of their annual Victorian week

Also in August is the
Brecon Jazz Festival
, spread over several indoor and outdoor venues

Hay on Wye
is famous for its bookshops (over 30 of them) and its huge literary festival in early June - where you can also buy a peerage from a 'king' wielding a toilet plunger

Melanie and Colin can arrange for you to visit some of the
local food
producers (chomp your way through Cawes Cenarth organic cheeses with homemade crackers and green bean chutney), to go mushroom picking in autumn, or to visit the water mill where they get the flour for their bread.

Good
fishing
abounds, including on the man-made lake outside Llandod; and the possibilities for mountain-biking are endless

Activities on site or nearby include:


Birdwatching

Fishing

Hiking

Horse-riding









Kids

Over 12's are welcome, but really this is a couples' place and there are no extr beds.

For more family-friendly places, see our
Kids Collection

















Our guests' ratings...

Based on
1
independent review from i-escape guests







9
/
10


Room








10
/
10


Food








10
/
10


Service








10
/
10


Value








10
/
10


Overall














{{ review.rating }}
/
10
,

{{ review.firstName }}
Anonymous
{{ review.countryName ? ', '+ review.countryName : '' }}
,




























Rates for The Drawing Room











More places to stay in Wales (7)









The Grove

Narberth, Pembrokeshire, South West Wales








manorhaus Ruthin

Denbighshire, North Wales








Felin Newydd House

Hay on Wye, Powys, UK












We're award winning

View our awards





Need help?



Many questions are already answered in our
FAQs
,
if not, email us at:
[email protected]
i-escape
.com
or call us on
+44 (0) 117 946 7072




Follow us

































Newsletter




Email Address




Subscribe




























Blog
|
About us
|
Contact Us
|
Terms & Conditions
|
Privacy & Security
|
Car Hire
|
Travel Insurance
|
Travel Operator Login






Travelling with Kids?

Would you like to see only family-friendly places while browsing our site?




Yes please

Show me the
kids
collection



No thanks

Show me the
main
collection




You can return by clicking on the
main collection
link in the top bar





Password Reset






Please enter your email address below, and we will send you a link to reset it securely.

If you need help you can email us on
[email protected]
or call us on
+44 (0) 117 946 7072



Thank you. Your password reset email has been sent. Please check your inbox now, but remember that it may take a few minutes for the email to arrive.

If you don't receive an email please check in your junk/spam folder.

If you still have a problem resetting your password or logging in you can contact us at
[email protected]
or call us on
+44 (0) 117 946 7072



Please enter a valid email address


Email


Send Password Reset Link











Join for free and get...

Exclusive deals at our favourite boutique hotels, B&Bs; and rentals
Award-winning booking service, with helpful consultants on hand
Price-match at all 1,500 properties in our portfolio
Plus, in most cases, a little extra gift when you arrive...

Already a member?
Sign in









First Name


Please enter your first name



Last Name


Please enter your last name



Email


Please enter your email



Password


Please enter your password




Send me monthly updates of i-escape's latest discoveries and offers



Join now






