

Inn at Occidental, Occidental, Sonoma, California Hotel Reviews












































{{ currencyOpen ? 'open' : 'closed' }}


Change Currency


European Euro

UK Pound Sterling

United States Dollar

Argentine Peso

Australian Dollar

Brazilian Real

Croatian Kuna

Czech Koruna

Danish Krone

Egyptian pound

Hong Kong Dollar

Icelandic Kronur

Indian Rupee

Indonesia Rupiahs

Malaysian Ringitt

Mexican Peso

Moroccan Dirham

Namibian Dollar

Singapore Dollar

South African Rand

Sri Lankan Rupee

Swedish Krona

Swiss Francs

Thai Baht

Tunisian Dinar

Turkish Lira

Vietnamese Dong




Places to stay



Inspire Me



With kids



Offers


Special offers

Promotions

New Hotels

Newsletter

Press




Gifts



Blog



Login








My Wish List







Your Wish List (
)

To save this list or send to a friend, please
log in
or
sign up











{{ hotel.city }}, {{ hotel.region_name }}, {{ hotel.country_name }}



REMOVE X









Search




Need help?





+44 (0) 117 946 7072



















{{ loginError }}

Username




Password




Login



Forgotten your password?

New to
i-escape
?
Sign up now


















Inn at Occidental


Occidental,
Napa & Sonoma
,
United States









Book
from

Book from £156 per night



















Overview





Details





Feedback





Location





Rates























Nights

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

28

29

30

31





Check Availability















Reviewed by

Nadine Mellor





“
Expect a warm welcome at this heritage inn in the heart of Sonoma County, just 90 minutes north of San Francisco
”


Sonoma County is one of our favourite places in California. We love it for its laid-back gourmet lifestyle and bucolic environs. But we had not explored Occidental before. An atmospheric autumnal journey through fog-wreathed redwoods brought us along the aptly-named Bohemian Highway into this quaint town of clapboard-cute buildings.

Occidental was founded during the logging boom of the 1870s and the Inn at Occidental dates from the town's earliest years. First a family home then a bottling company and shopfront, it is now a welcoming old-fashioned inn styled with vintage games, heirlooms and folk art. Local photographs and paintings hang throughout. The colourful living room has a big fireplace and 1870s parquet flooring; the original cellar is now the kitchen and breakfast room, which has an adjacent patio for delicious alfresco breakfasts. Read the paper on the wraparound front veranda with morning coffee; relax with a book in the English courtyard garden complete with fountain and 22 species of roses.

With 16 playfully themed
rooms and suites
, plus a 2-bedroomed self-catering
cottage
, you'll find accommodation to suit, whether for a private romantic getaway or with the whole family. Tempting though it is to curl up in front of your fireplace or soak in your spa bath, there's so much to do on the doorstep - and Jerry and his team are eager to share their wealth of insider knowledge on the delights of Wine Country.




Special offers

for i-escape guests


i-escape exclusive: 3 nights for 2






A little extra

for i-escape guests


a free bottle of wine on arrival















Highs


Cosy, convivial feel: there's an all-hours help-yourself tea and coffee station, plus plenty of books and games, and complimentary wine and cheese on offer daily at 5pm
A strategically-placed getaway: you feel off the beaten track, yet are within 15 minutes drive of the coast, wineries, gourmet restaurants, spas and gorgeous scenery for canoeing, hiking, riding or ballooning
Luxurious rooms with Frette linens, Aveda toiletries, romantic fireplaces; all but 4 have spa baths complete with rubber duckies
Winning touches include handmade quilts, four-poster beds, colourful artwork and quirky memorabilia, from vintage pinball machines to Humpty Dumpty dolls
Helpful, friendly staff led by owners Jerry and Tina, who can point you in any direction you need. There's also a useful directory in your room





Lows


Only breakfast is served, but there are several restaurants within walking distance and a wider choice within a 10-minute drive
Not for lovers of contemporary muted minimalism; the Inn is a cornucopia of objets and whimsy
Rooms and common areas are 'refreshed' over the winter months one at a time, so you could find some wear and tear in fabrics and fittings depending on when your room was last upgraded
No pool or gym facilities














Best time to go




“
Sonoma County is a year-round destination, although in truth, not at its best in the winter when the much-needed rains can fall, although the Gray Whales are best sighted in late winter. Spring and autumn are delightful - the latter features Harvest Bounty celebrations in every direction (Sonoma is big on gourmet delights, especially wine). Summer can be very busy so best to book ahead for the choice restaurants and activities.
”



Our top tips




“
Sonoma County can get crowded in the summer months so if you are able to travel later in autumn or earlier in the spring, you'll be rewarded with no crowds and better prices, and the weather is usually lovely. Book one of the rooms or suites with a spa bath for ultimate relaxation.
”






Great for...









Family











Great Outdoors











Honeymoon










Spa










Wedding










= Recommended


= Best in region



= World favourite









Boutique Inn




17




Breakfast only (+ walk to restaurants)





2 years and over welcome





Open all year




Pool




Spa Treatments




WiFi




Pet Friendly




Disabled Access




Beach Nearby




Off-street Parking



Restaurants Nearby



Air Conditioning



Guest Lounge



Terrace



Garden



Gym



Concierge Service















Rooms

The 16 themed
rooms and suites
are divided between the original dwelling (once named Heart's Desire for the brick heart on the exterior chimney) and the newer Courtyard Wing at the end of the garden.

All are decorated in keeping with their theme, and each has a beautifully stitched quilt. So the top-floor
Marbles Suite
(where we stayed) has a collection of antique marbles; across the hallway the
Ivory Room
features a collection of 19th-century Japanese ivory miniatures.

The
Quilt Room
has a former tailor's sign - a giant pair of scissors - on its wall, along with folk-art lamps and a quilt wall-hanging above the queen bed.
Tiffany
is ideal for honeymooners with a 4-poster canopy bed, double shower, private balcony and mahogany loveseat.

On the ground floor, green-walled
Leaf Umbrella
, named for a prime example of Victorian glasswork, has a canopy bed from which you hear the fountain bubbling. Further along the corridor, the
Cut Glass Suite
has a private patio with a full-sized hot tub, and is named for its collection of English 19th-century glass bottles.

The
Courtyard Rooms
are uniform in size, with private entrances and balconies, mini-fridges and two-person spa baths. Inside, they are every bit as colourful and whimsical as the themed rooms. For example,
Folk Art
has hand-cast croquet wickets above the fireplace along with a handmade Humpty-Dumpty doll.
Kitchen Cupboard
is adorned with heirloom gadgets such as a waffle iron, an electric marshmallow toaster and an oversized cheese grater.
Sonoma Lodge
has an unusual birchwood 4-poster, while fishing nets and rods hang above the spa bath.

Uniquely, all feature a
fireplace
, as well as air-conditioning, heaters and radio/CDs. Beds are comfy with down duvets and overstuffed mattresses;
bathrooms
have robes, Frette towels and Aveda toiletries. Six rooms can be made up as twins. All but four have indulgent
spa baths
, with signature yellow ducks. Televisions can be placed in all rooms on request (the Inn is fully cabled with Comcast).

For families or a group of friends wanting more privacy, the 2-bedroom
Sonoma Cottage
just along the street has a fully equipped kitchen, dining room with table for 12, and a double-height, green-walled living room with a sofabed, TV/DVD and antique musical intruments. The two king-/twin-bedded rooms, each with an ensuite shower and tub, have nautical or playful references, including a vintage pinball machine and porthole-shaped windows.

Features include:


Air conditioning

Bathrobes

Cd player

Central heating

Cots Available

Extra beds

Fireplace

Hairdryer

Phone

Radio

Terrace

Toiletries

WiFi









Eating

Breakfast
, the only meal available, is served in the basement wine cellar. The Inn prides itself on its
Sonoma Harvest breakfast
, which consists of freshly baked pastries, house-blended granola and local fruit. A daily changing hot dish is served next: perhaps pecan caramel French toast, or apple sour cream waffles, maybe lemon ricotta pancakes or smoked salmon hash with poached egg and hollandaise sauce. There's freshly ground coffee and a choice of juices too.

For other meals you'll need to head out, though a
picnic lunch basket
is available with a little notice if you want to go on a hike. Between 5 and 6 every day, complimentary
local wine and cheese
is served in the living room: a convivial occasion where guests mingle and swap stories. You can also order champagne & chocolates, or a wine and cheese platter, in-room at any time.

If you're staying in
Sonoma Cottage
, the kitchen is fully equipped for
self-catering
with a gas stove, fridge-freezer, dishwasher, coffee maker, microwave, toaster and all crockery, cutlery and pots and pans. A large selection of spices, salt, pepper, oil, coffee and tea is supplied. For groceries, the Bohemian Market offers natural foods, a wonderful deli, local veggies and everything else from wines to curry powder. Gonnella Market stocks name-brand groceries. Both of these are one block away. The
Farmer's Market
is every Friday through May-October.

The lack of a restaurant on the premises is no hardship - this is gourmand Sonoma County! Occidental is famed for its
Italian eateries
(harking back to the its origins as a sawmill worked by Italian lumberjacks), from the cheerful large servings on checked tablecloths with the obligatory candles in wine bottles at the
Union Hotel
a block away, to the family-favourite
Negri's
, which has been an institution for nearly a century.

Also within walking distance is excellent French cuisine at Zagat-rated
Bistro des Copains
, and Mexican at
El Mariachi
. A short drive away are more
good choices
: Sebastopol's
K & L Bistro
is Michelin Bib-recommended (denoting good value for under US$40/head), while an actual Michelin star was bestowed on
Applewood Inn and Restaurant
in Guerneville. 'Roadside' restaurant
zazu
towards Santa Rosa is known for its 'playful Americana' meets rustic Northern Italian;
Underwood Bar and Bistro
has a great emphasis on wine and small plates.

If you want to cast your net wider for a special treat, check out the terrific
Dry Creek Kitchen
at
Hotel Healdsburg
, or the two-Michelin starred
Cyrus
also in Healdsburg - about 25 minutes away.

Features include:


Breakfast

Picnic lunches

Restaurants nearby

Room service

Vegetarian menu



















Activities

At the Inn
: enjoy an in-room aromatherapy massage, chill out fireside in the living room or on the veranda with a good book, or simply relax by the fountain in the garden; there's yoga in Occidental itself

Wonderful Wineries
: you're close to wine country with dozens of wineries and tasting rooms (and great restaurants) to choose from. The nearest wine region - Russian River - is famed for its cool climate varietals such as Pinot Noir and Chardonnay

Beautiful Beers
: if you prefer the grain to the grape, look no further than the Barley and Hops Tavern in town, which makes full use of the craft breweries nearby and serves tasty pub grub

Canoe the Russian River
: take a leisurely 10-mile canoe trip from Forestville to Guerneville. stopping for a picnic or swim off a river beach en route. A shuttle bus takes you back upriver to be reunited with your car

Spa County
: Sonoma is renowned for its spas and well-being centres, so check one out - the Inn recommends the Japanese-themed Osmosis, which offers Enzyme Baths and massages, 5 minutes away

Coastal Capers
: Bodega Bay, where Hitchcock filmed
The Birds
, is excellent for birding, sailing and fishing trips (I saw Turnstones and Surfbirds on the cliffs when there last); there are great beaches along the Pacific coast (the nearest is about 10 miles away; we like Goat Rock Beach near Jenner); take a 3-hour boat trip to look for Gray Whales in season (Dec-March)

Aerial Adventure
: explore the delights of Sonoma county from a hot air balloon, or from a slightly lower elevation by ziplining through the redwoods - there's a canopy tour outfit in Occidental

Back to Nature
: hike or horse-ride through local redwood forests - Armstrong Woods State Park outside Guerneville is worth exploring; look out for deer and feral cats

Antiques and Art Galleries
: Petaluma and Sebastopol are both good for antiques - we bought some lovely watercolours. There are also plenty of artisanal handcrafts for sale in Occidental and further afield

Get on your Bike
: cycling is a serious hobby in the Bay Area counties, and the Inn has a '10 Great Sonoma County Rides' sheet

Get on the Green
: plenty of golf courses hereabouts - the nearest is the Northwood Golf Course in Monte Rio

Activities on site or nearby include:


Birdwatching

Boat trips

Cycling

Fishing

Golf

Hiking

Horse-riding

Hot air ballooning

Kayaking

Museums / galleries

Plantlife / flora

Private guided tours

Sailing

Shopping / markets

Well being

Whalewatching

Wildlife

Wine tasting

Yoga









Kids

Children over 2 are made very welcome at the Inn and will be very intrigued by the vintage toys and dolls which form part of the decor. But note that younger exuberant kids and the extensive knick-knacks and antiques may not be an ideal match. Children under 2 are accepted in special circumstances and only if the Cottage and Tiffany are available. There are heaps of activities in the area for families to enjoy including beachcombing, fishing, canoeing the Russian River, and ziplining.

Best for:

Children (4-12 years), Teens (over 12)

Family friendly accommodation:

Families are usually placed in the 2-bedroomed Sonoma Cottage, which can accommodate 6 as it has a double sofabed. The Marbles Suite also has a sofabed. Tiffany and Sandwich Glass can also host a third person on a rollaway bed.


Kids Activities nearby:

The 400-acre wildlife sanctuary, Safari West in Santa Rosa, about 30 minutes' drive, is a great day out for families. Visits are by appointment only: you are driven by the park's naturalists through herds of African native animals.


For more family-friendly places, see our
Kids Collection

















Our guests' ratings...

Based on
1
independent review from i-escape guests







10
/
10


Room








10
/
10


Service








10
/
10


Value








10
/
10


Overall











Great place, great host. Great base for all Sonoma Valley has to offer.





10
/
10
,



RENATA

, United States
, September 2014













{{ review.rating }}
/
10
,

{{ review.firstName }}
Anonymous
{{ review.countryName ? ', '+ review.countryName : '' }}
,




























Rates for Inn at Occidental











More places to stay in Napa & Sonoma (2)









Hotel Healdsburg

Healdsburg, California, USA








h2hotel

Healdsburg, California












We're award winning

View our awards





Need help?



Many questions are already answered in our
FAQs
,
if not, email us at:
[email protected]
i-escape
.com
or call us on
+44 (0) 117 946 7072




Follow us

































Newsletter




Email Address




Subscribe




























Blog
|
About us
|
Contact Us
|
Terms & Conditions
|
Privacy & Security
|
Car Hire
|
Travel Insurance
|
Travel Operator Login






Travelling with Kids?

Would you like to see only family-friendly places while browsing our site?




Yes please

Show me the
kids
collection



No thanks

Show me the
main
collection




You can return by clicking on the
main collection
link in the top bar





Password Reset






Please enter your email address below, and we will send you a link to reset it securely.

If you need help you can email us on
[email protected]
or call us on
+44 (0) 117 946 7072



Thank you. Your password reset email has been sent. Please check your inbox now, but remember that it may take a few minutes for the email to arrive.

If you don't receive an email please check in your junk/spam folder.

If you still have a problem resetting your password or logging in you can contact us at
[email protected]
or call us on
+44 (0) 117 946 7072



Please enter a valid email address


Email


Send Password Reset Link











Join for free and get...

Exclusive deals at our favourite boutique hotels, B&Bs; and rentals
Award-winning booking service, with helpful consultants on hand
Price-match at all 1,500 properties in our portfolio
Plus, in most cases, a little extra gift when you arrive...

Already a member?
Sign in









First Name


Please enter your first name



Last Name


Please enter your last name



Email


Please enter your email



Password


Please enter your password




Send me monthly updates of i-escape's latest discoveries and offers



Join now






