
About Mr & Mrs Smith




































Menu













Call us 24/7 on

+44 20 8338 7753




















Join the Club



Sign in



+44 20 8338 7753


My wishlists



Basket











Hotels

Villas

Exclusives

Honeymoons

Inspiration

Destinations

Family

Gift Cards










Search
Check-in
Check-out
Search











The travel club for hotel lovers

What's in a name?
















Who we are



What our members say



What the press says



What makes a Smith hotel?



Why book with us?



Best-price guarantee



Our reviewers



Who we support



FAQs



Jobs



Contact us






Mr & Mrs Smith began life in 2003 with two adventurous hotel lovers (our real-life Mr and Mrs:
James and Tamara Lohan
) and has evolved into a global travel club with a million like-minded members in more than 100 countries.

Every club has a purpose. Ours is to knock your socks off, with help from the world’s best bedrooms. We don’t want this to be a one-night stand or a quick fling; we’re in it for the long-haul.

Our carefully curated collection includes hotels in the sky (if you’ve never woken up in a treehouse, we can change that), hotels in caves, hotels above water, hotels underwater (well, partially), hotels a million miles away, hotels a short ride away, hotels where money is no object… All that, plus a host of idyllic villas and an ever-changing menu of tailor-made trips, too.

It’s no accident that the collection is so special. Every hotel is visited by our team and anonymously reviewed by a diverse bunch of trusted tastemakers, including Lauren Laverne, Raymond Blanc, Olivia von Halle, Tom Dixon, Pandora Sykes, Tom Aikens, Stella McCartney, and Dita Von Teese, to name a few. Entry to the collection is by invitation only; money can’t buy our love (unlike some of our competitors).

We listen closely to our members, too. Even the best hotels have off nights – but if that coincides with your stay, we’ll work out what went wrong, so it doesn’t happen twice. If the problem really can’t be solved, we’ll regretfully part ways with the hotel in question. Our collection constantly evolves, based on members’ feedback (plus our own regular hotel check-ups). We’re not perfect but we’ll always strive to be.

In order to keep doing what we do best we’ve recruited more than 50 experts in London, Ibiza, New York, Los Angeles and Singapore. Smith24, our crack squad of in-house travel specialists, knows the collection back to front, thanks to frequent visits. When they’re not busy bed-hopping, they work around the clock, offering 24/7 customer service and booking support, both on the phone and online.

Join us...

Joining the club doesn’t cost you a penny – it’s up to you how you use us. BlackSmith membership is totally free, giving you access to year-round hotel offers, on-trend travel inspiration and our expert travel specialists. However, if you really like the look of us, you’ll get a lot more from us with annual SilverSmith or GoldSmith membership; GoldSmiths also get to call upon our nothing-is-impossible, in-house concierge (run by a team that’s as well-connected as it is well-travelled).

We’re not as big as some of our competitors, but we aim to be the best. As our guest, you’ll be treated to a Smith Extra at every hotel you book with us: a bottle of local wine, a spa treatment, a free activity, a little memento…. Throughout the year, we spoil our members with regular
Smith Exclusives
: blink-and-you’ll-miss-them offers and experiences, just for our members – early-bird summer-holiday discounts, a
city stay with SideStory
, foraging-and-cookery courses in the South of France...

Last, but definitely not least, we won't charge you anymore than if you booked direct...

Our tastes may sometimes be expensive, but our rates aren’t. Our
best-price guarantee
means that if you find a stay with us, then see it cheaper somewhere else, we’ll match that rate and give you a £50 Smith voucher (or local equivalent) to say sorry.

The last decade has whizzed by. We’ve had a lot of fun: publishing hotel guidebooks, producing CDs and gift cards, throwing parties and launching the
Mr & Mrs Smith Hotel Awards
. We want to keep on putting the world at your feet. Our one request? That you continue to book with us, so that we can continue to send you on trips you’ll treasure.

After all, it’s your travel club – as well as ours.



























About us


Who we are

Why book with us?

Best-price guarantee

Our reviewers

Contact us






Boutique hotel collections


Beach hotels

Spa hotels

City break hotels

Honeymoon hotels

Child-friendly hotels

Hotels with swimming pools

Boutique B&Bs






Our top countries


United Kingdom

Morocco

Spain

Italy

France

Portugal

Greece






Top destinations


Barcelona

London

Paris

Rome

New York

Santorini

Marrakech






About

Legal

Smith Travel Blog

Luxury villas

Partners

All our hotels


©
Smith Global Ltd – Boutique and luxury hotels and villas


















