
Paris, France - Boutique & Luxury Hotels - Mr & Mrs Smith






































Menu













Call us 24/7 on

+44 20 8338 7753




















Join the Club



Sign in



+44 20 8338 7753


My wishlists



Basket











Hotels

Villas

Exclusives

Honeymoons

Inspiration

Destinations

Family

Gift Cards










Search
Check-in
Check-out
Search







17 Hotels
0 Villas
Explore



Paris
, France

From the top of Montmartre to the tip of the Eiffel Tower, in the Louvre or on the Left Bank, Paris is stylish to its bones: not merely cool and chic, but seriously creative. Between its Gothic cathedrals and grand avenues are flashes of futuristic bravura: the Pompidou Centre and L’Institut du Monde Arabe, proving the revolutionary spirit is alive and relevant. It’s the layers of old and new, privilege and punk, that give Paris its ageless verve – the 8ème and 16ème arrondissements are tops for couture-clad swanking; diehard romantics will always have Montmartre (trendier than ever, these days); and Montorgueil is the up-and-coming area to watch.














Nell Hotel & Suites

Paris
,
France






View hotel













Hôtel Daniel

Paris
,
France






View hotel













Saint James Paris

Paris
,
France






View hotel






See All Hotels











Recommended offers

See our boutique hotel deals










La Réserve Hotel and Spa Paris


Paris
,
France






Enjoy a Feel-Good Spa - €100 spa credit and breakfast included




Book now













Grand Pigalle Hotel


Paris
,
France






Smith Exclusive: 20% off




Sign in













L'Hôtel


Paris
,
France






Smith Exclusive: 25% off two nights or more




Sign in











Areas in Paris


10eme arrondissement

16eme arrondissement

18eme arrondissement

3eme arrondissement

6eme arrondissement

8eme arrondissement

9eme arrondissement

Beaubourg

Canal Saint-Martin

Central Paris

Champs Elysees

Haut-Marais

Latin Quarter

Marais

Montmartre

North Paris

Rive Gauche

Saint-Germain

West Paris





When to go

Paris shuts down (and relaxes) in August, a national holiday. Go in spring, when the blossom’s out, or autumn, not least for Nuit Blanche, an all-night culturefest.





Follow us on Instagram

See the world through @smithhotels


















view on instagram








Best-price guarantee

Found your stay cheaper elsewhere? We’ll
match the price

and
give you a £50 voucher.






Smith Extra on arrival

Enjoy extras such as a picnic lunch, champagne or spa treatments,
on the house





Smith24

Here for you 24/7
+44 20 8338 7753








From the blog

Tales from our travels











5 cities that thrill on Halloween and beyond














The ‘moi’ generation: a millennial’s guide to Paris










Getting there




Planes
BMI Baby (www.bmibaby.com) |  British Airways (www.ba.com) |  Air France (www.airfrance.com) and EasyJet (www.easyjet.com) fly to Paris Charles de Gaulle airport from the UK. Most major French regionals have flights into Paris Orly (www.airfrance.com). A taxi from Charles de Gaulle international airport to the centre costs about €50; buses and trains run regularly into town at a fraction of the cost. RER/TGV trains run from CDG to Gare du Nord every 15 minutes from 5.30am to 10.30pm |  and take 35 minutes.


Trains
There are six main stations in Paris, all of which are central and link to the fantastic Métro underground system (www.ratp.fr). Eurostar is by far the best way to travel there from London: trains from Kings Cross St Pancras (and mainland Europe) arrive into Gare du Nord. From the Mediterranean coast, TGV services connect via Marseille or Perpignan and, in the west, Biarritz and Bordeaux (www.tgv.com).


Automobiles
You’re better off without one. Many hotels charge for parking, and why risk the passion-killing traffic? Determined drivers need to steel themselves for the infamous périphérique ring road.

Taxis
Can be hailed in the street if you’re more than 100 metres from a rank (these are all over Paris and have phones if no taxi is waiting).










Végétale suite at Hotel Particulier Montmartre, Paris, France



Housed in a hidden garden on the Montmartre hillside, Hotel Particulier is an unexpected bubble of tranquillity in one of Paris’ most thrill-a-minute districts. Visually speaking, it’s a treat, littered with icons of design (chairs by Arne Jacobsen and Mies van der Rohe and their ilk), and inspired by artists of all media. What really makes this hotel stand out, however, are its bedrooms. The owners recruited five contemporary artists to imbue each suite with their signature styles. The walls of Martine Aballéa’s ‘Végétale’ Junior Suite are papered to resemble a light-dappled forest canopy – it’s like sleeping in a Monet.


Find out more about Hotel Particulier Montmartre










Paris



When it comes to street scoffing, Parisian’s have deemed the baguette démodé, in favour of, well, the humble burger. Gauche, perhaps? Mais oui; however, the Gallic take on McDonalds is typically chic.


What’s cooking?
Sizzling wagyu patties, bubbling gruyère and Tomme de Savoie, and authentic French fries.


Don't miss

•
Le Camion qui Fume
,
Paris New York
and
Big Fernand
’s
atelier
take on a burger joint makes their queues almost worthwhile. Find speedier meaty succulence with blackened red peppers and
bleu
cheese toppings at
Cantine California
on Marché St Honoré.
• It 's a long way from the Yorkshire Dales, but Paris is barmy about Ginger Pig's short-horn cattle and Tamworth pigs – well, eating them anyway. Takeaway
Frenchie To Go
insouciantly slaps its bacon and brisket between
pain
, resulting in an effortlessly on-trend snack.
•  Burgers not your bag? Quai d'Austerlitz’s Wanderlust performance space hosts three-day feast
Super Barquette
, one of Paris’s trendiest food-truck love ins.
Alix LaCloche
’s feather-light fried chicken and
Fricote
’s Bahn Khot are stand-out eats.


Stay
at
S
aint James Paris
to swap kerbside munching for Michelin-starred cuisine come nightfall.














Madame de Stael room at La Belle Juliette, Paris, France



Life is like a box of Ladurée macaroons – if you’re staying at La Belle Juliette, that is. Rooms are styled with sugar-sweet shades – strawberry and raspberry, cherry-red and violet; and deeper darts of blackcurrant, chocolate and liquorice. The end result is as feminine and romantic as roses wrapped in ribbon. In the Madame de Stael room (a Deluxe Romantic Room), the hotel’s bright colour palette is softly subdued with intricate stucco-work, and guests are treated to amour-boosting chocolates, a glass of champagne each, rose petals and a bath bomb.


Find out more about La Belle Juliette










Virginie Basselot



Where
The Restaurant, Saint James Paris

Cuisine
Modern French

What's the inspiration for your cooking?
I was born in Normandy and love to cook products of the sea – always fresh and in season.

Favourite ingredient right now?
Coriander flowers.

Best breakfast?
Breakfast at the Crillon hotel with chef Jean Francois Piège, especially a coddled egg with spinach and a Parmesan cheese emulsion.

Where do you like to eat out?
I love to have diner in small Parisian bistrots belonging to friends.

More about Saint James Paris






























About us


Who we are

Why book with us?

Best-price guarantee

Our reviewers

Contact us






Smith destination collections


Easter break hotels

Marrakech Riads

Beach destinations

City breaks

Honeymoon destinations

Wine destinations

Dive destinations

Eurostar destinations






Our top countries


United Kingdom

Morocco

Spain

Italy

France

Portugal

Greece






Top destinations


Barcelona

London

Paris

Rome

New York

The Cotswolds

Marrakech






About

Legal

Contact us

Partners


©
Smith Global Ltd – Boutique and luxury hotels and villas


















