
London, United Kingdom - Boutique & Luxury Hotels - Mr & Mrs Smith






































Menu













Call us 24/7 on

+44 20 8338 7753




















Join the Club



Sign in



+44 20 8338 7753


My wishlists



Basket











Hotels

Villas

Exclusives

Honeymoons

Inspiration

Destinations

Family

Gift Cards










Search
Check-in
Check-out
Search







39 Hotels
0 Villas
Explore



London
, United Kingdom

From the revived East End to the swish haunts of Notting Hill, London accessorises its heritage beauty with couldn’t-give-a-damn street cred. This feisty lady is effortlessly cool: glorious parks and historic squares, monuments galore, museums piled with colonial swag, galleries where art soothes or surprises, and stages attracting theatre’s hottest talent. A multi-ethnic English eccentric, the British capital lets you eat and shop your way around the globe, sending you home sated and satisfied. The Routemaster buses, King’s Road punks and Carnaby Street swingers may be long gone, but this shoppers’ Valhalla has reinvented itself as a modern metropolis. And, while architectural icons the Gherkin, the London Eye and Wembley Stadium provide a skyline for the new renaissance.














The Grazing Goat

London
,
United Kingdom






View hotel













The Orange

London
,
United Kingdom






View hotel













The London Edition

London
,
United Kingdom






View hotel






See All Hotels











Recommended offers

See our boutique hotel deals










The Pilgrm


London
,
United Kingdom






Smith Exclusive: 10% off




Sign in













The Franklin


London
,
United Kingdom






Stay 3, Pay 2




Book now













The Ampersand Hotel


London
,
United Kingdom






Prepaid rate: 20% off




Book now











Areas in London


Central London

East London

West London





When to go

London empties out in August, but tourist sites still get crowded. Spring and summer can be lovely, even if the weather is reliably unreliable.





Follow us on Instagram

See the world through @smithhotels


















view on instagram








Best-price guarantee

Found your stay cheaper elsewhere? We’ll
match the price

and
give you a £50 voucher.






Smith Extra on arrival

Enjoy extras such as a picnic lunch, champagne or spa treatments,
on the house





Smith24

Here for you 24/7
+44 20 8338 7753








From the blog

Tales from our travels











Igloos, gin and naughty elves: London’s best alternative Christmas events














Game of scones: how to make Claridge’s teatime staple










Getting there




Planes
London has several international airports: Heathrow to the west is on the Piccadilly Line or 15 minutes from Paddington on the Heathrow Express train (www.heathrowexpress.com; tickets are cheaper if booked online). Gatwick to the south is 30 minutes from Victoria via the Gatwick Express (www.gatwickexpress.com). Stansted to the east and Luton to the north are where most of the budget carriers land. There are trains to Liverpool Street four times an hour from Stansted and a regular rail service to King’s Cross from Luton. City Airport in Docklands is dominated by European business flights and is on the DLR line.


Boats
There are commuter and leisure boats all along the river: the main service runs from Putney with regular stop-offs all the way to Greenwich Pier. See www.tfl.gov.uk/river for timetables and routes.


Trains
International trains arrive at St Pancras (www.stpancras.com), which has good links via the Underground. The Tube network will be your saviour, taking you anywhere you need to go (www.tfl.gov.uk/tube); your best bet is to use your chip-and-pin card to touch in and out, or to buy an Oyster card from any station for reduced-price journeys (valid on buses too) across the capital.


Automobiles
On weekdays from 7am to 6pm there’s a daily Congestion Charge (£11.50 if paid on or before the day you're travelling; £14 if paid the following day) payable to drive into and around central London (www.cclondon.com); parking is easy but pricey. Beware overzealous traffic officials.

Taxis
You can hail one of London’s trademark metered hackney cabs anywhere, or download and book using the Gett app (http://gett.com/uk) and a black cab will arrive to whisk you from A to B for a pre-arranged fare. Avoid unlicensed minicabs.










London



This melting pot’s most appetite-arousing scents drift from its markets, which offer a soapbox for enthusiastic artisans to grandstand about farms their favourite meat and veg hail from.

What's cooking?
Pulled pork, sliders, bratwurst and brisket: the London urban food scene is in the throes of carnephilia. Right now, if it ain't meat, it ain't street.


Don't miss

• Step aside Borough Market – London's serious epicureans make a beeline for
Ropewalk
on Maltby Street on Saturdays. Salt-beef on rye from
Monty's Deli
is de rigueur.
• Wannabe patty-flippers may as well give up –
Lucky Chip
have pioneered the 'dirty burger'. Pick up a bunful of juicy deliciousness at the
Sebright Arms
off Hackney Road or from a secret Dalston pop-up opening soon (check Twitter for clues).
• We've achieved gladiator-level crowd skirting, bagging a whole sea bass from Portobello Market's Moroccan Fish Stall, but those who prefer their west a little less wild seek out
Well-Kneaded Wagon
's firebreads at
Battersea Food Market
(every Saturday), or Acton supper club
Momma Goose
's Dr Pepper ribs with mac 'n' cheese – BYOB, or two…


Stay at

Town Hall Hotel & Apartments
to take advantage of the scintillating East End street-food scene.











The Cardinal Suite at Blakes Hotel, London



The UK’s original boutique hotel (and where the real-life Mr and Mrs Smith spent the first night of their honeymoon), Blakes is a decadent, Orient-inspired oasis in the heart of South Kensington. Designed with exotic exuberance by Anouska Hempel, each room takes its interiors inspiration from a different land – a tour-by-decor of Turkey, Russia, India and more. Room 109, the Cardinal Suite, is the most shamelessly romantic: with heavy, textured fabrics, floral artwork and the kind of ornate, crimson-draped four-poster that makes you reach for the smelling salts, it’s an essay in decorative decadence.


Find out more about Blakes Hotel










Get all shook up in London



Stay at
The Kensington Hotel London
, where the Aubrey Restaurant's chef Russell Ford serves up appetite-kerbing Anglicised fare. Book here and you'll get a gratis gourmet cocktail-making class as your Smith extra.

Teal-hued velvet sofas, wood-panelled walls and mirrored countertops bestow a sophisticated, retro
Mad Men
-style air to the Aubrey Bar, so it's the ideal spot for some amateur mixology. When your cases have been whisked away and you've settled in to the jewel-box bar, you're armed with several glasses, petite bottles of spirits, quartered fruit and an array of metal whatsits and doohickeys that wouldn't look out of place in an operating theatre – albeit a lax one. Galvin Cup-holding cocktail maestro Alessandro Pizzoli gently guides you through addling techniques, spirit densities and the surprisingly complex choreography behind the all-important shake, diplomatically ignoring any spills or shakes along the way. You can choose to make a minty mojito, a passion-fruit-flavoured Truly Madly Deeply, a grown-up Campari-spiked Americano or a classic dry martini; you may not be able to pull off Tom Cruise's
Cocktail
spectacles – or his flowery attire – by the end of your session, but you'll have something decadent to drink that you'll be justly proud of.































About us


Who we are

Why book with us?

Best-price guarantee

Our reviewers

Contact us






Smith destination collections


Easter break hotels

Marrakech Riads

Beach destinations

City breaks

Honeymoon destinations

Wine destinations

Dive destinations

Eurostar destinations






Our top countries


United Kingdom

Morocco

Spain

Italy

France

Portugal

Greece






Top destinations


Barcelona

London

Paris

Rome

New York

The Cotswolds

Marrakech






About

Legal

Contact us

Partners


©
Smith Global Ltd – Boutique and luxury hotels and villas


















