
Rome, Italy - Boutique & Luxury Hotels - Mr & Mrs Smith






































Menu













Call us 24/7 on

+44 20 8338 7753




















Join the Club



Sign in



+44 20 8338 7753


My wishlists



Basket











Hotels

Villas

Exclusives

Honeymoons

Inspiration

Destinations

Family

Gift Cards










Search
Check-in
Check-out
Search







14 Hotels
0 Villas
Explore



Rome
, Italy

Parts of the city are perfectly mediaeval; Renaissance and Baroque buildings soar skyward, and breathtaking sculpture sits on every corner. With the Vatican in town, Easter and Christmas are highlights on Rome’s calendar, but pilgrims of an artistic persuasion flock to the tiny city state all year to adore Raphael and Michelangelo’s Sistine Chapel frescoes. Rome is also about the art of life – food, fashion and fun are enjoyed with religious zeal in this most sensual of capitals. Live
la dolce vita
as the locals do: colonise a café in the Campo de’ Fiori; linger longer over rustic pasta in a traditional trattoria; let your feet wander and your eyes roam.
And, if it's in-depth exploring you're after:
See our Italian itineraries














G Rough

Rome
,
Italy






View hotel













La Scelta di Goethe

Rome
,
Italy






View hotel













DOM Hotel

Rome
,
Italy






View hotel






See All Hotels











Recommended offers

See our boutique hotel deals










G Rough


Rome
,
Italy






Smith Exclusive: 20% off two-night stays




Sign in













JK Place Roma


Rome
,
Italy






Early booking offer: 10% off - Daily breakfast included




Book now













Crossing Condotti


Rome
,
Italy






Early Booking




Book now











Areas in Rome


Central Rome

North Central Rome





When to go

In summer, the city gets sweaty; you may prefer spring or autumn, but winter is the quietest. Any time of year, one of the pleasures of a visit to the Eternal City is to simply dive off the busy tourist routes and explore its countless lesser-known treasures at random. Rome’s museums are often surprisingly uncrowded.





Follow us on Instagram

See the world through @smithhotels








view on instagram








Best-price guarantee

Found your stay cheaper elsewhere? We’ll
match the price

and
give you a £50 voucher.






Smith Extra on arrival

Enjoy extras such as a picnic lunch, champagne or spa treatments,
on the house





Smith24

Here for you 24/7
+44 20 8338 7753








From the blog

Tales from our travels











Where to shop in Rome














Travel tales: whale-watching in Cabo, desserts in the desert, and a Roman holiday










Getting there




Planes
Rome is served by two airports: Fiumicino and Ciampino (www.adr.it). A cab from Fiumicino into the city will set you back €60 (it should be less on the way back from Rome though). From Ciampino, the 15km taxi ride to the city centre costs €30; a public bus departs for Anagnina metro station at least once an hour (30 minutes from central Rome) for a couple of euros.


Trains
Stazione Termini is the main station, providing express connections (www.trenitalia.it) to other Italian cities, including Florence. The Leonardo Express to Fiumicino airport departs every half an hour and takes 35 minutes and costs around €10.


Automobiles
Driving in Rome is not for the nervous, and unless you want to venture further, a car will be more of a pain than a pleasure. You can park in blue zones for €1 an hour; the daily rate for carparks is around €25. Cars with foreign plates are not allowed in the historical centre.

Taxis
You can hail them everywhere, and taxi ranks display numbers to call. Avoid the many unofficial and unlicensed taxis, especially for airport rides – if in doubt, ask your hotel to arrange transport.










JK Place Roma



Hotel
Wrao up your artistic jaunt with four nights in Rome, at the city's former school of architecture, now transformed by designer Michele Bönan's expert hand into the stylish JK Place Roma boutique hotel. That the city's most famous sights – including the Trevi Fountain, Spanish Steps, Pantheon and Villa Borghese – are all within throwing distance is just an added bonus.

Worth getting out of bed for
– Take a private tour of the Vatican and its art collection
– Zoom around town in a Fiat 500 on a guided tour
– Visit the Galleria Borghese, in the Villa Borghese gardens


Learn more about JK Place Roma










GO BACK IN TIME



Like a side of history with your summer sunshine? Italy's portions are generous. Get an education in Renaissance art by strolling round Florence's glorious galleries, then skip forward a few centuries at fashionable Fifties-fitted retreat,
Portrait Firenze
. Gaze at the Colosseum over red snapper steak at
Hotel Palazzo
's rooftop restaurant. Explore the recently restored
Villa dei Misteri
and the rest of Pompeii's ruins from an Amalfi Coast base like the artsy
Capo la Gala
. And if you're all Roman-ed out, southern Spain's colourful past has left a trove of treasures to explore. Staying in an 18th-century marble-columned palace like Seville's
Palacio de Villapanés
should get you in the mood.


Find more historic hideaways










Deluxe Studio (Room 2) at Portrait Suites, Rome, Italy



One for the shoe fetishists (not like that), Portrait Suites is part of the Ferragamo empire (it’s even situated above the flagship store), and the effortlessly stylish interiors showcase sketches of his shoes and portaits of old-school Hollywood glamour girls. The hotel itself occupies an elegant building a boutique-bag-laden stroll from the Spanish Steps and the fashion thoroughfares of Vias Condotti, Borgognona and Frattina. The Deluxe Studio – Room 2 – is a contender for the title of Rome’s most glamorous, and features some of that famous Ferragamo attention to detail: handmade leather finishes and oriental woods. And, for the height of romance, head up to the rooftop terrace for swoon-inducing views of the Eternal City.


Find out more about Portrait Suites






























About us


Who we are

Why book with us?

Best-price guarantee

Our reviewers

Contact us






Smith destination collections


Easter break hotels

Marrakech Riads

Beach destinations

City breaks

Honeymoon destinations

Wine destinations

Dive destinations

Eurostar destinations






Our top countries


United Kingdom

Morocco

Spain

Italy

France

Portugal

Greece






Top destinations


Barcelona

London

Paris

Rome

New York

The Cotswolds

Marrakech






About

Legal

Contact us

Partners


©
Smith Global Ltd – Boutique and luxury hotels and villas


















