
United Kingdom - Boutique Luxury Hotels & Villas - Mr & Mrs Smith





































Menu













Call us 24/7 on

+44 20 8338 7753




















Join the Club



Sign in



+44 20 8338 7753


My wishlists



Basket











Hotels

Villas

Exclusives

Honeymoons

Inspiration

Destinations

Family

Gift Cards










Search
Check-in
Check-out
Search







133 Hotels
10 Villas
Explore



United Kingdom

Luxury villas in the Cotswolds, rustic Lake District retreats and boutique hotels in London: we’ve scoured the United Kingdom for the best holiday spots in Britain. Pick Gloucestershire for acres of manicured farmland, Oxford and Cambridge for iconic, pale-stone spires and Grasmere for evergreen forests and enormous, dark lakes. If you’re more of a city slicker than a country mouse, the capital’s cultural treasures, vaunted cuisine and vibrant nightlife beckon.







Destinations in United Kingdom








England





128 hotels

10 villas



Teeming with swish foodie haunts, grand museums and lashings of street style, London’s the brazenly cool kick-off point for many an English frolic. Make for evergreen hills, rugged coasts, cosy country pubs and flourishing cities: England packs it all in.








England outside London





83 hotels

1 villa



London is endlessly intriguing, but there’s much to discover beyond the Watford Gap. Vibrant industrial cities in the north, the ever-charming Cotswolds, Cornwall’s colour-changing coast… Unlike Johnson, if you're tired of London, take a little break.








Scotland





3 hotels



There’s a nip of ancient rivalry north of the border. Whether you favour Edinburgh’s cobbled wynds or Glasgow’s merchant streets, you’ll fall head over heels for the Highlands, a wild landscape of white-sand coves, tranquil lochs and snow-capped bens.








Wales





5 hotels



Stretching from gorse-covered mountains to breezy bays, verdant Wales snakes around the Brecon Beacons and Snowdonia, peppered with spa towns and protected beaches. In-the-know weekenders flock west for unspoilt surf spots, gastro perks and retro charm.













Recommended offers

See our boutique hotel deals










Cliveden


Berkshire
,
United Kingdom






Three nights for the price of two




Book now













The Fish Hotel


Cotswolds
,
United Kingdom






Three nights for the price of two




Book now













The Pilgrm


London
,
United Kingdom






Smith Exclusive: 10% off




Sign in













Best-price guarantee

Found your stay cheaper elsewhere? We’ll
match the price

and
give you a £50 voucher.






Smith Extra on arrival

Enjoy extras such as a picnic lunch, champagne or spa treatments,
on the house





Smith24

Here for you 24/7
+44 20 8338 7753








Follow us on Instagram

See the world through @smithhotels


















view on instagram







From the blog

Tales from our travels











Igloos, gin and naughty elves: London’s best alternative Christmas events














Bar talk with Zoë Zimmer















London



This melting pot’s most appetite-arousing scents drift from its markets, which offer a soapbox for enthusiastic artisans to grandstand about farms their favourite meat and veg hail from.

What's cooking?
Pulled pork, sliders, bratwurst and brisket: the London urban food scene is in the throes of carnephilia. Right now, if it ain't meat, it ain't street.


Don't miss

• Step aside Borough Market – London's serious epicureans make a beeline for
Ropewalk
on Maltby Street on Saturdays. Salt-beef on rye from
Monty's Deli
is de rigueur.
• Wannabe patty-flippers may as well give up –
Lucky Chip
have pioneered the 'dirty burger'. Pick up a bunful of juicy deliciousness at the
Sebright Arms
off Hackney Road or from a secret Dalston pop-up opening soon (check Twitter for clues).
• We've achieved gladiator-level crowd skirting, bagging a whole sea bass from Portobello Market's Moroccan Fish Stall, but those who prefer their west a little less wild seek out
Well-Kneaded Wagon
's firebreads at
Battersea Food Market
(every Saturday), or Acton supper club
Momma Goose
's Dr Pepper ribs with mac 'n' cheese – BYOB, or two…


Stay at

Town Hall Hotel & Apartments
to take advantage of the scintillating East End street-food scene.











Go fishing in Cornwall



Stay at
Idle Rocks
– classically Cornish throughout, with seaside-inspired deco and right by the water’s edge: this is the place to awaken your inner angler.

St Mawes is full of picture-postcard fishing boats bobbing up and down in the harbour, but instead of Instagramming them from the window of your nautical nest, why not pack yourself a pasty and head into open water on one? As well as hosting the occasional wow-worthy encounter with dolphins, whales and basking sharks, these waters are home to mackerel, monkfish, octopus, crab and other sustainable species for you to pit your fisherman’s wit against.
Fish & Trips
run regular excursions and charters from the port, for all ages and abilities and with all the necessary kit thrown in. Amiable skipper James Brown (he’s a fishin’ machine) will have you feeling like a pro in no time, and if you’re successful – and nice to the chef on your return – you can tuck in to your take for tea.











Get all shook up in London



Stay at
The Kensington Hotel London
, where the Aubrey Restaurant's chef Russell Ford serves up appetite-kerbing Anglicised fare. Book here and you'll get a gratis gourmet cocktail-making class as your Smith extra.

Teal-hued velvet sofas, wood-panelled walls and mirrored countertops bestow a sophisticated, retro
Mad Men
-style air to the Aubrey Bar, so it's the ideal spot for some amateur mixology. When your cases have been whisked away and you've settled in to the jewel-box bar, you're armed with several glasses, petite bottles of spirits, quartered fruit and an array of metal whatsits and doohickeys that wouldn't look out of place in an operating theatre – albeit a lax one. Galvin Cup-holding cocktail maestro Alessandro Pizzoli gently guides you through addling techniques, spirit densities and the surprisingly complex choreography behind the all-important shake, diplomatically ignoring any spills or shakes along the way. You can choose to make a minty mojito, a passion-fruit-flavoured Truly Madly Deeply, a grown-up Campari-spiked Americano or a classic dry martini; you may not be able to pull off Tom Cruise's
Cocktail
spectacles – or his flowery attire – by the end of your session, but you'll have something decadent to drink that you'll be justly proud of.











Forage in the New Forest



Stay at
The Pig
– Hampshire's prize-winning hog of a hotel is an epicurean evangelist where the chef relies on his forager and kitchen gardener more than his stove-side companions and guests are encouraged to take part in daily harvests.

The bushes heave with berries, mushrooms line the grounds and fruits hang from the trees – these forests are fertile foraging grounds. An experience with the Pig's forager-at-large is part walk, part education and part wild snack-sourcing. If you've never done more than pluck the occasional blackberry you'll appreciate the expert guidance; many flavour-packed herbs and vegetables are easily missed by an untrained eye, and there are some deadly fungi to beware of. Autumn is the time for nuts and preserve-perfect fruits, with spring serving up salad specialties and unusual veg. Take the short hop to the Solent coast and you can add seaweed and shellfish to your bounty, too.


























About us


Who we are

Why book with us?

Best-price guarantee

Our reviewers

Contact us






Smith destination collections


Easter break hotels

Marrakech Riads

Beach destinations

City breaks

Honeymoon destinations

Wine destinations

Dive destinations

Eurostar destinations






Our top countries


United Kingdom

Morocco

Spain

Italy

France

Portugal

Greece






Top destinations


Barcelona

London

Paris

Rome

New York

The Cotswolds

Marrakech






About

Legal

Contact us

Partners


©
Smith Global Ltd – Boutique and luxury hotels and villas



















