
Sanara Tulum hotel - Riviera Maya - Quintana Roo - Mr & Mrs Smith














































Menu













Call us 24/7 on

+44 20 8338 7753




















Join the Club



Sign in



+44 20 8338 7753


My wishlists



Basket











Hotels

Villas

Exclusives

Honeymoons

Inspiration

Destinations

Family

Gift Cards










Search
Check-in
Check-out
Search














Riviera Maya
,
Mexico

Sanara Tulum




Rates from
(
inc
tax)
CHF442.81
Price information
If you haven’t entered any dates, the rate shown is provided directly by the hotel and represents the cheapest double room (including tax) available in the next 21 days.
Prices have been converted from the hotel’s local currency (USD446.25), via openexchangerates.org, using today’s exchange rate.





Photos









Overview




Photos



Location



Reviews



Get a room









Style
Barefoot Maya minimalism

Setting
Mod cons meet ancient ruins



Dreaming of a jungle-meets-beach Mexican hideout? You've found it. With bright-white minimalist interiors echoing the pristine white sands of the beach on your doorstep,
Sanarà Tulum
hotel on the Riviera Maya is a wellbeing palace for dedicated yoga lovers, healthy-eating gourmands and anyone seeking tranquility.





Smith Extra

Get this when you book through us:

One free yoga class a person a stay








Facilities


Photos








Need to know

Rooms

17, including 13 suites.

Check–Out

1pm; earliest check-in: 3pm. Both are flexible, subject to availability.

Rates

Double rooms from £279.92 ($375), excluding tax at 19 per cent.




Price information




If you haven’t entered any dates, the rate shown is provided directly by the hotel and represents the cheapest double room (including tax) available in the next 21 days.

Prices have been converted from the hotel’s local currency (USD446.25), via openexchangerates.org, using today’s exchange rate.





More details

Rates don't usually include breakfast.

Also

Neither rooms nor public spaces are particularly wheelchair accessible.




At the hotel

Free WiFi throughout. In rooms: yoga mats, beach towels, air-conditioning, bottled water and Sanará bath products.

Our favourite rooms

We're particularly fond of the stylish Tamarind suites; those on the ground floor have private gardens complete with al fresco claw-foot bath tubs, and those on the second floor each have an ocean-view balcony. Travelling with friends or en famille? Book the three-suite Beach Villa, with its spacious living and dining room.

Poolside

Who needs a pool when the Caribbean's on your doorstep?

Spa

It's more than a spa, it's the Sanarà Wellness Centre. In-house and visiting specialists have created the hotel's Cleanse & Heal programmes, all designed to leave you feeling much better when you check out than you did when you checked in; if you've always been intrigued by crystal healing, craniosacral therapy or biomagnetic treatments, now's your chance to experience them all in the wellness centre's five sumptuous treatment rooms. (And don't worry: vanity isn't completely ignored. You can always indulge with a mani-pedi or facial.)

Also

Check in, then check out – tranquility rules here. Handily, there's yoga on tap: don't miss your chance to chill hard with a beachside class or two. Please note that Sanara charges an extra four per cent for any credit card used on the property.

Children

Children over 12 are welcome, but not particularly catered to; under-12s are only welcome at certain times of the year, so please check before booking if you're bringing very little Smiths.

Eco&dash;friendly

Sanarà Tulum was built using eco-sensitive methods, and sources local organic produce and free-range eggs and meat as much as possible.












Food and Drink


Photos








Top Table

You're right on the beach – every table's a winner.

Dress Code

Leave your cocktail dresses in your suitcase – beachwear and yoga kit will suffice here.




Hotel restaurant

Did you know there's such a thing as coconut cheese? The chefs at beachfront restaurant and bar the Real Coconut did. (It's well named: you'd be surprised what delicious things they can do with the humble fruit.) And, you'll be hard pressed to find anything on the menu that isn't good for you: fresh locally grown ingredients are put to work to keep guests in tip-top condition (there are plenty of dairy-, sugar- and gluten-free goodies on offer, too).

If you're under the care of the on-site nutritionist, you'll receive a customised menu on arrival – all sorts of detox and supplement programmes can be arranged.

Hotel bar
Pull up a chair at the Real Coconut and sip sundowners till long after the sun's down. Or, knock back something a little healthier: Sanarà's proud of its 'juiceologists,' who'll customise a smoothie or shot to suit your fancy.
Last orders
Breakfast from 8 to noon; lunch from noon to 5pm; then dine from 6pm to 10pm. The last drinks are poured at 11pm.









Location


Photos









Address

Sanara Tulum


Sanara Tulum Hotel, KM 8.2 Carreterra Tulum Boca Paila, Tulum,

Tulum

77780

Tulum

Mexico





enlarge map













Planes

Cancun Airport is just over an hour’s drive away, and is served by daily flights from a host of European cities. (Taxis are plentiful, or Sanarà can arrange transfers.)

Automobiles

Most guests explore on foot or by bicycle (the renowned Maya ruins are an easy bike ride from Sanarà) and the hotel can easily arrange taxis or drivers to take you further afield. If you do decide to drive, though, there's free parking on site.



Worth getting out of bed for

Do as much or as little as you like: tranquillity's encouraged, no matter how you prefer to go about getting there. Daily
yoga
classes take place each morning and evening (8.15am for the early risers, and 10.15am for the lie-er in-ers, then 5pm).

And then there's the glorious
beach
: Sanarà's private stretch of Tulum's white sands is the sort of spot where you can while away entire days doing nothing more than lounging on a day bed or paddling through the breakers.

In the
Sanarà Wellness Centre
, the signature Sanarà Breathe Swedish massage or Sanarà Relieve deep tissue massage will work out the knots even yoga can't reach, and there's a host of shiatsu, reiki and reflexology on the menu, too.

















Reviews


Photos
















Anonymous review


By

Lisa Goldapple
, Latina bon viveur





Who wouldn’t want their nightmares slayed by a web of
Yucatán
yarn, enchanted with good vibes allegedly passed down by happy-mountain-turkey feathers? This is my kind of wellness. Mr Smith and I are dozing under a giant artisan dreamcatcher in Sanará Tulum. To one side is tropical jungle, to the other, the stupidly beautiful white sands of the Caribbean coast. There’s no rock and no hard place. ‘From now on I’m only sleeping on bamboo cotton’, murmurs Mr Smith. He’ll have to dream on; Sanará means ‘you will heal’ in Spanish, not ‘you can steal the sheets’.

On the southern end of a strip that stretches from Tulum’s ancient ruins to the mangroves of the Sian Ka'an Biosphere, luxury eco-friendly hotel Sanará immediately stands out for not standing out. It’s so sleek and simple: a harmony of white minimalist geometry and dark wood alongside muted clays and concrete floors. Mr Smith calls our beach-facing room ‘nautical rustic’, because of its rope details. I’m going for ‘industrial minimal’. But really there’s just one word for it: heaven. We’re faced with all kinds of brilliant blues and the vegan silk cocooning us is just a small part of Sanará’s eco-fabric. Our room is even elevated to allow turtles to nest underneath.

At reception, simultaneously calm and excited staff member Daniel shows us the on-site Wellness Centre, praising the hotel’s ocean-facing yoga studio and Friday’s sound healing: ‘You’ll feel like you’ve had six hours’ sleep.’ With reflexology, crystal healing, aromatherapy and Mayan clay massage, this is one of the area's most sought-after spas.

Once an off-the-grid hippie retreat, Tulum has been described by the media as ‘the Williamsburg of Mexico’ and ‘the next Ibiza’. The question is, will the addition of excess to the eco-chic yoga hotspot prove our road to ruin?

Tonight we’ve a much-coveted table at celebrated restaurant Hartwood. Set on the edge of the jungle and designed by the same team behind Sanará, it draws New Yorkers to Tulum and commands a two-hour wait (yes, really). We can see why; the roofless zero-carbon eatery deserves its own salutation. I’m not sure Hartwood’s roasted octopus and beetroot with avocado-habanero cream could be beat; but, after dining this decadently, we certainly are.

We head back to our room to watch the supermoon rise over the ocean. The dreamcatcher jingles in the air-con; there’s a whole octopus in my belly; and this joy is sustainable. ‘Good night and sweet dreams’ a card left on our bedside reads. Tomorrow will be 87 degrees – in winter.

Aware that coming to Tulum and not taking a yoga class is like swearing off wine in Tuscany, we tiptoe quietly past the studio (they’re already in downward-dog position), and barefoot it through the palms for breakfast in Sanará’s open-plan beachside restaurant, the Real Coconut. Owner Daniella Hunter is a digestive-health whizz and her coconut-cheese-and-flour tortilla chips are the talk of Tulum. My body – generally a squat, not a temple – thanks her for the dairy-, gluten- and bad sugar-free dishes.

After, I spot a giant double bed in the white sand of Sanará’s private beach with a slate that states ‘For my friend Lisa’. Sorry yoga, it really does have my name on it. Mr Smith is the calmer of us two, but anxious when forced to lie still, so grabs one of the hotel’s kayaks and heads into the surf. I watch for a while. A girl hula-hoops past in slow-mo; a sombrero-topped cyclist offers massages; eight pelicans skim so low they seem to brush a canoeing couple, and Mr Smith has become a dot: I’m in a state of bliss.

That afternoon we grab the hotel’s bikes. Still powered by coconut, we dodge taxis, potholes and pelicans to ride to the clifftop Mayan ruins, overlooking the Caribbean Sea, which exhibit the civilization’s deep understanding of astronomy, science and maths. Resident iguanas photobomb us as we explore.

Mr Smith is a chef (I know. lucky me); throughout our stay he’s been taking note of recipes to reproduce back home. Back at the Real Coconut that evening, he adds the ‘healing chicken-liver-and-broth pâté to Hartwood’s beetroot on his list. Daniella describes it as a ‘gut-healing treat’, which is a good thing, since we later wander down the main road to abuse our bodies with mezcal. Before we know it, a VW Beetle is transporting us to a party in town. Our Hartwood waiter dances to electro on a makeshift stage: ‘This is my party!’ he hollers as he pours glitter on our heads.

Rising early the next day, we hire a local taxi to take us to some
cenotes
. I didn’t realise that more than 6,000 sinkholes punctuate the area. Ranging from open and savage to eerie, cavernous and stalag-mighty, t
he Mayans believed
the freshwater pools
were
iridescent
portals into the underworld
. We snorkel, following divers’ torches as they light a crystal-clear underground maze and then flip over in the mangroves to view hyperreal butterflies and birds from a fish’s eye view.

You don’t need to scuba dive to get your rocks off underwater. At Cenote Manatee Mr Smith is excited by a large fish called a ‘Register? Ringbinder? Ray?’ (he has the memory of a fish) and at Dos Ojos I discover the joy of hollering ‘to the Baticueva (Batcave)!’ while trying not to get water in my mask.

We end our trip by going off-piste for straight-from-the-sea fresh
ceviche
at Chamico's ‘secret’ beach shack. Rocking in a hammock, I’m mesmerised by a family deep frying nachos, throwing batches into a giant refuse bin for keeping. Genius. Meanwhile, Mr Smith is fully submerged in seven colours of blue, attracting fish by trying to flick his glitter off.

I had always thought dreamcatchers too ‘faux-bo’, but after two days at Sanará I’m trying to squash theirs into my luggage (purchased from the Wellness spa – not yanked off the wall) and Mr Smith is still yarning about their bamboo cotton. Instead of bedding, I’ll get him a nacho bin; it’s truly the stuff of dreams.




















The Guestbook

Whenever you book a stay at a Smith Hotel with us, we’ll invite you to review it when you get back. Read what other Smith members had to say in Sanara Tulum’s Guestbook below.









We loved

Waking up at sunrise and walking straight out onto Sanara Tulum's stretch of private beach with sand that has the colour and consistency of talcum powder and milky turquoise waters. Perfect for drinking in the spiritual counterculture that runs right through Tulum. A boat trip to Punta Allen is well worth dragging yourself away from your sun lounger for. It's so utterly remote and tranquil, it will make Tulum beach look like Times Square in comparison. You are also likely to encounter Dolphins, Sea Turtles and Manatees on your journey too.

Don’t expect

Anything less than an earthly paradise! Sanara is a horizon-hugging swathe of white, bookended between swaying palms and crystal waters. The staff are all incredible too; especially Manuel!

Rating














By

Craig, SilverSmith


Stayed on 19 Sep 2016











You’ll also find Sanara Tulum in:


Beach in reach

Dive destinations










other nearby hotels



recently viewed














Tulum

Casa Malca








Tulum

Nomade Tulum








Playa Del Carmen                         -                         Riviera Maya

Thompson Playa del Carmen








Riviera Maya

Live Tulum








Tulum

Casa de las Olas








Riviera Maya

Be Tulum








Playa Del Carmen                         -                         Riviera Maya

Hotel La Semilla








Central Riviera Maya                         -                         Riviera Maya

Hotel Esencia








Central Riviera Maya                         -                         Riviera Maya

Belmond Maroma Resort & Spa








Riviera Maya

KanXuk Luxury Resort
































About us


Who we are

Why book with us?

Best-price guarantee

Our reviewers

Contact us






Mr & Mrs Smith collections


Easter break hotels

Beach hotels

Hotels with a spa

City break hotels

Honeymoon hotels

Child-friendly boutique hotels

Hotels with swimming pools






Our top countries


United Kingdom

Morocco

Spain

Italy

France

Portugal

Greece






Top destination


Barcelona

London

Paris

Rome

New York

The Cotswolds

Marrakech






About

Legal

Smith Travel Blog

Luxury villas

Partners

All our hotels


©
Smith Global Ltd – Boutique and luxury hotels and villas








Need Help?