
Beach Hotels - Coastal Breaks & Getaways - Mr & Mrs Smith




































Menu













Call us 24/7 on

+44 20 8338 7753




















Join the Club



Sign in



+44 20 8338 7753


My wishlists



Basket











Hotels

Villas

Exclusives

Honeymoons

Inspiration

Destinations

Family

Gift Cards










Search
Check-in
Check-out
Search







416 Hotels
16 Villas
Explore



Beach in reach

We've scoured coasts, combed beaches and searched the shore in our hunt for the coolest seaside stays, where the hotels are never far from the water’s edge. Clifftop castles, beachy B&Bs and island idylls – you'll find them all here, alongside sandy resorts and Caribbean retreats. You just have to decide whether your idea of beach-bum heaven is skimming stones in Brighton, surfing in Santa Monica or scuba diving in the Seychelles…















Mercer Hotel Barcelona

Barcelona
,






View hotel













Principe Forte Dei Marmi

Versilia
,






View hotel













Como Point Yamu

Phuket
,






View hotel






See All Hotels

















Borgo Egnazia Villa Bella

Puglia
,






View villa













Grace Santorini Villa

Santorini
,






View villa













Amanpuri 8-Bedroom Garden Villa

Phuket
,






View villa






See All Villas








Recommended offers

See our boutique hotel deals










Keemala


Phuket
,
Thailand






Special Saving (61% Offer)  - Daily breakfast and 61% off stays




Book now













Baros


Maldives






Smith Exclusive: 35% off




Sign in













The Amala


Bali
,
Indonesia






Smith Exclusive: 55% off bed and breakfast stays




Sign in













Best-price guarantee

Found your stay cheaper elsewhere? We’ll
match the price

and
give you a £50 voucher.






Smith Extra on arrival

Enjoy extras such as a picnic lunch, champagne or spa treatments,
on the house





Smith24

Here for you 24/7
+44 20 8338 7753








From the blog

Tales from our travels











4 Ways to Explore Ecuador, South America’s best-kept secret














Ode to the beach read: the best summer books of the past 20 years















African Room 1 at Heure Bleue, Essaouira



Built into the medina walls, Heure Bleue hotel is an oasis of luxe in laid-back, countercultural Essaouira, the one-time playground of the likes of Jimi Hendrix and Bob Marley. Dotted with carvings and draped with fabrics, seductive African Room has a spacious king-size bed and black marble ensuite, as well as a fabulous fireplace – ideal for heating up windswept Essaouira nights.

Find out more about Heure Bleue










The Datai



Surrounded by lush Langkawi rainforest and drenched in glamour, the
Datai
is a standard-bearer for luxury hotels in Malaysia. Whether you’re here for the glitz, the golf or the gourmet dining,
The Datai
is a welcoming and romantic retreat with a classy contemporary edge.


Find out more about The Datai










DIVE IN



Underwater explorers will love
Gayana Eco Resort
's coral-dotted, marine-reserve dive centre (the treks into the Borneo jungle won't disappoint, either). Bali's
Alila Manggis
is splashing distance from seven of the globe's best dive sites and is edged by sublime snorkeling waters.
Sumba, an hour's flight from Bali, is a hush-hush travellers' secret, and at
Nihiwatu
you'll sample the island's best: incredible ocean views, breeze-cooled outdoor living and world-class surf breaks in reach. A speedboat ride from
Amanzoe
, a marble-hewn hilltop haven in southern Greece, is the island of Dokos, whose diver-drawing coast lays claim to the world's oldest known shipwreck.


Find more aquatic-adventure escapes










The Address Downtown Dubai



Style
Modern minimalist via Miami

Setting
Beside the Burj Khalifa

Holding its own next to the gargantuan Burj Khalifa building, the 63-floor Address Downtown Dubai hotel is a skyscraper stacked with style and opulence. Housing eight bars and restaurants, seven swimming pools, a signature spa and 196 elegant rooms, this towering totem of sophistication is taking luxury and comfort to new heights.


View hotel










Estrella Suites at Capella Pedregal, Cabo San Lucas, Mexico



Sandwiched between the mountains and ocean, accessible by a chandelier-lit tunnel, balmy Baja Peninsula beach retreat Capella Pedregal in north-west Mexico is dedicated to pleasure. All 96 rooms in this luxe Cabo San Lucas getaway tout stellar sea views (the balcony-blessed Estrella Suite is fabulously flirty), with colourful Mexican art and plunge pools.  Four swank dining venues span beach shack-chic to fine dining, including Crudo for raw fish fans. Stroll on the sand, float in the infinity pool or relax in Auriga Spa, where treatments are inspired by the lunar cycles. Yoga and candlelit massages are also yours to command.



Find out more about Capella Pedregal










Japamala Resort



Just-remote-enough
Japamala Resort
on tiny Tioman Island is the ultimate back-to-nature escape. Joined by a series of canopy-skimming walkways, the hotel's luxury treehouses and cliff-clinging chalets are secluded and serene, promising rainforest-ringed privacy and vertiginous vistas of the South China Sea.


Find out more about Japamala Resort










SUN-SOAKED SOPHISTICATION



If you like your holiday to be an excuse to flaunt designer resortwear and your ritziest accessories, then we've got your A-list. Perfect your red-carpet poses and make a beeline for
Cap d'Antibes Beach Hotel
on the
Côte d'Azur
for a showstopping seaside stay. Decking clad, day-bed-dotted
Maçakizi
is the place to be seen on Turkey's
Bodrum peninsula
– pull up a chair at the Aegean-facing bar or settle in for some sea-fresh fare at its destination restaurant. In Vietnam,
The Nam Hai
is a shoreside style icon on Hoi An's China Beach with an OMG infinity pool, a serene spa and seductive, butler-serviced, oceanfront villas.


See more fit-for-a-movie-star escapes










Marbella Club



Marbella has been the famously chic playground of old-school, look-at-me Mediterranean glamour for decades, and Marbella Club is one of the biggest reasons behind its rep. Opened by playboy Prince Alfonso von Hohenlohe in 1951, the shore-side resort (which includes a spa, beach club, golf course, botanical gardens and champagne room, naturally) still attracts the glitz-garbed international jet set and those who like to watch them at play. Although these days, a lot of the younger guests slope off to barefoot-luxe coast club Nikki Beach down the road when they’re tired of lounging on the pool terrace…


Read more










Cap Rocat, Mallorca



If you have new-season swimwear to show off that is best accessorised by a 19th-century Mallorcan fort (every good bikini needs battlements for a backdrop), Cap Rocat is the place to do it. High in drama, blessed with sweeping sea views and radiating exclusivity from drawbridge to turret, it’s a secluded, adults-only hideaway, where supermodels and super yachters go for superlative service and one of the sexiest poolsides on the Med.


Read more










One&Only The Palm



Style
International desert luxury

Setting
Palm-shaped island paradise

The spectacular One&Only The Palm resort, stretched out over the Persian Gulf on Dubai’s tree-shaped Palm Island archipelago, has all the indulgent service, spa treats and impeccable dining you’d expect from a luxury UAE hotspot, topped off with superlative sea and city views.


View hotel






























About us


What's in a name?

Why book with Smith?

Our reviewers

Contact us






Mr & Mrs Smith collections


Adults Only Hotels

Honeymoon hotspots

Child-friendly

Beach in reach

Hotels within three hours of London

Hotel villas and cottages

Gourmet hotel breaks

Hotels with cookery schools

Pet-friendly

Boutique bed and breakfasts

Private-island hotels

Marrakech riads

Private pools

Smith Ski

Experiential travel






Popular countries


in Spain

in Greece

in Italy

in United States

in United Kingdom

in Thailand






Popular destinations


in Bali

in Maldives

in Mallorca

in Santorini

in Cornwall

in Barcelona

in Phuket

in Fiji Islands

in Miami

in Tulum










About

Legal

Contact us


© 2017 Smith Global Ltd – Boutique and luxury hotels
















