
Faq's - Keytel Hotels










[Make room for your best moments]










+34 93 216 38 46








Home

Hotels

Offers

Special Packages

Meeting Rooms

Professional Access

My Booking







Frequently asked questions (faqs)


How to book?

Can I modify or cancel a booking?

What do I receive when I book?


Do children have special prices?

Prices, are they by person or by night


ï¿½How may I pay for my booking?


How will I know if my booking has been cancelled?

How to book?

• Select the country, province or city of your choice.
• Insert the arrival date and number of nights.
• Select a number of rooms to book.
• Please insert the number of persons per room


Now click on the Search button and our system will offer you the available Hotels based on your criteria, select the one that best suits your needs and confirm your booking.

Can I modify or cancel a booking?

When you book we offer you the info about conditions and dates when you may cancel at no cost. The info is in our website as part of the booking process when we ask for the booking details (name, telephone number, etc.).


To cancel a booking: if you booked through our website and inside the date range limit to cancel you can cancel your booking directly from our website clicking in our section "My booking" on the upper right top of our menu. If the booking cancelation period is due you must cancel over the phone.


Nï¿½ 902 215 250 o 902 101 314 (24/365)


What do I receive when I book?

Once your booking is confirmed, we will see a message where you will be able to print your confirmation, this document is the one you will have to bring to the hotel in order to claim your room. For security reasons we will also send you an email with the booking confirmation.



Do children have special prices?

There are Hotels that offer children discounts. When you introduce your children ages, the system will apply the prices according to their ages, this means that all prices given include our valid children discounts.


Prices, are they by person or by night?

All prices in Keytelhotels
ARE TOTAL BOOKING PRICES
and include all nights requested in the mentioned rate plan. VAT included.



How may I pay for my booking?

Keytelhotels.com offers various payment methods: you can pay directly at the hotel or by credit card when you are making your booking.



How will I know if my booking has been cancelled

Once you have cancelled your booking, we will send you an email with your cancellation confirmation.

If you should have any questions please call us at:

PHONE:
+34 902 215 250
or send us an email to:
atencioncliente.bcn@keytel.es










Company Services

Blog


About us

FAQS

Contact








Terms & Conditions
|

Privacy Policy
|

General Conditions
|

Best Price Guarantee

© Copyright by Hotusa Group












