
Privacy Policy | Keytel Hotels










[Make room for your best moments]










+34 93 216 38 46








Home

Hotels

Offers

Special Packages

Meeting Rooms

Professional Access

My Booking







Privacy Policy


Keytel is an associate member of AECE - Asociaciï¿½n Espaï¿½olad de Comercio Electrï¿½nico (the Spanish Association of Electronic Commerce) and applies the regulations contained in its Code of Ethics.


The following is an explication of the criteria and rules we use and apply to the data you freely and voluntarily give us via our website. The information you give us is entered into our database.


The database is owned by Keytel. Having given us this information, we are authorized to periodically inform you of all our offers and special promotions.


You can contact us personally at C/Aragon, 208 6-6, 08011 Barcelona or by e-mail to comercial@keytel.es or by telephone on 934525930 or by fax to 934540464. When you are surfing our website, our computer automatically identifies your computers IP address, the date and time you have entered, that which you have left and those parts of the site you are surfing. It is necessary for our computer to have this information about your computer in order to correspond with it and send what you request via your surfer and onto your screen.


We do not know, nor does our computer know, personal details about you such as name, address, telephone, etc, unless you have given them to us. The personal details you give us will not be given to any other third party and will only be used to send you information about our activities if you so wish. We have the necessary security levels to keep safe the data you give us and we have also installed all the means and technical methods available to us to avoid the loss, incorrect use, alteration, unauthorized access or theft of your details.


The Keytel computer has been certified by Verisign Inc., an international authority in certification, and so it is guaranteed that you are connected to keytelhotels.com.Most of the services offered on our website are restricted exclusively to registered travel agencies, and so in order to use them we assign you a user?s name and password.


In order to guarantee the security of all transactions, your user name and password are asked for every time you enter a restricted area. Our computer, where the website is housed, uses ?cookies?. Cookies are small files that our computer sends to yours, but which do not give us information about your identity, nor any other personal detail about you.


These cookies work only in response to your preferences on choosing a language and what you wish to see in our site. These cookies cannot read data stored in your computer nor other cookies that are stored there. If you wish, you can format your surfer to advise you each time you receive a cookie. If you decide not to receive the cookies we can send you, this will not impede your access to the information in our website, but the preset language memory function will be disabled and Spanish will always appear as the first language. If this is the case and if you wish to work in English, it is necessary to access this function on the menu on the first page.


Our protection of information policy may alter due to changes in legislation. Should this be the case, we will keep you informed via the website. Keytel is currently completing the necessary transactions to obtain AECE?s Seal of Guarantee for the Protection of Information.











Company Services

Blog


About us

FAQS

Contact








Terms & Conditions
|

Privacy Policy
|

General Conditions
|

Best Price Guarantee

© Copyright by Hotusa Group












