
About Keytel Hotel - Keytel Hotels










[Make room for your best moments]










+34 93 216 38 46








Home

Hotels

Offers

Special Packages

Meeting Rooms

Professional Access

My Booking







About us


2007: Keytel classifies all its hotels into brands, taking into account the hotel type, with the aim of helping travel agents to recommend the best hotel for every customer.

Prestige Hotels of the World

The brand
Prestige Hotels of the World
includes the best and most prestigious hotels you can imagine. These hotels, exclusive and with a characteristic personality, offer a wide range of experiences to their customers. The use of the comprehensive guarantee of this organisation has been made available to ensure unforgettable stays in magnificent hotels.

Prestige Hotels of the World
offers a large assortment of hotels that satisfy leisure and business needs of select customers.

Style Hotels
includes a collection of exclusive and smart establishments, located in the most important urban and leisure destinations throughout the world. All these hotels have been prepared for the ultimate in design and facilities.

Domus Selecta
comprehends charming establishments which are special because of their history, location or impressive decoration. Nowadays, it includes more than 200 hotels in 14 countries.

Aqualis:
about 30 luxury hotels, especially devoted to hydrotherapy, wellness and personal care are included into this brand.

Homeout places

Especially dedicated to boost lodgement in apartments for business travellers, families or groups of friends, this brand is perfect for those who are seeking the facilities a hotel offers and the freedom apartments provide. Always with Keytel guarantee.

Hotel categories

KEYTEL categorisation tries to define precisely the standards of facilities, interior decoration, quality and conveniences these establishments include, regardless of the evaluations collected from the hotel country or region where they are located, as well as if they are in an urban or leisure sector.

Luxury Class

The utmost in detail and luxury. This selection of exclusive Hotels and Resorts encompasses exceptional icon establishments world-wide.


Excellence

Establishments in the classic style or along modern, innovative lines that provide complete and impeccable facilities, as well as a sophisticated dï¿½cor.


Premier

Every guarantee of satisfaction. New hotels or others less new but in a perfect state of conservation with a complete range of facilities as its main identification mark.


Comfort

Under this category a varied hotel offer can be found, planned for those guests who are looking for comfort, functionality and good value for money.


Basic

Establishments with the essential facilities that cover basic tourist requirements.











Company Services

Blog


About us

FAQS

Contact








Terms & Conditions
|

Privacy Policy
|

General Conditions
|

Best Price Guarantee

© Copyright by Hotusa Group












