
Cheap Hostels : Accommodation in Istanbul | Hostels in Rio De Janeiro | Barcelona Youth Hostel








Services for the
hostel industry

Sign Up
your Property

How it works

Contact

Affiliate Program

Booking Engine





Our Booking Engines


Booking Interface

Mobile Booking Engine

Facebook Bookings






Welcome to Gomio.
com

Lowest Commission OTA for Hostels





Interested in a Mobile Booking Engine for your Hostel?
Read more here!

Interested in a Booking Engine for your Website?
Read more here!

Interested in a Booking Engine for your Facebook Page
Read more here!





For Hostels

There is simply online booking platform for hostels, and that one is Gomio.com. As a hostel owner or manager, we are delighted to invite you to register your property and becoming part of our hostel community. We also provide a
set of booking tools
that will
improve the efficiency of your hostel
and get a higher conversion rate in your website and Facebook Page. We keep the lowest commissions in the market and promote hostels versus other accommodation types. Join us and let Gomio.com manage your hostel bookings.

You can
register your hostel at Gomio.com here
by filling out the form to sign up.

And much more...


Discounts in our annual World Hostel Conferences fees.

Bookings through our extended affiliate network.

More hostel-friendly website: partial availability bookings, hostel accommodation type priority for registration, we do not accept resorts and hotels.

Small but accessible team: facebook, skype, email, phone, and multiple languages in support.






For Affiliates

Either you own a
travel website, meta-search or blog
, we offer our booking technology and XML API to process bookings in your own website.
Don't miss the opportunity to take part on the continuously growing hostel industry and
get more revenue offering our fantastic hostels
to all your visitors.
Our hostels fit perfectly with young and budget travelers
and the conversion rates are better than the average when you hit the youth audience.




Support Gomio.com

Please see our
Support-Us Page
where you will find all
marketing and press material of Gomio.com


Banners to put on your website,

Logos of Gomio.com,

and Screenshots of our products and software.







About Us

World Hostel Conference

Gomio.com - Creacions Ezak Blau, SL -  Calle Pau Clarís 162, 4 ° 1 °, 08037 Barcelona, Spain


















