







Best Hostels in East Africa













































Hostels

Groups

Guides

Contact

Blog










Best Hostels in East Africa


Although the boundaries are obscured,
Eastern Africa
is typically considered the stretch between
Eritrea
all the way down the eastern coast to
Tanzania
. More southern countries like
Mozambique
and
Zambia
are sometimes considered Eastern Africa as well. Here you can see a wide array of animals, especially lions since there are many prides living in the Serengeti.
Eastern Africa
is comprised of mostly grasslands and savannahs with beautiful white-sand beaches dominating its shores and the two tallest mountains in
Africa
, Kilimanjaro and Mount Kenya.














The Beach Africa


Mombasa, Kenya

The air filled with chill-out, and Reagge music, Beach Africa Hostel is a funky and unique designed boutique Beach Hostel. The unique Hostel in Mombasa offers budget accommodation and hostel atmosphere right at the Indian Ocean Waterfront. Take your surfboard, have a rest at a hammock, or take a tour to explore the hidden paradise.

all Hostels in Mombasa






Mabuya Camp


Lilongwe, Malawi

Mabuya Camp is a leafy haven in the centre of Lilongwe, Malawi's capital. Mabuya Camp is the perfect place to unwind after a long bus journey from Lusaka before heading onwards to the lake. Alternatively you can also join the safari tour to South Luangwa in Zambia. Enjoy the swimming pool of Mabuya Camp, take a hot shower afterwards, and join your fellow travelers at the campfire for a cold beer.

all Hostels in Lilongwe






Enchoro Wildlife Camp Masai Mara


Masai Mara, Kenya

Enchoro Wildlife Camp Masai Mara represents a new standard in quality and professionalism, naturally the luxurious standards of comfort and personal attention of their staff makes Enchoro wildlife camp accommodation an enjoyable experience in Masai Mara National Reserve. Enchoro Wildlife Camp Masai Mara is built elegantly on the Oloolaimutia Hills forming the Eastern boundary of the Masai Mara National Reserve.

all Hostels in Narok










Marijani Holiday Resort

Watamu, Kenya

Marijani Holiday Resort is situated at the small fishervillage Watamu, just 100 metres from the beach. The Marijana Accommodation offers a relaxing, easy-going atmosphere for single travelers, up to groups. Join the events like BBQ, or simply	relax on the open air front house veranda under the stars and have a beer with your fellow travelers.

all Hostels in Watamu






Bamburi Beach Resort


Mombasa, Kenya

Bamburi Beach Resort is a travelers' home away from home located in sedate lush green tranquil palm gardens. Bamburi Beach Resort has created a harmonised balance between the pampered comfort of safari style accommodation and the essential impression of being at one with nature. Each cottage has its private sitting area where guests can have a drink and enjoy the sunset in total privacy.

all Hostels in Mombasa





Karibu Hostel


Moshi, Tanzania

Say "Karibu" (Welcome) and enter the nice and welcoming Karibu hostel in Moshi. With its great ambient, volunteers and backpackers get together to share experiences. The fully furnished Karibu hostel with all its facilities will make your stay very comfortable and social. Join your fellow travelers in the huge garden with mango and banana trees where everyone can relax, play some sports, or pick up some fruits that are in season.

all Hostels in Moshi









Victoria Falls Backpackers


Victoria Falls, Zimbabwe

Get the best advices and activity packages in Victoria Falls at Victoria Falls Backpackers! Capture the exotic flair of Zimbabwean culture and indigenous art with affordable comfort and friendly service. Meet fellow travelers at the Victoria Falls Backpackers Lounge, play some cards, or some swimming pool games. This Hostel in Victoria Falls cares about you and offers everything you need to have a great hostel experience.

all Hostels in Victoria Falls, Zimbabwe






Discover Rwanda Youth Hostel


Kigali, Rwanda

Enjoy your breakfast on an open-air balcony overlooking the hills of Rwanda. The Discover Rwanda Youth Hostel is the best place for you to start exploring Rwanda. Enjoy the relaxing atmosphere, and the fun atmosphere at the Discover Rwanda  Hostel in Kigali. Have a drink at the bar terrace, and plan your trip through Rwanda thoughtfully with all the great insider tipps and knowledge given you by the Team of Discover Rwanda Youth Hostel.

all Hostels in Kigali, Rwanda





Mango Beach Lodge


Tofo Beach, Mozambique

Tropical beaches, coconut palm groves, great seafood: Mango Beach Lodge has the  pure paradise prepared for you. Mango Beach Lodge is a unique designed lodge in one of the worlds best destinations for diving. From adventure and action, to relaxed sun-drenched chill, over to exploring the seafood scene, the Mango Beach Lodge promises you a never forgetting hostel and africa experience.

all Hostels in Tofo Beach, Mozambique









Flintstones Backpackers


Lusaka, Zambia

The Flintstones Backpackers is a relaxing, easy-going state of the art hostel in Lusaka, the capital city of Zambia. With all its events, and the green garden you surely will enjoy your stay at Flintstones Backpackers. The Hostel in Lusaka is surrounded by museums, cultural centers, and authentic restaurants.

all Hostels in Lusaka





Gecko Lounge

Monkey Bay, Malawi

Relax yourself at the lakeside in a warm, welcoming atmosphere and feel the life swinging. Join the fun-filled parties of Gecko Lounge, located on the shores of Lake Malawi, right in a Marine National Park. With its delicious food, the variety of activities, and last but not least the stunning lake view, Gecko Lounge is one of the best hostels in east africa!

all Hostels in Monkey Bay





Mbuyuni Beach Village


Zanzibar, Tanzania

The location of Mbuyuni Beach Village is a tropical paradise, best characterized by its warm welcome and breathtaking beauty. Besides a friendly, quiet and very relaxing atmosphere, the Mbuyuni Beach Village also organizes special tours for their travelers. Explore the white sandy beaches, swim with the Dolphins, or join the Red colubus monkey's tours at Jozani Forest.

all Hostels in Zanzibar














Some required fields are missing!



NO_RESULTS













City, Country, Hostel




Check in

11/12/2017




Check out

13/12/2017





Guests


1



1

2

3

4

5

6

7

+7







Nights


2



1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

28

29

30


















TOPCITIES1


Hostels in Barcelona

Hostels in Istanbul

Hostels in Lisbon

Hostels in Madrid

Hostels in Porto

Hostels in Rome

Hostels in Seville

Hostels in Sliema, Malta




TOPCITIES2


Hostels in Amsterdam

Hostels in Berlin

Hostels in Copenhagen

Hostels in Dublin

Hostels in London

Hostels in Munich

Hostels in Paris

Hostels in Stockholm




TOPCITIES3


Hostels in Budapest

Hostels in Cieszyn

Hostels in Krakow

Hostels in Prague

Hostels in Sarajevo

Hostels in St Petersburg

Hostels in Split

Hostels in Wroclaw






FOOTERSUBSCRIBE1

1) FOOTERSUBSCRIBE2

2) FOOTERSUBSCRIBE3

3) FOOTERSUBSCRIBE4

Visit Gomio Blog



TOPCITIES4


Hostels in Boston

Hostels in Guadalajara

Hostels in Havana

Hostels in New York City

Hostels in Vancouver




TOPCITIES5


Hostels in Buenos Aires

Hostels in Cusco

Hostels in Rio de Janeiro

Hostels in Santiago de Chile

Hostels in Sao Paulo




TOPCITIES6


Hostels in Antananarivo

Hostels in Cape Town

Hostels in Essaouira

Hostels in Marrakech

Hostels in Nairobi

Hostels in Zanzibar




TOPCITIES7


Hostels in Amman

Hostels in Bangkok

Hostels in Ha Noi

Hostels in Jerusalem

Hostels in Koh Phangan

Hostels in Pattaya




TOPCITIES8


Hostels in Airlie Beach

Hostels in Melbourne

Hostels in Nadi

Hostels in Queenstown

Hostels in Rotorua

Hostels in Sydney




For Traveler and Backpacker

About us

FAQ

Legal














For Hostels and Partners

Hostel Log In

Hostel Sign up

Hostel Software

Support us

Press


Some of our hostels are displaying ratings and reviews powered by TripAdvisor


© 2004 - 2017 Gomio.com
