Holidays in Europe: your expert European luxury travel site


















MENU


CHALETS
BOARDING SCHOOLS
LUXURY HOTELS
YACHT CHARTER
HOSPITALS & CLINICS
WATCH SHOPS
SPA HOTELS
VILLA RENTAL



Sprachwahl
ENGLISH
GERMAN
CHINESE
ARABIC
FRENCH
RUSSIAN

Login Member Channel






MEMBERS ONLY - THE BEST LUXURY TRAVEL DEALS
Please sign in with your promotion code or personal log-in. If you forgot your password please send a mail to
members@mypremiumeurope.com







Please log in for your exclusive offers




Email




Passcode




















About Premium Europe

Based in Zurich, Switzerland, our company was the first luxury travel agency to combine a digital experience with individually personalised support. We provide luxury holiday planning with online booking and tailored 5 star services. We help you select the best boarding school for your child on a data driven basis combined with personal consultations. We find top-notch medical treatments and connect you with the best clinics and doctors.

We started out as a small business back in 2004 and are now a shareholder company with 45 advisors and staff in all fields. We are incredibly passionate about travelling and we work in close partnership with Switzerland Tourism and other important tourism players  to offer our clients the best possible experiences. Please, feel free to browse our media coverage to see what we can do for you. 
Even though we have grown, our clients are still as precious to us as friends and family. If you find yourself in Zurich, come visit us in our headquarters; we’d love to discuss your needs over a cup of coffee!

With best regards,


Peter Zombori

CEO Premium Europe AG, your gateway to luxury Europe.



Newsletter


Subscribe here






Contact

Call us if we can help you in any way:
+41 44 504 55 55
Or send us an E-Mail
welcome@mypremiumeurope.com

Follow








Featured in:





Europe's       Premium Service Platform
© 2017 Premium Europe AG, all rights reserved









We are processing your request…




Premium Switzerland is a proud member of




