


































Personal support:
+41 798 154 906

Log in
|
Registration














Register as Tenant

Sites & Surfs

My Casalio

Search












Imprint

for: casalio.com

We object to any commercial use and disclosure of our data.

Area of ​​responsibility

This imprint applies only to the website at: casalio.com

Delimitation

The web presence is part of the WWW and therefore linked with the other websites, at any time changing websites, which therefore are not subject to the given responsibility and do not apply to the following information. It was carefully checked that the links do not violate decency of laws. Such links to the other websites, you can see by opening a new window.

Responsible

Casalio GmbH
Frank Fingerhut
Hauptstrasse 35
6315 Oberägeri
Switzerland
office@casalio.com
+41 798154906

Script and concept

Casalio GmbH


Layout & Technical Implementation

Paul Mohr - Sopamo:
www.sopamo.de

Copyright

The author specifically grants you the right to use, allowing you to make a private copy for personal purposes. You are not entitled, however, to modify the materials and / or to pass it on or to self-publish. Unless expressly stated, the copyright for contents belongs to: Frank Fingerhut

No Liability

The contents of this website have been carefully checked to the best of our knowledge. But for the information presented here there is no claim to completeness, topicality, quality and correctness. There is no liability for damage caused by reliance on the contents of this website or its use.

Cookies

This website uses "cookies", which serve to our website to make a total user- friendly, effective and safe - for example when it comes to speed up navigation on our website. In addition, cookies enable us to measure the frequency of page requests and general navigation. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer system. We point out that some of these cookies are transferred from our server to your computer system, which is often on so-called "session cookies". "Session cookies " are characterized by the fact that they are automatically deleted after the end of the browser session from your hard drive. Other cookies remain on your computer system and allow us to recognize your computer system in your next visit (so-called persistent cookies). You can of course choose to decline cookies at any time if your browser permits. Please note that certain features of this site may not or only partially be used if you set your browser so that no cookies (our website) will be accepted.

Further information and contacts

You have a right to free information about your stored data and a right to rectification, blocking or erasure of data. If you have any questions regarding the collection, processing or use of your personal data, please contact us. The same applies to information, blocking, deletion and correction requests concerning your personal information and for revocations of consent. The contact address in our imprint.

Usage of Facebook plugins

We have integrated so-called plugins of the social network facebook.com (hereinafter "Facebook") in our website. Facebook is a company Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA. A list of these plugins and the appearance of Facebook can be viewed at the following Internet address:
http://developers.facebook.com/plugins

On each call, a Web page of our website, which is provided with such a plugin that causes the plugin that the browser you are using loads the visual representation of the plugins from the Facebook server and represents it. By integrating the plugin Facebook receives the information that your browser has accessed the corresponding page of our website, even if you do not have a Facebook account or are not currently logged in to Facebook. This information (including your IP address) will be transmitted from your browser directly to a Facebook server in the U.S. and stored there.

If you are logged in as a member of Facebook and while visiting our website at Facebook, Facebook detects the broadcast of the plugin information, please visit that particular web page of our website straight and has this to your personal account on Facebook to, regardless of whether one activates the plugin. Now press one of the plugins, for example by clicking on the "Like " button or by submitting a comment, this will be sent to your personal account to Facebook and stored there. To prevent that Facebook assigns the collected data to your account on Facebook, you need to log out of Facebook before visiting our website. To block the data collection and dissemination of your visitors data by Facebook plugin for the future, you can go for some Internet browser at the following link , a browser add -on of "Facebook Blocker " refer , please do not delete the browser add -on , as long as you want to block the Facebook plug-ins :
http://webgraph.com/resources/facebookblocker/

Under the following Internet address you will find the privacy policy of Facebook with more detailed information on the collection and use of data by Facebook, as well as to your rights with respect to the settings options for protecting your privacy:

http://www.facebook.com/policy.php

Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (" Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", text files that are stored on your computer, to help analyze how users use the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website are usually transferred to a server of Google in the USA and stored there. In the case of activation of the IP anonymization on this website, your IP address will be truncated within Member states of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases the complete IP address is transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. On behalf of the operator of this website Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other with website and Internet related services to the website operator. Undertaken as part of Google Analytics your IP address is not associated with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser software; however, we point out that you can optionally use in this case not all features of this website to their full extent. You can prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address ) to Google and the processing of these data by Google in addition , by the using the following link (http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de) browser plugin available and install it.

For more information on Terms of Use and Privacy Policy can be found under
http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html
or unter
http://www.google.com/intl/de/analytics/privacyoverview.html
.

We point out that on this website, Google Analytics code "gat._anonymizeIp ();" has been extended to ensure an anonymous collection of IP addresses (called IP masking).


Google Adsense

This website uses Google AdSense, a service for including advertisements from Google Inc. ("Google"). Google AdSense uses "cookies ", text files that are stored on your computer, to analyze how users use the site . Google AdSense uses so called web beacons ( invisible images) . Through this web beacons, information can be evaluated as the visitor traffic on these sites.

The information generated by cookies and web beacons on this website (including your IP address) and delivery of advertising formats to be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. This information can be passed from Google to contractors of Google. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by you.

You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; however, we point out that you may not be able to use all functions of this website in this case. By using this site, you agree to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner described above and for the aforementioned purpose .

Google +1

Collection and dissemination of information:
The Google +1 button to publish information worldwide. About the Google +1 button lets you and other users personalized content from Google and our partners. Google will store both the information that you have given for a content +1, as well as information about the page that you viewed when you click on +1 . Your +1' s can be shown as evidence along with your name and profile photo in Google services , such as in search results or in your Google profile, or elsewhere on websites and ads on the internet.
Google records information about your +1- activities to improve Google's services for you and others. In order to use the Google +1 button, you need a globally visible, public Google profile, which must contain at least the chosen name for the profile. This name is used in all Google services. In some cases, this name can also substitute any other name that you used when sharing content under your Google account . The identity of your Google profile can be shown to users who know your e - mail address or other identifying information from you.

Using the information collected:
In addition to the above uses, the information you provide in accordance with the applicable Google privacy policies are used. Google may release aggregate statistics on the activities of the user or +1- these findings to users and partners, such as publishers, advertisers or linked sites.

Twitter

Functions of the service Twitter are integrated on our website. These functions are offered by Twitter Inc., Twitter, Inc., 1355 Market St , Suite 900 , San Francisco, CA 94103, USA. Through the use of Twitter and function of " re-tweet " the web pages you visit are linked to your Twitter account and made known to other users. This data is also transmitted to Twitter.

We point out that we as providers of the sites receive no knowledge of the content of the transmitted data and use them through Twitter. For more information, please refer to the privacy statement of Twitter at http://twitter.com/privacy .

Your privacy preferences at Twitter, you can change the account settings under http://twitter.com/account/settings .




























Stay inspired and updated!







Subscribe







Follow us online:









Discover our blog:


casaliotravel.com








Imprint

Terms & Conditions



Copyright © 2017 Casalio |
Google+
















?


×

Quick inquiry*






Complete the form and put the most important information for you to find the most suitable Holiday Rental. Thanks.






Name*








e-mail*








Telephone






Your travel data




internet-connection

air conditioning

fireplace

indoor pool

Sat TV

dishwasher

billiard table

sauna

whirlpool





Region*

Italy

Tuscany

Lazio

Sardegna

Umbria

Puglia

Trentino-Alto Adige

Lombardia

Veneto

Campania

Piemonte

Sicilia

Emilia-Romagna

Greece

Crete Island

Epirus

Südliche

Peloponnisos Dytiki Ellada ke Ionio

France

Corse

Spain

Galicia

Switzerland

Ireland

Croatia

Primorsko-goranska županija

Malta

Austria

Vorarlberg

Portugal

Lisboa

Turkey

Antalya

Madagascar

Antsiranana Province

Indonesia

Bali

Mexico

Quintana Roo

Zambia

Western Province

Lusaka Province

Eastern Province

Northern Province

Turks and Caicos Islands

Caicos Islands





Bedrooms:












Budget*

Max. 3000€ / Week

Max. 4000€ / Week

Max. 6000€ / Week

Max. 8000€ / Week

Max. 10000€ / Week

Max. 12000€ / Week

Max. 15000€ / Week

Max. 20000€ / Week

More than 20000€ /Week






























* Your inquiry will be sent to all landlords who offer a holiday to meet your requirements.








×

Thank you!
Your request has been forwarded.


×

Oops
Unfortunately, your message could not be sent. You can also
here
contact.





