

Partners - IGLTA - Gay & Lesbian Travel - LGBTQ Companies











Annual Convention



Are you a business?
Login
or
Register


Mais informações em
português
- Más información en
español




Twitter

Facebook




Business Member Login




Sign In



Forgot your password?



Trouble accessing your account?

Please contact
iglta@iglta.org.










The Leading Global Resource in the LGBT Tourism Industry.







Plan Your Trip



Start by Destination



Africa




Mauritius



Mauritius





Morocco



Casablanca




Seychelles


South Africa



Eastern Cape

Gauteng

KwaZulu-Natal

Limpopo

Mpumalanga

Western Cape





Tanzania



Kilimanjaro





Zimbabwe



Matabeleland North








Asia & Middle East




Cambodia



Siem Reap





China



Hong Kong





Hong Kong



Hong Kong





India



Delhi

Haryana





Indonesia



Bali





Israel



Central Distrct

Tel Aviv





Japan



Chubu

Fukushima

Kantō

Kyoto-fu

Okinawa

Osaka

Tokushima

Tokyo




Jordan


Laos



Luang Prabang





Lebanon



Beirut





Myanmar



Yangon





Nepal



Bagmati

Kathmandu




Sri Lanka

Taiwan


Thailand



Bangkok

Krabi

Phuket

Surat Thani







Turkey



Istanbul

Muğla

Nevşehir

Aydın





Vietnam



Hanoi








Australia & Pacific




Australia



New South Wales

Queensland

Victoria




Guam


New Zealand



Auckland

Otago

Waikato








Central America & Caribbean




Aruba



Oranjestad





Bahamas



Exuma

South Andros





Belize



Belize





Bermuda



Sandys





British Virgin Islands



British Virgin Islands





Cayman Islands



Grand Cayman





Costa Rica



Puntarenas

San José





Cuba



Cuba

Havana





Curaçao



Curaçao





Dominican Republic



Distrito Nacional

La Altagracia

Santiago de los Caballeros





Guadeloupe



Guadeloupe





Jamaica



St James





Panama



Panama City





Puerto Rico



Rio Grande

Carolina

San Juan




Saint Eustatius




Saint Martin



St. Martin




Saint Kitts

Turks and Caicos


U.S. Virgin Islands



Saint John

Saint Thomas

Saint Croix








Europe




Austria



Vienna





Belgium



Brussels

East Flanders





Bulgaria



Sofia





Croatia



Split-Dalmatia

Zadar





Cyprus



Paphos





Czech Republic



Prague




Denmark

Finland


France



Alpes-Maritimes

Alsace

Aube

Calvados

Paris

Yonne





Germany



Bavaria

Berlin

Hamburg

North Rhine-Westphalia

Baden-Württemberg

Cologne

Frankfurt





Greece



Attica

North Aegean

South Aegean





Iceland



Reykjavik





Ireland



Leinster





Italy



Campania

Emilia-Romagna

Genoa

Lazio

Lombardy

Sardinia

Sicily

South Tyrol

Tuscany

Veneto





Malta



Malta







Monaco



Monte Carlo





Netherlands



North Holland

South Holland

Saint Eustatius





Portugal



Lisbon

Setubal

Leira




Romania


Slovakia



Vrakúň





Spain



Balearic Islands

Barcelona

Ibiza

Las Palmas

Madrid

Málaga

Seville

Valencia

Canary Islands





Sweden



Stockholm





Switzerland



Zurich

Vaud

Graubünden

Bern





United Kingdom



Devon

Edinburgh

London

Oxfordshire

Scotland








North America




Canada



Alberta

British Columbia

Manitoba

Nova Scotia

Ontario

Quebec





Mexico



Baja California Sur

Jalisco

Quintana Roo

Yucatán

Mexico City





United States



Arizona

California

Colorado

Connecticut

Florida

Georgia

Hawaii

Idaho

Illinois

Indiana

Kansas

Kentucky

Louisiana

Maryland

Massachusetts



Michigan

Minnesota

Missouri

Nebraska

Nevada

New Hampshire

New Jersey

New Mexico

New York

North Carolina

Ohio

Oklahoma

Oregon

Pennsylvania

Rhode Island



South Carolina

Tennessee

Texas

Utah

Vermont

Virginia

Washington

Washington DC

West Virginia

Wisconsin








South America




Argentina



Buenos Aires





Brazil



Rio de Janeiro

São Paulo

Santa Catarina

Ceará

Federal District

Paraná





Chile



Santiago

Santiago Province

Metropolitana





Colombia



Antioquia

Valle del Cauca

Cundinamarca





Ecuador



Pichincha





Peru



Cusco

Lima





Uruguay



Montevideo

Colonia del Sacramento










Start by Trip Type



Beach Vacations

City Breaks

Countryside

Cruises

Cultural

Exclusive

Featured Destination

Getaways

Guided/Group Tours

Islands

Luxury

Outdoor Adventures

Relaxing

Romance

Wellness





Start by Provider Type



Accommodations

Accommodations Booking Services

Airlines

Association

Attractions

Cruises

Educational

Entertainment

Featured Destination

Government

Ground Transportation

Guided Tours

Health & Fitness

LGBTQ Owned

LGBTQ Sports/Cultural Festivals



Marketing/PR/Advertising

Media Outlets

Medical Tourism

Meeting/Event Planners

Other

Restaurants

Salon & Spas

Shopping/Retail Stores

Theatre/Performing Arts

Tour Operators

Tourism Bureaus

Trains

Travel Agents/Consultants

Travel Insurance

Travel Marketing & Destination Development



Vacation Photography

Weddings





Start with General Resources



Platinum Partners

Gold Partners

Silver Partners

Media Partners

Marketing Partners

Organizational Partners

Event Partners

Featured Destination

Featured Property

Featured Member







Events



Tours



Specials



Partners










Traveler




Business
















IGLTA Partners





Platinum

Gold

Silver

Media

Marketing

Organizational

Event






Delta Air Lines

Delta Air Lines is proud Global partner of IGLTA and congratulates them on their years of service to the LGBT community. Fly Delta to Europe, Latin America, North America, Africa, The Middle East, Australia and Asia.






Hilton

Hilton is dedicated to providing exceptional guest experiences across its global brands: Waldorf Astoria, Conrad Hotels, Hilton, Doubletree, Embassy Suites, Hilton Garden Inn, Hampton Inn & Suites, Homewood Suites, Home2 Suites and Hilton Grand Vacations.








BELMOND

Belmond is a proud partner of IGLTA, offering a range of exceptional travel experiences in welcoming destinations worldwide. The global collection of luxury hotels, trains and river cruises is dedicated to helping LGBT travelers create memorable moments across the globe.






Hyatt Hotels & Resorts

Hyatt is committed to the LGBT community and its allies. In fact, we were honored for the 11th consecutive year as one of the few  “Best Places to Work for LGBT Equality” – a result of our 100 percent rating on the 2015 Corporate Equality Index (CEI) by the Human Rights Campaign (HRC).






MGM Resorts International

MGM Resorts International offers a collection of unique destination resorts designed to provide a total resort experience, including first-class accommodations and dining, world-class entertainment, state-of-the-art meeting and convention facilities, and high-quality retail and gaming experiences.








Atlanta Convention & Visitors Bureau

Welcome to Atlanta
, a world-class, modern city with a rich, passionate history. From world-class attractions to our award-winning cuisine, Atlanta Convention & Visitors Bureau can help you plan your southern getaway to the capital of the New South.






Destination DC

With monuments and memorials and vibrant neighborhoods filled with character and charm, Washington, DC shines as a world-class destination filled with breathtaking views, unique venues, award-winning hotels and hundreds of free things to do.






Italian National Tourist Board

The Italian National Tourist Board is proud and excited to embark on the inaugural collaboration with IGTLA in recognition of the fundamental importance of LGBT travelers for Italy. Italy is known all over the world for being a warm, welcoming and hospitable country.






Melia Hotels International

Meliá Hotels International is Spain's leading hotel company and one of the largest hotel companies in the world, with seven famous brands and more than 370 hotels in 43 countries on 4 continents.






Nice - Office du Tourisme et des Congres

Nice, city of light, authentic and sensual, offers an exceptional setting where lifestyle and party assume full meaning. This notion of light is today in evidence with the label " Nice, a natural iridescence " which resumes the colors of the rainbow, the world symbol of the gay community. Nice...






United Airlines

At United we recognize that one of our greatest assets is our people. The rich diversity of ideas, experiences, cultures, and lifestyles represented by United employees makes it possible for us to give the best possible service to our global customers.








Antivirus Magazine

Antivirus magazine is the oldest and most known greek lgbt press.






blu media network

blu media network is Germanys largest LGBT media network publishing monthly LGBT city magazines in Berlin, Hamburg, Cologne, Munich and Frankfurt and the website www.blu.fm
Mate magazine is Germanys LGBT lifestyle magazine with a focus on travel, design, mobility and fashion.






Edge Media Network

Founded in 2004, the EDGE Media Network delivers news, entertainment, travel, nightlife, business, technology, style and health information to LGBT communities around the United States.






Here Media, Inc.

Here Media, Inc., produces and distributes niche content across all platforms worldwide. Here Media’s iconic brands distribute gay media and world cinema programming with universal, humanistic appeal. Its distribution platforms include television, VOD, broadband, online, print, and mobile. It...






ManAboutWorld

ManAboutWorld is the modern gay travel magazine. Not a website or a printed publication, but an interactive "smart" magazine born digital for smartphones and tablets. Our Global Correspondent team brings the most insightful and trusted recommendations to gay travelers around the world.






OutThere/Travel

OutThere/Travel is the world's leading, award-winning, journal dedicated purely to luxury and experiential travel, for discerning, taste-making gay men and their friends.






Passport Magazine

Passport Magazine is, according to Media Life Magazine, a "gay and lesbian Conde Nast Traveler"; an upscale, well-written and elegant publication that, says Dr. Samir Husni, Dean of Journalism at the University of Mississippi, "laser targets the gay reader".






Pink Banana Media

Online Marketing - Graphics and Web Design - Gay Travel Services - Destination Marketing






Q Magazine

Australia's only monthly A5 online publication for the LGBTQ+ people worldwide. Supporting our community since 2004.






Q.Digital

Q.Digital is the trusted voice in the LGBTQ community reaching more than 7.5 million visitors per month. Q.Digital connects brands to the LGBTQ community through its various properties.






QMagazine

QMagazine is the first and unique italian gay travel & lifestyle magazine. It is distributed in over 800 location in Rome and Milan. Its also available in digital and mobile edition.






Revista ViaG

Brazil is the secound biggest LGBT market of the world. The LGBT tourism segment has a great potencial.The ViaG proposal is to develop a serious and tasteful content, with the main goal to promote gay friendly destinations and breands, and unite people and places all over the world.






Spartacus International Gay Guide

Apart from the listed addresses from 128 countries worldwide—ranging from hotels to clubs and even cruising areas in the local scene, there are 1,300 pages with more than 20,000 listed addresses. The guide also informs the reader about the social and legal situation of gay men in 190 countries.






travAlliancemedia

Our philosophy is simple: We believe that travel is not an off-the-shelf commodity, but rather a highly valuable experience made greater through the guidance and personal touch of a trained professional.






Witeck Communications

Witeck Communications, Inc. is a nationally-recognized strategic communications firm that advises organizations and companies on their marketing, research and media strategies to strengthen reputations, heighten brand awareness and increase market share and revenue.








Expedia

Get the skinny on gay travel! Expedia boasts the best LGBT-welcoming hotels, guides to top gay hotspots, gay hotels, and more. If they're out—they're in our gay travel store. Visit www.expedia.com for LGBT travel information.






Hotels.com

Hotels.com is proud to partner with the IGLTA. Try our gay-friendly filter when searching for hotels in your favorite destination, or browse our featured properties on our LGBT landing page!






Orbitz

Orbitz is even more than one of the world's leading travel sites—it’s also a proud champion of the LGBT community, and has been an award-winning ally since 2001.






TripAdvisor










ABT LGBT

Founded in 2004, ABT LGBT has over 200 associates hailing from Brazil and the neighboring countries. The non-profit Association hosts special conferences, trade shows, and workshops for organizations interested in providing services for LGBT travelers.






American Society of Travel Agents

ASTA (American Society of Travel Agents) is the world's largest association of travel professionals. The mission of ASTA and its affiliated organizations is to facilitate the business of selling travel through effective representation, shared knowledge and the enhancement of professionalism.






Associazione Italiana Turismo Gay & Lesbian

AITGL is the Italian Gay and Lesbian Tourism Association that promote and represent the gay tourism market in Italy.






Camara De Comercio Diversa Costa Rica

We are a private non-profit association formed by young entrepreneurs with a business vision that seeks to promote economic, cultural, professional affiliates and the country in general and trade in particular defend the commercial interests development,






Canadian Gay & Lesbian Chamber of Commerce

Canada’s LGBT Chamber of Commerce






CCGLAR

With the objectives of designing strategies together, empowering and promoting tourism to our country.






CCLGBT Chile

CCLGBT Chile stands for Economical Empowerment within the Chilean LGBT community






CCLGBTB

The Brazilian Bisexual and Transgender Gay Lesbian Chamber of Commerce - CCLGBTB






CCNLGBTU

Uruguay, a country constantly growing and developing, with a population of approximately 3.5 million inhabitants, offers visitors a range of services which are always improving.






Colombian LGBT Chamber of Commerce - CCLGBTco

CCLGBTco is the Official LGBT Chamber of Commerce from Colombia. 
Founded in 2012 with the support of the US Embassy, we provide services to LGBT owned Businesses to support their growth as well as advisory services to major corporations which want to approach the LGBT market within our country.






Community Marketing, Inc.

LGBT tourism specialists: Since 1992, Community Marketing & Insights has been helping CVBs, DMOs, tourism offices, hospitality groups and other travel industry leaders throughout the world reach the LGBT communities through dedicated market research, communications and training.






Destination International

Destinations International is about serving destination marketing professionals first and foremost. It it represents a powerful forward-thinking, collaborative association; exchanging bold ideas, connecting innovative people, and elevating tourism to its highest potential.






ECPAT

ECPAT International is a global network of organisations working together for the elimination of child prostitution, child pornography and the trafficking of children for sexual purposes.






ETC

The European Travel Commission (ETC) is the non-profit organisation responsible for the promotion of Europe as a tourist destination in third markets. Our 32 member National Tourism Organisations work together to build the value of tourism to all the countries of Europe.






European Tourism Association

ETOA is the member supported trade association for tour operators with business in European destinations and their suppliers. 
Offering an outstanding platform to meet and engage with over 700 member companies, including 200 international operators bringing visitors from worldwide markets.






FME-LGBT Mexico Chamber of Commerce

We work for the economic empowerment of the LGBT community.






Forum de Empresas LGBT

reated in March 2013, the Forum is an informal organization that brings together large companies around the commitment to respect and promote the human rights of lesbian, gay, bisexual, transvestite and transgender people and aims to influence business and society Regarding this theme.






Gay and Lesbian Tourism Australia

Gay and Lesbian Tourism Australia (GALTA) is a network of tourism professionals, travel agents, tour operators, hotels and the like, dedicated to the promotion of gay and lesbian tourism to and within Australia.






IGLTA Foundation

The IGLTA Foundation use the power of LGBT travel to build bridges with communities worldwide. Those bridges, in turn, enable understanding, awareness and commerce to flourish in diverse communities around the globe.






National Gay & Lesbian Chamber of Commerce NGLCC

The NGLCC is the business voice of the LGBT community and is the largest global not-for-profit advocacy organization dedicated to expanding economic opportunities and advancements for LGBT people.






National Lesbian & Gay Journalist Association

Founded in 1990, NLGJA is an organization of journalists, media professionals, educators and students that works within the news industry to foster fair and accurate coverage of LGBT issues. NLGJA opposes all forms of workplace bias and provides professional development to its members.






NTA

NTA is the leading association for professionals serving travelers to, from and within North America. Since its founding in 1951, the association has served a broad and diverse membership, including tour operators, tour suppliers, destination marketing organizations and travel agents. NTAonline.com






Out & Equal

Out & Equal is committed to creating safe and equitable workplace environments for lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender employees. We believe that people should be judged by the work they do, not by their sexual orientation or gender identity.






Pacific Asia Travel Association (PATA)

The Pacific Asia Travel Association (PATA) is a membership association acting as a catalyst for the responsible development of the Asia Pacific travel and tourism industry.






Travel Gay Canada

Travel Gay Canada is Canada's LGBT Tourism Industry Association working with our members to promote travel to and within Canada and make Canada a favorite LGBT Destination.






UN World Tourism Organization

The UN World Tourism Organization is a specialized agency of the United Nations and the leading international organization in the field of tourism. It serves as a global forum for tourism policy issues and a practical source of tourism know-how.








ELLA INTERNATIONAL LESBIAN FESTIVAL

Welcome to the sixth edition of the ELLA Festival, a culture, music, art and sports Festival thought for the modern LGTB woman in the gorgeous island of Mallorca!

August 30 - Sept 6 2018






Federation of Gay Games

We are athletes, artists and activists, united to support the “Games that Change the World”






FITUR LGBT

We are pleased to announce the second edition of FITUR LGBT in the wake of the positive results achieved by the first event. This exhibition area of the fair came about with the objective of publicizing the important gay segment.






GNetwork360

Staged annually in Buenos Aires, GNETWORK360 is a three day business to business event. More than nine hundred attendees join together to share information, workshops, presentations, panel discussions, and learn about business opportunities within the GLBT niche market.






ITB Berlin

Welcome to the World’s Leading Travel Trade Show






Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras

Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras is an all-embracing festival full of electric, eccentric and eclectic events, every one of them celebrating the power and beauty of diversity. It incorporates the famous nighttime Parade that literally stops the city for a night, plus around 100 other events.






TBEX

TBEX is the largest conference and networking event for travel bloggers, online travel journalists, new media content creators, travel brands and industry professionals. .






World Travel Market Latin America

World Travel Market delivers the leading global events for the travel industry. One of six shows in the WTM portfolio, 2018 will be the sixth edition of our Latin America show bringing our global event and expertise to this region.






WTM

WTM London is the leading global event for the travel industry to meet industry professionals and conduct business. Through its industry networks, unrivaled global reach, WTM London creates personal and business opportunities, providing customers with quality contacts, content and communities.






WTM Africa

World Travel Market Africa is the leading B2B exhibition for Africa’s leisure travel industry. WTM Africa is the only trade show of its kind to cater to inbound and outbound buyers and partners. WTM Africa will take place from 15-17th of April 2015 at the CTICC. wtmafrica.com









The IGLTA Foundation

Learn More Here







LGBTQ Travelers: Your Global Journey Starts Here.

IGLTA - The International Gay & Lesbian Travel Association is the world's leading global travel network dedicated to connecting and educating LGBT travelers and the businesses that welcome and support them along the way. Whether it's for individual, group, corporate, or student travel, we have affiliates in the world's most sought after locations offering the most competitive packages for your perfect getaway.

Learn More About IGLTA




Register For A Membership.




Are you Traveling?

Sign up for our twice monthly travel newsletter and get access to planning tools, the latest LGBTQ travel news plus discover tours, events and specials from IGLTA members and partners.



Sign Up Now


Have A Question?
Contact us here.





Are You A Business?

Get access to a global network of successful businesses supporting LGBT tourism and an international database of LGBT travelers.



Join Now

Benefits of Membership

About IGLTA








The IGLTA Foundation

Learn More Here






+ Connect

with IGLTA

Facebook

Twitter

Foursquare










The International Gay & Lesbian Travel Association
IGLTA is a proud affiliate member of the UN World Tourism Organization
© 2015 IGLTA, Inc. All Rights Reserved.


1201 NE 26th Street Suite 103
Fort Lauderdale, FL 33305
United States
+1.954.630.1637
Phone
+1.954.630.1652
Fax

Contact Us
Travel Newsletter


About IGLTA


Media & News


Consumer Marketing


Marketing Opportunities


IGLTA Staff


Feedback


Sitemap


Privacy Policy


IGLTA Foundation


Annual Convention


Research








Sign Up for our eNewsletter


Get the latest LGBTQ travel news plus discover tours, events and specials.


Sign Up Now



















