
Sona Tours Pick Up Points





















usa@sonatours.co.uk


+1 (866) 9973360




info@sonatours.co.uk


+44 (0) 2089510111







Home
|

Contact Us





User Login
|

Agent Login












×
Close





User Login


User Name:




Password:






* Password Is Case Sensitive


Login





Close



















MENU


Group Tours


UK Coach Tours

Europe By Coach Tours

Europe By Flight Tours

Asia Tours

Africa Tours

Australasia Tours

Middle East Tours

Central & South America Tours

North America & Canada Tours

Cruise Tours

India Tours



Customise Tours


Elite and VIP Service

Sona MICE



How To Book


Steps to Book

Our General Information

Terms and Conditions



Pick up points

Our Services


Food

Hotels

Ground Transportation

Optional Sightseeing

Tour Directors



Visas


Shengen Visa

Other Country Visa
















Terms and Conditions














Tour Search

































Booking Terms and Conditions


We accept your booking on the basis of the terms and Conditions below, which are
                                        designed to clarify the contractual obligation between us. It is important that
                                        you read these conditions together with the holiday and insurance information pages,
                                        as they not only define our obligation to you but also impose some important commitments
                                        upon you. Your contract is with Sona Tours Ltd. In these booking conditions, “you”
                                        and “your” means all persons named on the booking (including anyone who is added
                                        or substituted at a later date). “We”, “us” and “our” means Sona Tours Ltd.




Your contract with us





1. Your Booking:


When making a booking you must complete and sign the booking form enclosed with
                                        this brochure or on our website. Once accepted, a contract will exist as soon as
                                        we issue our confirmation invoice. Once you have received your confirmation invoice,
                                        it is your responsibility to check that the information and booking details, including
                                        the spelling of all passenger names, as stated on your invoice are correct.

We regret we cannot accept any liability if we are not notified of any errors (by
                                        us) in any document within five days of our sending it out. We will do our best
                                        to rectify any mistake notified to us outside these time limits but you must meet
                                        any costs involved in doing so. The only exception to this requirement to meet costs
                                        is where the mistake in question was made by us and there is good reason why you
                                        did not tell us about it within these time limits. We reserve the right to refuse
                                        to accept and/or not proceed with any booking at any time at our sole discretion.
                                        The contract is based on the information given on our website and in our brochure,
                                        and the terms laid out in the following Booking Conditions.

a) When you purchase a package that includes a flight, all monies you pay to the
                                        travel agent are held by him on behalf and for the benefit of the Trustees of the
                                        Air Travel Trust at all times. This is subject to the agent’s obligation to pay
                                        it to us for so long as we do not fail. If we fail, any money held at that time
                                        by the agent, or subsequently accepted from you by him, is and continues to be held
                                        on behalf of and for the benefit of the Trustees of the Air Travel Trust without
                                        any obligation to pay that money to us. However, when you purchase a package that
                                        does not include flights all monies you pay to the travel agent are held by him
                                        on our behalf at all times.

b) All contracts between Sona Tours Limited and its clients are made on the terms
                                        of these booking conditions which are governed by English Law and both parties shall
                                        submit to the jurisdiction of English Courts at all times unless the holiday was
                                        booked in Scotland or Northern Ireland.

N.B: We can only accept a booking if the lead name is a minimum of 18 years on or
                                        before the date of departure. If under 18 years at the time of the booking, the
                                        written consent of a parent or guardian is required.




2. Your Payment


Your Confirmation of Reservation includes an invoice showing the deposit paid and
                                        the balance due (including any surcharges referred to in ‘our contract with you’
                                        clause 10). The outstanding amount must be paid by the due date. Should we not receive
                                        payment by this date we reserve the right to treat your booking as cancelled, in
                                        which case you could be liable to pay cancellation charges according to the scale
                                        set out in Clause 4 below. Please note transaction charge varies for different credit
                                        and debit cards and this will be advised to you at time of payment.





Holiday Types

% Deposit payable of holiday cost

Balance due for deposit prior to departure

% final payment of holiday cost

Balance due for final payment prior to departure





Coach Tours

30% of holiday cost

42 days / 6 weeks

100%

28 days / 4 weeks



Europe Flight Tours

30% of holiday cost

56 days / 8 weeks

100%

42 days / 6 weeks



International Flight Tours

50% of holiday cost

84 days / 12 weeks

100%

56 days / 8 weeks



Cruise Tours

50% of holiday cost

119 days / 17 weeks

100%

91 days / 13 weeks





If you make a booking after the date on which the final balance of the holiday is
                                        due, full payment will be required at time of booking.

If the deposit and/or balance are not paid in time, we reserve the right to cancel
                                        your travel arrangements. If the balance is not paid in time, we shall retain your
                                        deposit. All monies you pay to the travel agent are held by them on your behalf
                                        until we issue our confirmation invoice. After this the travel agent holds the monies
                                        on our behalf. In line with most major operators we make a charge for balances paid
                                        by credit/debit cards as this reflects the charges levied on us by card companies
                                        Clause 2 above.

It is your responsibility to remember to pay the balance; if you do not pay the
                                        balance by due date then we may cancel your holiday and apply the cancellation charges
                                        as set out in Clause 4 below.

N.B. (i)The person making the on-line booking does so on behalf of all persons named
                                        on it, and he/she becomes directly responsible to the Company for the payment of
                                        the total holiday price and if applicable, and where appropriate, for the cancellation
                                        charges and disbursements of any funds.

(ii) If any cheque payment from a client is dishonoured, we reserve the right to
                                        treat your booking as cancellation by the client and if such booking is reinstated
                                        at our discretion, any bank charges incurred to be added to the holiday.




Low deposit scheme


On selected Coach tours, Europe by Flight tours, International Tours or Cruise tours,
                                        you may be offered the option to pay a Low or Reduced Deposit (referred to in these
                                        conditions as a “Low Deposit”).

Where you choose this option, the following terms and conditions apply. Making a
                                        Low Deposit payment shall mean you (the Lead Name on the booking) have accepted
                                        these conditions for yourself and each member of your party. The Low Deposit is
                                        an amount lower than the full deposit of the tour cost. The full deposit is the
                                        tour operator’s standard deposit amount and is the minimum amount you must pay if
                                        you cancel your booking. If you cancel your holiday booking before your departure
                                        date, you agree to pay a cancellation charge as shown on clause 4 – Your cancellation.

Even if you cancel your booking prior to the date on which the remainder of the
                                        Full Deposit must be paid, you will still be liable to pay the remainder of the
                                        Full Deposit (because a cancellation charge equal to the Full Deposit amount is
                                        the minimum cancellation fee that will apply), and payment of that sum will become
                                        due immediately when you instruct us to cancel your booking. If you fail to pay
                                        the remainder of the Full Deposit by the due date, we will be entitled to cancel
                                        your booking and you will then be liable to pay the remainder of the Full Deposit
                                        to us.

You agree to pay, the difference between the Low Deposit and the Full Deposit (shown
                                        below), followed by the remaining balance of your holiday.

The current Low Deposit and Full Deposit amounts payable are shown below. (These
                                        amounts can change so if you’ve previously booked please check your documentation
                                        for the amounts payable or with the office).


Europe by Coach
: Low Deposit: of £50 per person (Full Deposit
                                        of 30% before 42 days / 6 weeks and remaining balance by 28th day / 4 weeks before
                                        tour departs)


Europe by Flight
: Low Deposit: of £50 per person (Full Deposit
                                        of 50% before 56 days / 8 weeks and remaining balance by 42nd day / 6 weeks before
                                        tour departs)


International Tours Low Deposit
: of £500 per person (Full Deposit
                                        of 50% before 84 days / 12 weeks and remaining balance by 56th day / 8 weeks before
                                        tour departs)


Cruise Tours: Low Deposit
: of £500 per person (Full Deposit of
                                        50% before 119 days / 17 weeks and remaining balance by 91st day / 13 weeks before
                                        tour departs)






3. Your Alterations



Once a contract exists between us, you may wish to change your travel arrangements.
                                            For example, your chosen dates of travel, accommodation etc. and we will do our
                                            utmost to make these changes but it may not always be possible. Any request for
                                            changes to be made must be from the person who made the booking or your travel agent.
                                            You will be asked to pay an administration charge of £30 per booking and any further
                                            cost we may incur in making this alteration. You should be aware that these costs
                                            could increase the closer to the departure date that changes are made and you should
                                            therefore contact us as soon as possible. All amendments must be notified to us
                                            in writing, or by e-mail to info@sonatours.co.uk, by the person who made the original
                                            booking. (We can only allow a maximum of two amendments to an individual booking).


N.B: Certain travel arrangements (e.g. Apex / No frills airlines Tickets) may not
                                    be changeable after a reservation has been made and any alteration request could
                                    incur a cancellation charge of up to 100% of that part of the arrangements.



4. Your Cancellation


You or any member of your party may cancel your booking or part of it once it has
                                        been confirmed but the cancellation will only be valid if made in writing direct
                                        to the Company. If the cancellation results in a person travelling alone, a single
                                        room supplement is payable. The amount payable on cancellation depends upon when
                                        we receive your written instructions the more notice you give, the less we will
                                        charge. The different periods before departure date within which written instructions
                                        are received by Sona Tours Ltd. and amounts of cancellation charged in each period
                                        (shown as a percentage of the total holiday price excluding insurance premium which
                                        is not refundable) are as follows:





NOTICE OF
DAYS FOR CANCELLATION

FOR COACH TOURS - YOUR COST





More than 28 days

30% of total holiday cost



27 – 14 days

75% of total holiday cost



13 - 0 days

100% of total holiday cost









NOTICE OF
DAYS FOR CANCELLATION

FOR EUROPE FLIGHT TOURS - YOUR COST





More than 42 days

50% of total holiday cost



41 – 28 days

75% of total holiday cost



27 - 0 days

100% of total holiday cost









NOTICE OF
DAYS FOR CANCELLATION

FOR INTERNATIONAL FLIGHT TOURS - YOUR COST





More than 56 days

50% of total holiday cost



55 – 42 days

75% of total holiday cost



41 - 0 days

100% of total holiday cost









NOTICE OF
DAYS FOR CANCELLATION

FOR CRUISE TOURS - YOUR COST





More than 91 days

50% of total holiday cost



90 – 70 days

75% of total holiday cost



69 - 0 days

100% of total holiday cost





Depending on the type of holiday you have chosen or the season that you are travelling
                                        there may be a variation to these cancellation charges. These will be advised to
                                        you at the time you book your holiday and detailed on your confirmation.

N.B.(i) If any member of your party is prevented from travelling, the person(s)
                                        concerned may transfer their place to someone else (introduced by you) providing
                                        we are notified not less than 14 days before departure. Where a transfer to a person
                                        of your choice can be made or is possible, then all costs and charges incurred by
                                        us and/or incurred or imposed by any of our suppliers as a result together with
                                        an amendment fee as shown in the table above (per person) and the balance of the
                                        holiday cost if due but not paid, must be paid before the transfer can be effected.

(ii) If the reason for your cancellation is covered under the terms of your insurance
                                        policy, you may be able to reclaim these charges.

(iii) If one person sharing a twin/double or triple room should cancel, the remaining
                                        participants would then be required to pay the relevant single supplement or forfeit
                                        the triple reduction.

(iv)Cancellation policy also apply if a) tour participant cannot adhere to the tour
                                        payment schedule set out above, b) in the event that his/her visas for any country(ies)
                                        are not granted or c) In the event that any tour participant is unable to travel
                                        for any reason whatsoever, including medical grounds.

(v) All Special Offers including Early birds will have different booking, payment
                                        and cancellation procedures, our office will inform you of this at time of booking
                                        or you will be able to fi nd it on our website.




5. Your Special Request


If you have any special request, you must advise us at the time of booking. Although
                                        we will endeavour to pass any reasonable requests on to the relevant supplier, we
                                        regret we cannot guarantee any request will be met. Failure to meet any special
                                        request will not be a breach of contract on our part. Confirmation that a special
                                        request has been noted or passed on to the supplier or the inclusion of the special
                                        request on your confirmation or invoice or any other documentation is not confirmation
                                        that the request will be met. Unless and until specifically confirmed in writing,
                                        all special requests are subject to availability. We regret we cannot accept any
                                        conditional bookings, i.e. any booking which is specified to be conditional on the
                                        fulfilment of a particular request. All such bookings will be treated as “standard”
                                        bookings subject to the above provisions on special requests.

N.B (i) there are of course only a limited number of front seats on coaches, low
                                        floor rooms in hotels etc. We cannot guarantee to meet all requests but will do
                                        our best to oblige.

(ii) Requests for a twin or double bed should be made clearly; otherwise it will
                                        be assumed that either type is suitable. Three or four bedded rooms are normally
                                        twin or double rooms plus an extra bed/folding beds, which may not be suitable for
                                        an adult and space will be inevitably be restricted.




6. Your Fitness to Travel


We strive to give all our customers full care and attention, but we do need to know
                                        at the time of booking if there are any special needs or requirements. Should any
                                        member of your party suffer from any disability or medical condition that may affect
                                        their holiday, you must provide full details before booking so that we can advise
                                        as to the suitability of the chosen arrangements. Full details must also be confirmed
                                        in writing at the time of booking and in the event of any change in the disability
                                        or medical condition. At the same time, you must also provide written confirmation
                                        that any assistance the person concerned requires will be provided by other members
                                        of the same party, as outside assistance will not be provided. If we reasonably
                                        feel unable to properly accommodate the particular needs of the person concerned,
                                        we will not confirm the booking in writing. If you have suffered from a serious
                                        medical condition recently, then you should consult with your Doctor about your
                                        fitness to travel.




7. Your Complaints


In the unlikely event that you have problems whilst on holiday; you MUST report
                                        the matter to the hotel or our representative IMMEDIATELY during your holiday. If
                                        the matter is not then satisfactorily resolved, you must then follow up any complaint
                                        in writing within 28 days of your return, including a copy of any original report
                                        given to the hotel or the representative. We operate a strict code of conduct which
                                        also conforms to European regulations on package travel and take any complaints
                                        received seriously. However, to be fair to all concerned, failure to follow
                                        above procedure may affect your claim.




8.Your Travelling Conditions


Where as part of the holiday you have booked your travel by air, land or sea, such
                                        travel will be subject to the terms and conditions of carriage of the airline, shipping,
                                        rail or coach company providing the transport. In most cases, the conditions will
                                        limit the carrier’s liability to you in accordance with international law. Should
                                        anyone be refused admission to the coach, ferry or flight or to the destination
                                        country by the transport or government authority, then we are powerless to assist
                                        and cannot be held responsible. This includes any passenger who fails to advise
                                        us of any medical condition or disability. If you are prevented from travelling
                                        as a result, our responsibility for your holiday thereupon ceases. Full cancellation
                                        charges will apply and we will be under no obligation whatsoever for any refund,
                                        compensation or loss you may incur.






Our contract with you





9. Our Confirmation of Reservation


When we have received your booking and deposit we will send you a Confirmation of
                                        Reservation which details exactly what is booked for you. From this moment Sona
                                        Tours Ltd has accepted your booking on the terms set out in this Contract.




10. Our Price of Your Holiday


Changes in transportation costs, including the cost of fuel, duties, taxes or fees
                                        chargeable for services and exchange rates, mean that the price of your travel arrangements
                                        may change after you have booked. However, there will be no change within 30 days
                                        of your departure. We will absorb this and you will not be charged for any increase
                                        equivalent to 2% of the price of your travel arrangements, which excludes insurance
                                        premiums and any amendment charges. You will only be charged if the amount is over
                                        2%. If the increase goes over 10% of your travel arrangements, you will have the
                                        option of accepting a change to another holiday, if we are able to offer one (if
                                        this is of equivalent or higher quality you will not have to pay more but if it
                                        is of lower quality you will be refunded the difference in price), or cancelling
                                        and receiving a full refund of all monies paid for the holiday, except for any amendment
                                        charges that you may have made or personal expenses incurred.

Should the price of your holiday go down due to the changes mentioned above, by
                                        more than 2% of your holiday cost, then any refund due will be paid to you. However,
                                        please note that travel arrangements are not always purchased in local currency
                                        and some apparent changes have no impact on the price of your travel due to contractual
                                        and other protection in place. Information provided within this brochure is factually
                                        accurate at the time of print. We have tried our best to provide an accurate description
                                        of all the services, amenities, exchange rates and places of interest within this
                                        brochure. However, circumstances can change which are beyond our control and thus
                                        we cannot take responsibility for the same.

N.B: Booking made less than 30 days may be higher than brochure price, this is because
                                        we have to renegotiate hotels rooms, all tours and travel and the price for each
                                        element may have increased .We will advise you at time of booking of any increased
                                        cost.




11. Our System Errors


In the event of your Confirmation of Reservation showing an incorrect price for
                                        your holiday, the price that will prevail is the price shown in our reservation
                                        system. Accordingly, you may not seek to rely on system errors with a view to obtaining
                                        a holiday at less than the correct price, and any contract entered into upon a mistake,
                                        such as a wrong costing due to system errors, is not valid or binding.




12. Our Alterations or Cancellations


On occasion, it may be necessary to change the arrangements you have selected and
                                        we reserve the right to do so at any time. Your tour holiday is planned many months
                                        in advance and it is possible that we may need to change parts of your holiday or
                                        correct errors.

(a) If we make a minor change to your holiday e.g. (except as set out below) a change
                                        to travel time, a change to your seat number, a change to departure and return point
                                        within London Airports (Heathrow/Gatwick/ City/Luton/Stansted), change in accommodation
                                        or a change of advertised tour itinerary where the change is not a significant change,
                                        we will try to notify you of this before departure but you will not be entitled
                                        to any compensation as a result of such a minor change.

(b) If we make a significant change to your holiday before departure e.g. change
                                        to UK airport unless we change from one recognised London airport Gatwick, Heathrow,
                                        Luton, City or Stansted to another, time of departure or return of more than 12
                                        hours or a change to lower quality accommodation or a significant change to the
                                        itinerary or cancel before departure then you will be offered the following options:

(i) accepting the changed arrangement as notified to you;

(ii) or purchasing another available holiday from The Company. If it is more expensive
                                        you will have to pay the difference, but if it is cheaper then we will refund you
                                        the difference;

(iii) or cancelling your holiday and receiving a full refund of all money that you
                                        have paid us.

(c) In order for us to run each holiday, there must be a minimum number of passengers
                                        who wish to travel. If the minimum number of passengers is not achieved on the holiday,
                                        then we may cancel it provided that we send you or your Travel Agent notice of the
                                        cancellation no later than the days of final payment is due prior to departure (minimum
                                        of 28 days for Coach Tours, 42 days for Europe Flight Tours, 56 days for International
                                        Flight Tours and 91 days for Cruise tours before departure). In that case, we shall
                                        refund all the monies that you have paid us in respect of the holiday. In this situation,
                                        if possible, we will endeavour to offer you the same holidays on an alternate day
                                        or offer a similar alternative holiday.

(d) Force Majeure: This means that we will not pay you compensation if we have to
                                        cancel or change your travel arrangements in any way because unforeseeable circumstances
                                        beyond our control. These can include, e.g. war, riot, industrial dispute, terrorist
                                        activity and its consequences, natural or nuclear disaster, fi re, adverse weather
                                        conditions, airport closure, political unrest or similar events beyond our control.




13. Our Right of Refusal


We may refuse to accept a booking or terminate your holiday in the following circumstances:

(a) if you fail to advise us in writing at, (or promptly after) the time of booking
                                        of any relevant medical condition or disability from which you suffer and for which
                                        you seek special assistance or attention from us or our suppliers;

(b) If, during the course of the holiday, we reasonably consider that you are unable
                                        to cope with the demands of the holiday;

(c) If you act unreasonably and we reasonably consider that your actions or behaviour
                                        are likely to cause distress, damage, danger or annoyance to our customers, employees
                                        or third parties or to the property of any person. If you are prevented from travelling
                                        or from completing your holiday in the circumstances set out in clause 13 our responsibility
                                        to you for your holiday will cease when we terminate the holiday.

You will not be entitled to any refund where we terminate your holiday in the circumstances
                                        set out in this clause and we will not be liable to pay any compensation to you
                                        as a result of terminating your holiday.




14. Our Complaints and Dispute Procedures


a) We do our best to give passengers travelling on our holidays an enjoyable; trouble
                                        free holiday, but occasionally plans do go wrong. If you have any complaint, please
                                        share it with your tour manager as soon as possible who will endeavour to resolve
                                        the matter. You must also report it to the supplier of the service(s) in question
                                        immediately, who will endeavour to put things right. If the situation is not resolved
                                        to your satisfaction, then you must notify the company within 28 days of the end
                                        of your holiday in writing. It is strongly recommended that you communicate any
                                        complaint to the supplier of the services in question as well as to our representative
                                        without delay and complete a report form whilst in resort. If you fail to follow
                                        this simple procedure, we will have been deprived of the opportunity to investigate
                                        and rectify your complaint whilst you were in resort and this may affect your rights
                                        under this contract. Please also see clause 16 on ABTA.

b) We both agree that English Law (and no other) will apply to your contract and
                                        to any dispute, claim or other matter of any description which arises between us
                                        (except as set out below). We both also agree that any dispute, claim or other matter
                                        of any description (and whether or not involving any personal injury) which arises
                                        between us must be dealt with by the Courts of England and Wales only unless, in
                                        the case of Court proceedings, you live in Scotland or Northern Ireland. In this
                                        case, proceedings must either be brought in the Courts of your home country or those
                                        of England and Wales. If proceedings are brought in Scotland or Northern Ireland,
                                        you may choose to have your contract and any dispute, claim or other matter of any
                                        description which arises between us governed by the law of Scotland/Northern Ireland
                                        as applicable (but if you do not so choose, English law will apply).




15. Our Responsibility


a) We promise to make sure that the holiday arrangements we have agreed to make,
                                        perform or provide as applicable as part of our contract with you are made, performed
                                        or provided with reasonable skill and care. This means that, subject to these booking
                                        conditions, we will only accept responsibility if, for example, you suffer death
                                        or personal injury or your contracted holiday arrangements are not provided as promised
                                        or prove deficient as a result of the failure of ourselves, our employees, agents
                                        or suppliers to use reasonable skill and care in making, performing or providing,
                                        as applicable, your contracted holiday arrangements. Please note it is your responsibility
                                        to show that reasonable skill and care has not been used if you wish to make a claim
                                        against us. In addition, we will only be responsible for what our employees, agents
                                        and suppliers do or do not do if they were at the time acting within the course
                                        of their employment (for employees) or carrying out work we had asked them to do
                                        (for agents and suppliers).

b) We will not be responsible for any injury, illness, death, loss (for example
                                        loss of enjoyment), damage, expense, cost or other sum or claim of any description
                                        whatsoever which results from any of the following: -
i. the act(s) and/or omission(s) of the person(s) affected or any member(s) of their
                                        party or
ii. the act(s) and/or omission(s) of a third party not connected with the provision
                                        of your holiday and which were unforeseeable or unavoidable or ‘force majeure’ as
                                        defined in clause 12d above.

c) Please note, we cannot accept responsibility for any services which do not form
                                        part of our contract. This includes, for example, any additional services or facilities
                                        which your hotel or any other supplier agrees to provide for you where the services
                                        or facilities are not advertised in our brochure and we have not agreed to arrange
                                        them and any excursion you purchase in resort. During your holiday your driver tour
                                        leader, guide, hotel or other service providers may offer services or excursions
                                        which are not included in the price of your holiday or listed in our brochure. Since
                                        they do not form part of your contract with us, we do not accept any responsibility
                                        for their cancellation or curtailment or for any loss damage injury or death that
                                        you may suffer. In addition, regardless of any wording used by us on our website,
                                        in any of our brochures or elsewhere, we only promise to use reasonable skill and
                                        care as set out above and we do not have any greater or different liability to you.

d) The promises we make to you about the services we have agreed to provide or arrange
                                        as part of our contract - and the laws and regulations of the country in which your
                                        claim or complaint occurred - will be used as the basis for deciding whether the
                                        services in question had been properly provided. If the particular services which
                                        gave rise to the claim or complaint complied with local laws and regulations applicable
                                        to those services at the time, the services will be treated as having been properly
                                        provided. This will be the case even if the services did not comply with the laws
                                        and regulations of the UK which would have applied had those services been provided
                                        in the UK. The exception to this is where the claim or complaint concerns the absence
                                        of a safety feature which might lead a reasonable holiday maker to refuse to take
                                        the holiday in question.

e) As set out in these booking conditions we limit the maximum amount we may have
                                        to pay you for any claims you may make against us. Where we are found liable for
                                        loss of and/or damage to any luggage or personal possessions (including money),
                                        the maximum amount we will have to pay you is £50 per person affected unless a lower
                                        limitation applies to your claim under this clause or clause 15(f) below. For all
                                        other claims which do not involve death or personal injury, if we are found liable
                                        to you on any basis the maximum amount we will have to pay you is refund of your
                                        holiday cost, the limit must be no more than 2 times the value of the original cost
                                        of travel arrangements (excluding insurance premiums and amendment charges) paid
                                        by or on behalf of the person(s) affected in total unless a lower limitation applies
                                        to your claim under clause 15(f) below. This maximum amount will only be payable
                                        where everything has gone wrong and you have not received any benefit at all from
                                        your holiday.

f) Where any claim or part of a claim (including those involving death or personal
                                        injury) concerns or is based on any travel arrangements (including the process of
                                        getting on and/or off the transport concerned) provided by any air, sea, rail or
                                        road carrier or any stay in a hotel, the maximum amount of compensation we will
                                        have to pay you will be limited. The most we will have to pay you for that claim
                                        or that part of a claim if we are found liable to you on any basis is the most the
                                        carrier or hotel keeper concerned would have to pay under the international convention
                                        or regulation which applies to the travel arrangements or hotel stay in question
                                        (for example, the Warsaw Convention as amended or non-amended and the Montreal Convention
                                        for international travel by air and/ or for airlines with an operating licence granted
                                        by an EU country, the EC Regulation on Air Carrier Liability No 889/2002 for national
                                        and international travel by air], the Athens convention for international travel
                                        by sea). Please note: Where a carrier or hotel would not be obliged to make any
                                        payment to you under the applicable International Convention or Regulation in respect
                                        of a claim or part of a claim, we similarly are not obliged to make a payment to
                                        you for that claim or part of the claim. When making any payment, we are entitled
                                        to deduct any money which you have received or are entitled to receive from the
                                        transport provider or hotelier for the complaint or claim in question. Copies of
                                        the applicable International Conventions and Regulations are available from us on
                                        request.

g) We cannot accept any liability for any damage, loss, expense or other sum(s)
                                        of any description
(i) which on the basis of the information given to us by you concerning your booking
                                        prior to our accepting it, we could not have foreseen you would suffer or incur
                                        if we breached our contract with you or
(ii) which did not result from any breach of contract or other fault by ourselves
                                        or our employees or, where we are responsible for them, our suppliers. Additionally,
                                        we cannot accept liability for any business losses.






16. Financial Security


We provide full financial protection for our package holidays. When you buy an ATOL
                                        protected flight or flight inclusive holiday from Sona Tours Ltd you will receive
                                        an ATOL Certificate (or via our authorised agent through which you booked). This
                                        lists what is financially protected, where you can get information on what this
                                        means for you and who to contact if things go wrong.
We, or the suppliers identified on your ATOL Certificate, will provide you with
                                        the services listed on the ATOL Certificate (or a suitable alternative). In some
                                        cases, where neither we nor the supplier are able to do so for reasons of insolvency,
                                        an alternative ATOL holder may provide you with the services you have bought or
                                        a suitable alternative (at no extra cost to you). You agree to accept that in those
                                        circumstances the alternative ATOL holder will perform those obligations and you
                                        agree to pay any money outstanding to be paid by you under your contract to that
                                        alternative ATOL holder. However, you also agree that in some cases it will not
                                        be possible to appoint an alternative ATOL holder, in which case you will be entitled
                                        to make a claim under the ATOL scheme (or your credit card issuer where applicable).
If we, or the suppliers identified on your ATOL certificate, are unable to provide
                                        the services listed (or a suitable alternative, through an alternative ATOL holder
                                        or otherwise) for reasons of insolvency, the Trustees of the Air Travel Trust may
                                        make a payment to (or confer a benefit on) you under the ATOL scheme. You agree
                                        that in return for such a payment or benefit you assign absolutely to those Trustees
                                        any claims which you have or may have arising out of or relating to the non-provision
                                        of the services, including any claim against us, the travel agent (or your credit
                                        card issuer where applicable). You also agree that any such claims may be re-assigned
                                        to another body, if that other body has paid sums you have claimed under the ATOL
                                        scheme."
For further information, visit the ATOL website at
www.atol.org.uk
. When you buy a package holiday that
                                        doesn't include a flight, protection is provided by way of a bond held by ABTA.

ABTA: We are a Member of ABTA, membership number Y3020. We are obliged to maintain
                                        a high standard of service to you by ABTA’s Code of Conduct. We can also offer you
                                        ABTA’s scheme for the resolution of disputes which is approved by the Chartered
                                        Trading Standards Institute. If we can’t resolve your complaint, go to www.abta.com
                                        to use ABTA’s simple procedure. Further information on the Code and ABTA’s assistance
                                        in resolving disputes can be found on
www.abta.com
.




Important Information





17. The Booking Form


Providing clear, correct information when making your booking is essential, for
                                        it is from this information that we make your reservation and our contract with
                                        you. The person, to whom all correspondence, invoices and joining instructions are
                                        to be sent, should be entered as the fi rst name on the Personal Details booking
                                        page. It is also their address and telephone number(s) that should be shown and
                                        it must be they who accept these Terms and Conditions before completing an on-line
                                        booking. Other names are required by airlines, insurance companies, hoteliers etc.,
                                        so please be accurate. For foreign holidays, it is essential that these names match
                                        those on the passports. If any member of your party, e.g. newlyweds, changes their
                                        name between booking this holiday and travelling, it is important to enter the details
                                        for the date of travel on the Personal Details booking page so that we can issue
                                        the tickets in the new name. If there is not time to amend the passport the marriage
                                        certificate should be carried in the passport. We also need to know the number of
                                        infants under 2 for advising the hotel and airline.




18. Brochure and Website Information


We have made every effort to ensure that all of the information and prices contained
                                        on our website and within this brochure is as accurate as possible at the time of
                                        printing. But in view of the fact that the brochure is prepared in advance, advertised
                                        facilities may be changed. All the details contained within this brochure are thoroughly
                                        and carefully checked before printing. However, despite the accuracy we strive to
                                        maintain, regrettably errors do occasionally occur. You must therefore ensure you
                                        check the price and all other details of your chosen arrangements with us or travel
                                        agent at the time of the booking. This brochure is our solely responsibility. It
                                        is not issued on behalf of and does not commit any independent organization/carriers
                                        whose services are featured in it. We reserve the right to change any website or
                                        other information before your booking is confirmed and the amended information will
                                        then form part of your contract with us.




19. Your Travel Insurance


Because of the importance of having adequate insurance cover we make it a condition
                                        when booking on all our holidays that you are covered by an insurance policy. If
                                        you elect not to take out insurance, you agree to indemnify Sona Tours Ltd. for
                                        any costs that arise which would otherwise have been met had you had your own travel
                                        insurance.




20. Health Requirements


Health facilities, hygiene and disease risks vary worldwide, you should obtain health
                                        advice on your specific needs as early as possible. It is your responsibility to
                                        ensure that you have fully complied with all health and immunisation requirements
                                        of the countries you may be visiting. You can contact your GP for further information.




21. Passport and Visas


a) You should ensure that you allow sufficient time (currently 8 weeks from posting
                                        a correctly completed application form) to apply for a passport.

UK CITIZENS – Travelling on holiday outside the EC, you must have a passport, valid
                                        for at least 6 months from date of departure. At present, British passport holders
                                        do not require visas for countries within Europe, only a valid passport. For all
                                        other countries, it is advisable that you check with relevant embassies or consulates.

NON-EC CITIZENS - Holders of Non-EC passports are most likely to require a visa
                                        for certain countries visited within our brochure. At Sonatours, we provide a visa
                                        service at an extra cost for certain cases, which is separate to your holiday cost.
                                        You must submit all documents required together. Applications with documents pending
                                        will not be accepted. It is your responsibility to submit all documents to us at
                                        the correct time. Though we try our best to obtain the visa on your behalf, it is
                                        solely the discretion of the relevant consulate to accept this application; we can
                                        therefore not take any responsibility if the visa has been refused for whatever
                                        reason. We will try to process your visas as early as possible; however, we reserve
                                        the right to choose that date of submission of the application. It is responsibility
                                        of the passenger to ensure they have the correct visa in place before travel. In
                                        the event passengers are not able to travel due to not having the correct visas,
                                        the cancellation policy set in clause 4. will apply.




22. Visas through Sona Tours


Sona Tours offer a Visa service for UK Citizens & Residents. If for any reason the
                                        visa is rejected the visa fee and service charge is non-refundable. At time of your
                                        booking we will advise what the process will be for each visa requirements. Flights
                                        will not be confirmed until such times the visa has been granted. Prices quoted
                                        may therefore vary to the time you actually book your holiday.




23. Customs & Immigrations Delays


Sona Tours will not be held responsible, if you are stopped or held by any government
                                        department, e.g. Police, Customs, Immigrations or any other authorities of the destination
                                        country. The tour will continue and no financial or any other kind responsibility
                                        will be accepted by Sona Tours.




24. Delays


Occasionally trains, ferries and coaches may be delayed due to circumstances beyond
                                        our control. In such cases we will do our utmost to help you and keep you fully
                                        informed. In the event of extended overnight delays, depending upon circumstances,
                                        we will endeavour to provide accommodation. In the case of a major delay to your
                                        homeward journey, we shall endeavour to delay the departure from your hotel.




25. Your Itinerary


You will receive your final Itinerary and Journey Instructions five to seven days
                                        prior to departure, provided all payments have been made.




26. Your Journey


The coach companies we use have been selected to be relied upon to provide modern,
                                        comfortable coaches and careful, considerate drivers. On some holidays, it may be
                                        that your journey commences on a feeder coach, before you join the main coach, and
                                        feeder coaches are often not of the same standard size. Whilst the coaches on UK
                                        holidays will be of a high standard, they may not have all the facilities of a continental
                                        coach. We plan the seating arrangements close to departure date to ensure that families,
                                        friends and groups are seated as close as possible. You retain these seats throughout
                                        the tour. Smoking and alcohol consumption is prohibited on all our coaches. Regular
                                        comfort stops are made. Where the brochure indicates that your Channel crossing
                                        will be by ferry, we reserve the right to substitute a crossing via the Eurotunnel
                                        and vice versa.




27. Your Flights


In accordance with EU Regulations we are required to advise you of the carrier(s)
                                        (or, if the carrier(s) is not known, the likely carrier(s)) that will operate your
                                        flight(s) at the time of booking. Where we are only able to inform you of the likely
                                        carrier(s) at the time of booking, we shall inform you of the identity of the actual
                                        carrier(s) as soon as we become aware of this. Any change to the operating carrier(s)
                                        after your booking has been confirmed will be notified to you as soon as possible
                                        and in all cases at check in or at the boarding gate. Where we substitute the airline
                                        or aircraft we had originally intended to use in connection with your holiday, it
                                        may as a result not be possible to provide any in- flight catering which had been
                                        informed/advertised. Any such change will be a minor change not entitling you to
                                        any compensation payment.

We are not always in a position at the time of booking to confirm the flight timings
                                        which will be used in connection with your flight. The flight timings shown in this
                                        brochure and detailed on your confirmation invoice are for guidance only and are
                                        subject to alteration and confirmation. The latest timings will be shown on your
                                        tickets which will be despatched to you approximately two weeks before departure.
                                        You must accordingly check your tickets very carefully immediately on receipt to
                                        ensure you have the correct flight times. It is possible that flight times may be
                                        changed even after tickets have been despatched - we will contact you as soon as
                                        possible if this occurs. Any change in the identity of the carrier, flight timings,
                                        and/or aircraft type will not entitle you to cancel or change to other arrangements
                                        without paying our normal charges except where specified in these conditions.




28. Taxes


Sona Tours will include all mandatory pre-paid taxes. Countries may also charge
                                        departure taxes that can only be paid locally. It is therefore recommended that
                                        clients retain sufficient local currency to meet such charges




29. Holiday Extras Not Booked With Sona Tours


We cannot be held responsible for compensation in respect of any extras which are
                                        booked (e.g. travel insurance, currency, taxis etc.) with a third party, if we subsequently
                                        cancel your holiday for whatever reason.




30. Data Protection Policy


For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998, we are a data controller. To ensure
                                        that your holiday runs smoothly, we (and your Travel Agent, if you use one) need
                                        to use information such as name and address, special needs, passport details, birth
                                        dates etc. We will apply appropriate security measures to protect this data; however,
                                        we must pass it to suppliers of your travel arrangements, including airlines, insurers,
                                        hotels and transport companies. We may also supply it to security or credit checking
                                        companies and to the public authorities such as customs and immigration.

If your holiday is outside European Economic Area (EEA), controls on data protection
                                        in your destination may not be as strict as in UK. We will only pass data, including
                                        sensitive information regarding disabilities or dietary and religious requirements,
                                        to people responsible for travel arrangements. If we cannot pass this information
                                        to the relevant suppliers in the EEA or elsewhere, we cannot provide the booking.

When you make this booking, request a brochure or sign up for our email updates
                                        then we will securely store your contact details in order to contact you with details
                                        of products and services we think you might be interested in. Please note that we
                                        shall not pass your details to other non-related companies.




31. Photo, Video or Recoding of You


When you are travelling with us, we may take video and images of you that may be
                                        use in any of the media advertising that we use and on our website. All participants
                                        on Sona Tours trips authorise Sona Tours to use his/her image (such as photograph,
                                        videotape, film or pictorial representation or recorded voice). If you do not wish
                                        for this to happen please notify Sona Tour in writing at email address or to Marketing,
bookings@sonatours.co.uk
.








You may also like














Bali 12 days



11 nights 12 days

View Sector






From

GBP

2450
Per Person


Book Now


















Canada and Alaska Cruise 14 Days 2018



13 nights 14 days

View Sector






From

GBP

2950
Per Person


Book Now


















Chile, Argentina & Patagonia 12 Days



11 nights 12 days

View Sector






From

GBP

4400
Per Person


Book Now


















Electrifying Japan 12 Days



11 nights 12 days

View Sector






From

GBP

3249
Per Person


Book Now




















Italy By Flight 7 Days



6 nights 7 days

View Sector






From

GBP

970
Per Person


Book Now


















Iran Discovery Tour 10 Days



9 nights 10 days

View Sector






From

GBP

2500
Per Person


Book Now


















East Coast America  7 Days



6 nights 7 days

View Sector






From

GBP

1950
Per Person


Book Now


















Mexico 12 Days



11 nights 12 days

View Sector






From

GBP

2989
Per Person


Book Now




















Morocco



7 nights 8 days

View Sector






From

GBP

1099
Per Person


Book Now


















Scotland Highlands 4 Days



3 nights 4 days

View Sector






From

GBP

390
Per Person


Book Now


















Baltic Capitals 4 Days



3 nights 4 days

View Sector






From

GBP

630
Per Person


Book Now


















Hawaii Cruise With Las Vegas & Grand Canyon 15 Days



14 nights 15 days

View Sector






From

GBP

4530
Per Person


Book Now




















Paris Weekend Break 3 Days



2 nights 3 days

View Sector






From

GBP

230
Per Person


Book Now


















Portugal Porto 6 Days



5 nights 6 days

View Sector






From

GBP

800
Per Person


Book Now


















Sri Lanka Ramayana Trails 11 days



10 nights 11 days

View Sector






From

GBP

1900
Per Person


Book Now


















Siesta In Spain  7 Days



6 nights 7 days

View Sector






From

GBP

870
Per Person


Book Now




















Classic Central Europe 11 Days



10 nights 11 days

View Sector






From

GBP

1460
Per Person


Book Now


















Burma - Myanmar 14 days



13 nights 14 days

View Sector






From

GBP

2950
Per Person


Book Now


















Scotland Ireland Tour 9 Days



8 nights 9 days

View Sector






From

GBP

990
Per Person


Book Now


















Russian Highlights 6 Days



5 nights 6 days

View Sector






From

GBP

1400
Per Person


Book Now




















East Canada 7 Days



6 nights 7 days

View Sector






From

GBP

1250
Per Person


Book Now


















Treasures Of Europe 9 Days



8 nights 9 days

View Sector






From

GBP

1150
Per Person


Book Now


















Treasures Of Jordan 7 Days



6 nights 7 days

View Sector






From

GBP

1650
Per Person


Book Now


















West Coast America 12 Days



11 nights 12 days

View Sector






From

GBP

3100
Per Person


Book Now




















Jewels Of Holland 3 Days



2 nights 3 days

View Sector






From

GBP

250
Per Person


Book Now


















Vietnam, Cambodia and Laos – 16 Days



15 nights 16 days

View Sector






From

GBP

2750
Per Person


Book Now


















Paris & Disneyland® Paris 4Days



3 nights 4 days

View Sector






From

GBP

420
Per Person


Book Now


















Irish Experience 4 Days Tour



3 nights 4 days

View Sector






From

GBP

420
Per Person


Book Now




















Paris & Disneyland ® Paris 3 Days



2 nights 3 days

View Sector






From

GBP

290
Per Person


Book Now


















Splendours Of China 15 Days



14 nights 15 days

View Sector






From

GBP

2900
Per Person


Book Now


















Hungary Highlights 7 Days



6 nights 7 days

View Sector






From

GBP

990
Per Person


Book Now


















European Triangle 4 Days



3 nights 4 days

View Sector






From

GBP

360
Per Person


Book Now




















Romantic Europe 14 Days



13 nights 14 days

View Sector






From

GBP

1780
Per Person


Book Now


















Scandinavian Capitals 7 Days



6 nights 7 days

View Sector






From

GBP

1240
Per Person


Book Now


















Poland Potraits 6 Days



5 nights 6 days

View Sector






From

GBP

1030
Per Person


Book Now


















Egypt & Abu Simbel 8 Days



7 nights 8 days

View Sector






From

GBP

1450
Per Person


Book Now




















Tulips Of Holland 3 Days



2 nights 3 days

View Sector






From

GBP

260
Per Person


Book Now






















Home

Group Tours

Customise Tours

How To Book

Pick up points

Our Services & Us

Visas

Contact us





OUR OFFICES


United Kingdom
718 Kenton Road, Kingsbury Circle, Harrow, Middlesex, HA3 9QX, UK
T: +44 (0) 2089510111
E:
info@sonatours.co.uk


United States of America
E:
usa@sonatours.co.uk
• Tel(toll free
                number): +1 (866) 9973360

© Sona Tours 2017.
















































