
Blog















Getting Details


This will just take a moment




























The Wellbeing Holiday Experts










Call us on

+44 20 3735 7555





Contact us online:






Open:  9 – 6 pm Monday-Friday & 10 - 3pm Saturday












Home





Holiday Types








Destination


Select a destination:



Select destination


Show Spas








Holiday types















Our wellbeing holidays
Looking for inspiration? Click the arrows below to find your perfect spa holiday!









Offers




































Offer notifications

Sign up for our latest offers and exclusive deals here








Don't miss out on knowing about the best offers and prizes!










Top 5’s, Reviews & Holiday Ideas







Latest Travel Reviews


Top 5 reasons to go to Shanti Maurice, Mauritius

Top 5 Must-Do Tips at Sen Wellness, Sri Lanka

Top 5 Reasons to go to Rancho La Puerta, Mexico

Top 5 Reasons to go to Paradis Plage Resort, Morocco

Top 5 Reasons to go to Palacio Estoril Golf & Spa Hotel, Portugal

See more






Wellbeing Escapes Ideas



Top Fitness Retreats

Fitness Holidays for Fitness Addicts

Yoga Holidays for Yoga Addicts

Spa Holidays to Help with Sleep Issues

Spa Holidays for Helping with Anxiety

Read all entries






Trip Planning







Top 5s



Top 5 Spa Holidays With A Difference

Our Top 5 Spa Holidays for Singles

Our Top 5 Spa Holidays for Stressed-Out Professionals

Our Top 5 Medical Spa Holidays

Our Top 5 Yoga Holidays

See more










Blog, Press & Advice






Press Cuttings


Read what the press say about us







Join our wellbeing tribe!


Our clients’ 2017 inspiring images






Blog


Feel-good entertainment for your wellness holiday

Top 5 reasons why we love SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain

Top 5 reasons why we love Absolute Sanctuary in Thailand

What to pack for the plane

My day on a plate at Almyra Hotel & Spa - Cyprus

Read all entries






Advice


Top Wellness Type Holidays










About Us






Sign up to our Newsletter!











Our Destinations Collection


Please email
info@wellbeingescapes.com
if you would like to be sent a printed copy.






Why Wellbeing Escapes?


Why Choose us
Meet The Team
Our Story







What The Press Say























Spa types menu


Ayurveda Retreats
Beach Spa Holidays
Detox Spa Holidays
Fitness Holidays
Health Spa Holidays
Luxury Spa Breaks UK
Spa Breaks To Heal A Broken Heart
Spa Breaks For Couples
Singles Spa Holidays
Spa Breaks Europe
Stress-Management Spa Holidays
Fitness holidays for men
Anti-ageing spa holidays
Yoga Holidays
Spa Breaks With Meditation
Weight Loss Holidays
Spa Holidays to Discover & Unwind
Health Boosting Hen, Honeymoon & Wedding Spa Breaks
Yoga Holidays in Europe
Pilates Holidays
Post cancer spa retreats
Holistic Retreats
Mindfulness Retreats
Sociable Spa Holidays/Group Fitness Holidays
Raw Food Retreats & Vegan Retreats
Life Coaching Retreats
Pilates Reformer Spa Holidays
Affordable Wellbeing Holidays
Spa Holidays





Destinations menu


Austria
UAE
Croatia
Cyprus
Greece
India
Indonesia
Italy
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Morocco
Oman
Portugal
Saint Lucia
Slovakia
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Switzerland
Thailand
Turkey
UK
Vietnam
Costa Rica
Spa Holidays in The Maldives





Expert Advice


Health Advice From Our Experts...
Top Healthy Living Tips!
Our Travel Blogs
Meet Team Wellbeing!
Health & Wellness Recipes
All You Need To Know About...
Spa Holidays Glossary & Treatment Guide
How long does it take to fly to.....?





Trip Planning


Spa Holiday Travel Logistics
In flight Health & Beauty Travel Tips
Travel Tips to Prepare Yourself For Your Spa Holiday
Top Tips For Detox Retreat Preparation





Latest News And Prizes


What the Press Say
Sign up to our newsletter for a free download of our Wellbeing Guide worth £16.99!
Wellbeing Wisdom - Our Blog!






Offer of the Month - Aguas de Ibiza
Greece Reassurance
The Pure Package
The Dukan Diet
Our Top Fitness Holiday Offers
Our Top 3 Detox Spa Holidays
Our Top 5 Fitness & Weight Loss Spa Holidays
Our Top 3 Romantic Spa Holidays
Travel Blog
Press Clipping - Wexas Traveller Magazine
Press Clipping - Stella Magazine
Offer of the Month - Penha Longa Hotel
New! Fit & Fun at Longevity
Wellbeing Booster at Grayshott
Spotlight on Almyra
Resources
Travel Documents
Airlines
About Wellbeing Escapes
Terms & Conditions
Data Protection & Privacy Policy
Offer of the Month - Kempinski San Lawrenz, Gozo, Malta
Why Book With Wellbeing Escapes
Wellbeing Escapes Price Guarantee
Frequently Asked Questions
ATOL
Kamalaya - My Personal Journey - Stella Photi
Exercise Tips to Strengthen Your Core
Phuket Cleanse
Top 5 Spa Breaks Under £2000
Wellbeing Booster Breaks
Offers Ending Soon
Stylist competition winners visit Almyra in Paphos
Kempinski Barbaros Bay - Turkey
What Makes Us Special
Why it Pays to Book with Wellbeing Escapes
Feedback from Fusion Maia
Alpine Fitness and Spa Holidays
Stella Photi
Peter Stearn
Helen Greenhow
Anuska Vidal
Miranda Vinall
Mike Marchetti
Interview with Ayurvedic Expert at Ananda in the Himalayas
Recipe for Orange and Rosemary Chicken
Top Tips for Wellbeing at Work
COMO Day Spa Voucher London
Guest Testimonials
test video embed
Ti Sana & Feel Unique Giveaway
5 Bad Eating Habits and How to Overcome Them
Sunbathing is Good For You
QMS Facial Explained!
Pilates Tips for Office Health
Ian Marber's Bikini Diet
Healthy Ageing Expert Advice
Our Top Detox Holidays
Inspire Me: Top Yoga Spots
Destination Focus: Oceano - Tenerife
Sweet onions with lentil stew
The Best Travel Apps Ever
Paying Lip Service
Mind Health
Healthy Hens and Honeymoons
Hot New Destinations
Digital Detox
Offer of the Month: Shanti-Som
The benefits of Nordic Walking
The benefits of DNA Testing for fitness and nutrition
Kempinski San Lawrenz Discover & Unwind Offer
Finland Activity Tour Offer
Aldemar Thalasso Relaxing Offer
Paradis Plage Yoga Offer
Columbia Beachotel Yoga & Pilates Offer
Chiva Som Destination Spa Offer
The Ananda 7 Night Ayurvedic Rejuvenation Offer
Spa holidays for friends & couples - FREE spa credit offers for April
The Benefits of an Ayurvedic Spa Break
Ten Signs that you are in need of a detox retreat
Fitness holidays in the sun
Looking for a yoga retreat...?
Villa Eden - Free Flight Offer
Ti Sana - Free Flight Offer
SHA Wellness Clinic - Free Flight Offer
Lefay Resort & SPA Lago di Garda - Free Flight Offer
Spa Holidays for Single
Europe's Best Spa Breaks
Spa holidays & Relaxing breaks - What's new
Lifestyle Changers
Is WIFI stressing you out?
Wellbeing Boosters by the Beach
Top Festive Escapes
Our Uber Luxe Edit
What Becomes Of The Broken Hearted?
Spa Holidays - Top Picks
Detox Retreats & Weight-Loss Holidays
Fitness & Weight Loss Holidays
Ask the wellbeing guru!
What Spa Type Are You?
What are the benefits of a health retreat?
What's the difference between a health retreat & a hotel with spa?
How can a wellness holiday help with issues such as stress or sleep?
I'm nervous about a holiday on my own - will I be the sad single?
What does a detox entail & what are the benefits?
What are the benefits of learning to meditate on a wellness holiday?
What spa type are you? Career-Maxed
What spa type are you? Clued-up Healthie
What spa type are you? Empty Nester
What spa type are you? Spa Queen
What spa type are you? Metrosexual Guy
What spa type are you? Eager to retire
What spa type are you? Young & Hip
Easter Spa Holidays Availability
Spa holidays with running
Spa holidays with swimming
Fitness holidays with cycling
Spa holidays with sailing & canoeing
WIN Our Facebook Competition - SHA Wellness Clinic Prizes
WIN Our Facebook Competition - Ila Face Serum
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Embracing Change Programme
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Holistic Holiday
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Comprehensive Detox Programme
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Optimal Fitness Programme
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Intro to Detox programme
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Yoga Holiday Programme
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Relax & Renew Programme
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Balance & Revitalise Programme
WIN Our Facebook Competition - The BodyHoliday
Personal Travel Blog - Almyra Hotel - Cyprus
Personal Travel Blog - Anassa - Cyprus
Personal Travel Blog - Aphrodite Hills Resort - Cyprus
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Healthy Break programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Fitness programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Sleep Recovery programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Stress Management programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Detox programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Intensive Detox programme
SHA Wellness Clinic - Weight Loss programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Discovery programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Essence programme
Ananda in the Himalayas in India - 7 night Ayurvedic Rejuvenation programme
Ananda in the Himalayas in India - Kick-start Weight Management programme
Ananda in the Himalayas in India - Yoga programme
WIN Our Facebook Competition - Asquith Activewear
The Ananda in the Himalayas - 7 Night Yogic Detox Programme
Ananda in the Himalayas in India - 7 Night Detox programme
WIN Our Facebook Competition - Lefay Resort & Spa Lago Di Garda
Want to get away for Christmas or New Year?
New Year Fitness & Spa Holidays
Christmas Spa & Fitness Holidays
Self-Love February - our Top 10 'no single supplement' destinations
Stop stressing, Start living - Our Top 5 programmes
Stop Stressing, Start Living - by Toby Maguire
My top meditation tips by Stella Photi, Wellbeing Escapes
Personal Travel Blog - Somatheeram Ayurveda Resort, India
Mother's Day - treat yours to a spa break!
Fitness Boosting Spa Holidays
Adults-only Spa Holidays
Relaxing spa holidays
Best raw food & vegan wellness retreats
My wonderful stay at Sen Wellness, Sri Lanka
Great Value Beach Spa Holidays
Join our team - job opportunities
Health Enhancing Spa Holidays
Top 5 Must-Do Tips at Amatara Wellness Resort, Thailand
The Mayr Concept
Telegraph Offer - Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand with Wellbeing Escapes
Telegraph Reader Offer Conditions
Monarch Airlines - what to do
Top Luxury Yoga Holidays
Autumn Wellbeing Booster Short Breaks
Win a Spa Day for Two at Lifehouse Spa in Thorpe-le-Soken, Essex
Christmas Spa Holidays & Fitness Holidays













"Wellbeing Escapes is the John Lewis of healthy breaks – they gave me great advice, arranged everything seamlessly, and gave me a real deal!"
- Ruby Wax, comedian & writer










Read our reviews







The Blog: Wellbeing Wisdom









Q&A with the Ayurveda Doctor from Maradiva Villas Resort & Spa, Mauritius





























Beach

Pool

Restaurant

Room

Treatment

Yoga






Dr Praveen Nair is the Ayurveda Doctor at the beautiful
Maradiva Villas Resort & Spa
in Mauritius. The spa here is strongly influenced by Indian philosophy with a number of Eastern-influenced treatments including Ayurvedic therapies alongside traditional Western ones. Dr Nair gives us a personal insight into Ayurveda so take a read - all very fascinating indeed!



Read more: Q&A; with the Ayurveda Doctor from Maradiva Villas Resort & Spa, Mauritius








Vegetarian Diet - Are You Getting All You Need?



We asked nutritionist,
Vicky Turrell
, to share her expertise on what you should be getting enough of as a vegetarian. Vegetarian diets can be incredibly healthy as well as being good for the planet. More of the good stuff likefibre, vitamins, minerals and antioxidants and less of the bad things that are sadly part of the over-farmed animal food chain.



Read more: Vegetarian Diet - Are You Getting All You Need?








Life Lessons from a Professional Life Coach



Jacqueline Hurst

is a trailblazing ‘mind’ expert, knowledgeable public speaker and ground-breaking life coach who has helped thousands of people through their issues. She shares her favourite pieces of advice below and says ‘the journey, of course, never stops and along this journey of life, there are many signs that can help us along the way. All you have to do is be open to them’.



Read more: Life Lessons from a Professional Life Coach








Expert Advice on Banishing Bloating



Do you suffer from bloating? Help is at hand! We asked Naturopath nutritional therapist
Rose Chamberlain
to share her expertise:
In my clinical experience, bloating is one of the most common complaints. The cause can be linked to many different factors but most of the time it is related to food intolerances and dysbiosis (imbalance between the ratio of good bacteria vs bad bacteria in our gut).



Read more: Expert Advice on Banishing Bloating








Top Tips for Getting Quality Sleep


Neil Shah
, Chief De-Stressing Officer at The Stress Management Society, offers some helpful tips for lowering stress in order to get great quality sleep. Sleep, like water and food, is vital for the maintenance of physical and mental health. People deprived of sleep exhibit symptoms such as mood swings, lack of concentration and irritability — so are therefore prime candidates for stress. And while oversleeping can make you feel tired and fatigued, getting less than you need reduces your ability to cope with stress.



Read more: Top Tips for Getting Quality Sleep








Energy Boost Breakfasts



Energy Boost Breakfasts - get your day off to a glorious start!

Rebecca Hirst is a nutrition coach, TEDx speaker and founder of
Glorious Wellness
. She shares her tips for glorious breakfasts:
Breakfast is my favourite meal. I’d happily eat it three times a day. I love it because it hints at the promise of good things ahead, a day filled with as yet unknown adventures. Especially on holiday, when breakfast is likely to be a more leisurely affair.



Read more: Energy Boost Breakfasts








The Power of Healing



We asked Hayley Newton, a renowned Healer based in London, to share with us what healing is all about.
What exactly is healing?
Healing is a natural energy therapy that complements conventional medicine by treating the whole person — mind, body and spirit. It’s a holistic approach - it believes that our whole being is interconnected and you must therefore treat the whole, not individual parts.



Read more: The Power of Healing








A Beginner's Guide to the Menopause and HRT



Dr Stephanie Goodwin is a GP and a leading hormones expert with the menopause as a speciality.
As I started to approach the menopause, as did many of my patients, I realised that my knowledge around the subject was a bit patchy! So I took it upon myself to learn and train with the British Menopause Society. I’m so glad I did. After all, as a doctor, the only condition that all of my female patients will experience is the menopause. That’s a lot of women.



Read more: A Beginner's Guide to the Menopause and HRT








My top Meditation tips by Stella Photi, Wellbeing Escapes


Stella Photi, Founder & Managing Director,
Wellbeing Escapes
, is a meditation devotee. She says "I have been meditating on and off for over 20 years now. Over the years, I have learned that this is my most valuable tool to keep me grounded, to put everything in perspective and to even allow my body to relax. It has now become a part of my daily routine and something I just don't compromise on as I have seen the benefits. Here are my
3 Top Tips
around starting a meditation practice:



Read more: My top Meditation tips by Stella Photi, Wellbeing Escapes








Heard of Wild pottery & Wild basketry?


We recently met Ruby Taylor from
Native Hands
who runs
Wild Pottery
&
Wild Basktry
courses (in Sussex woodland) which piqued our interest as we'd never heard of the concept. We asked her to explain more and she has kindly done so below. Prepare to be inspired!



Read more: Heard of Wild pottery & Wild basketry?








The 5 habits of happy people


Have you ever wondered what it is that those people who always seem to be happy have in common? What characteristics or habits do they share - and how can you get them? Online and in books, a thousand gurus offer their own ways for you to find happiness. But how do we know which of them works? The scientific method is probably best. We have seen an upsurge in scientific studies on positive psychology and the science of happiness or, to put it simply, discovering what makes happy people happy.



Read more: The 5 habits of happy people








Top 5 reasons why going solo on holiday rocks!



It’s only natural to feel a little apprehensive about going on holiday by yourself but, we promise you, once you’ve done it once, there will be just no stopping you in the future. It could be that you are single, your partner or friends can’t get the same time off or you need some ‘me-time’. In fact, a
wellness holiday
is a good idea as you follow a programme so will be interacting with others every day and most certainly won’t be by yourself unless you want to take yourself off for some peace and quiet. They often have sharing tables too so if you are feeling sociable at mealtimes, you can join fellow guests and have a good old yak about your stay!



Read more:  Top 5 reasons why going solo on holiday rocks!








Sen Wellness - Sri Lanka - Top 5 reasons to go


We absolutely ADORE
Sen Wellness
in Sri Lanka and think it's a very special place. If you are looking to head off on a yoga holiday or want somewhere to truly clear your mind, then we can't recommend it highly enough. Meditation is also high on the agenda here and we promise you that you will feel totally at one with yourself by the time you leave. Read our
TOP 5
reasons to book our wellbeing programme and if you have any questions, please call us on
020 3735 7555
and we can tell you more about it!



Read more: Sen Wellness - Sri Lanka - Top 5 reasons to go








Super Spa Queen Marion (aged 84!)



Marion Finlayson

is a true inspiration to us all at Wellbeing Escapes - she's a treasured client who at the impressive age of 84 is still off travelling, living life to the full and enjoying rejuvenating spa breaks. Plus she also models - how cool and glamorous is that?! She's just got back from
Lefay Resort & Spa Lago di Garda
in Italy and shares with us below her thoughts on her stay plus we've asked her a few 'life' questions too because hey, she's a very inspiring lady! And it just goes to prove that you are
NEVER
too late to take care of your wellbeing



Read more: Super Spa Queen Marion (aged 84!)








A day in my life by Private Chef Mel Mitchley



Mel Mitchley
is a private chef who first developed her passion for cooking whilst at university and then went on to train at Leiths School of Food and Wine and the College of Naturopathic Medicine in London. We all think of only celebrities having a private chef but in fact Mel has many clients who are just 'normal folk'. Below, she shares a typical '
Day in my life
' - all very inspiring and if you live in or near London, we're pretty sure you'll soon be in
contact
with her!



Read more: A day in my life by Private Chef Mel Mitchley








Spotlight on Vilalara Longevity Thalassa & Medical Spa...



The detox programmes at
Vilalara Longevity Thalassa & Medical Spa
are second-to-none and the experts there have kindly shared below what a juice detox actually involves:



Read more: Spotlight on Vilalara Longevity Thalassa & Medical Spa...








Preparing yourself for your wellbeing holiday


We know that travelling can be very stressful and our aim is to keep you relaxed and healthy so that you arrive at your destination fully ready to enjoy your wellbeing escape to the max. So that you can get the most out of your well deserved break we have prepared some handy guides and tips to help you prepare.



Read more: Preparing yourself for your wellbeing holiday








Checklist for your wellness holiday




Take a look at the 'Know Before You Go' document sent with your confirmation details - we've put together specific, useful details on your destination

Double-check that your passport is up-to-date with at least 6 months still to run beyond your return date




Read more: Checklist for your wellness holiday








What to pack for your wellness holiday




Think about the activities that you will be doing and what clothing you’ll need. For example, you may be in and out of fitness classes so a few sets of exercise clothes will save you having to keep washing them or you may be using therapy pools a lot so a couple of swimsuits will be better than one!T




Read more: What to pack for your wellness holiday








Feel-good entertainment for your wellness holiday


FILMS

Download some films that are guaranteed to lift your spirits and put a smile on your face.



Read more: Feel-good entertainment for your wellness holiday







Start
Prev
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
Next
End












































































Register for offers

Sign up for all our latest news, exclusive special offers, new escapes, discounts, prizes, and more.

Subscribe



Travel Logistics

How to prepare for your escape; information on documents, passports, visas, insurance, and airlines.

Resources



Keep in touch





Need Advice

You can call us for advice from
9am to 6pm, Monday to Friday
and
10am - 3pm Saturday
or
email
info@wellbeingescapes.com

020 3735 7555









Offers and news:




Offer of the Month - Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand

Our travel blogs - read where we've been








Information


Glossary

About Wellbeing Escapes

Press

Meet The Team!

Terms & Conditions

Data Protection & Privacy Policy

FAQs

Monarch Airlines Queries

ATOL Protected

Contact Us




Top Spa Holidays


Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary

SHA Wellness Clinic

Chiva-Som

Ti Sana

Ananda in the Himalayas

COMO Shambhala Estate

Shanti-Som

The BodyHoliday Le Sport


See A-Z of all Wellbeing Resorts




Trusted online payment certified through Comod






The air holidays shown are ATOL protected by the Civil Aviation Authority. Our ATOL number is ATOL 10269















Sign up to our newsletter for inspiration and exclusive offers which you can’t get directly! Receive a FREE copy of our wellbeing magazine packed full of expert tips.










