
Frequently Asked Questions















Getting Details


This will just take a moment




























The Wellbeing Holiday Experts










Call us on

+44 20 3735 7555





Contact us online:






Open:  9 – 6 pm Monday-Friday & 10 - 3pm Saturday












Home





Holiday Types








Destination


Select a destination:



Select destination


Show Spas








Holiday types















Our wellbeing holidays
Looking for inspiration? Click the arrows below to find your perfect spa holiday!









Offers




































Offer notifications

Sign up for our latest offers and exclusive deals here








Don't miss out on knowing about the best offers and prizes!










Top 5’s, Reviews & Holiday Ideas







Latest Travel Reviews


Top 5 reasons to go to Shanti Maurice, Mauritius

Top 5 Must-Do Tips at Sen Wellness, Sri Lanka

Top 5 Reasons to go to Rancho La Puerta, Mexico

Top 5 Reasons to go to Paradis Plage Resort, Morocco

Top 5 Reasons to go to Palacio Estoril Golf & Spa Hotel, Portugal

See more






Wellbeing Escapes Ideas



Top Fitness Retreats

Fitness Holidays for Fitness Addicts

Yoga Holidays for Yoga Addicts

Spa Holidays to Help with Sleep Issues

Spa Holidays for Helping with Anxiety

Read all entries






Trip Planning







Top 5s



Top 5 Spa Holidays With A Difference

Our Top 5 Spa Holidays for Singles

Our Top 5 Spa Holidays for Stressed-Out Professionals

Our Top 5 Medical Spa Holidays

Our Top 5 Yoga Holidays

See more










Blog, Press & Advice






Press Cuttings


Read what the press say about us







Join our wellbeing tribe!


Our clients’ 2017 inspiring images






Blog


Feel-good entertainment for your wellness holiday

Top 5 reasons why we love SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain

Top 5 reasons why we love Absolute Sanctuary in Thailand

What to pack for the plane

My day on a plate at Almyra Hotel & Spa - Cyprus

Read all entries






Advice


Top Wellness Type Holidays










About Us






Sign up to our Newsletter!











Our Destinations Collection


Please email
info@wellbeingescapes.com
if you would like to be sent a printed copy.






Why Wellbeing Escapes?


Why Choose us
Meet The Team
Our Story







What The Press Say























Spa types menu


Ayurveda Retreats
Beach Spa Holidays
Detox Spa Holidays
Fitness Holidays
Health Spa Holidays
Luxury Spa Breaks UK
Spa Breaks To Heal A Broken Heart
Spa Breaks For Couples
Singles Spa Holidays
Spa Breaks Europe
Stress-Management Spa Holidays
Fitness holidays for men
Anti-ageing spa holidays
Yoga Holidays
Spa Breaks With Meditation
Weight Loss Holidays
Spa Holidays to Discover & Unwind
Health Boosting Hen, Honeymoon & Wedding Spa Breaks
Yoga Holidays in Europe
Pilates Holidays
Post cancer spa retreats
Holistic Retreats
Mindfulness Retreats
Sociable Spa Holidays/Group Fitness Holidays
Raw Food Retreats & Vegan Retreats
Life Coaching Retreats
Pilates Reformer Spa Holidays
Affordable Wellbeing Holidays
Spa Holidays





Destinations menu


Austria
UAE
Croatia
Cyprus
Greece
India
Indonesia
Italy
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Morocco
Oman
Portugal
Saint Lucia
Slovakia
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Switzerland
Thailand
Turkey
UK
Vietnam
Costa Rica
Spa Holidays in The Maldives





Expert Advice


Health Advice From Our Experts...
Top Healthy Living Tips!
Our Travel Blogs
Meet Team Wellbeing!
Health & Wellness Recipes
All You Need To Know About...
Spa Holidays Glossary & Treatment Guide
How long does it take to fly to.....?





Trip Planning


Spa Holiday Travel Logistics
In flight Health & Beauty Travel Tips
Travel Tips to Prepare Yourself For Your Spa Holiday
Top Tips For Detox Retreat Preparation





Latest News And Prizes


What the Press Say
Sign up to our newsletter for a free download of our Wellbeing Guide worth £16.99!
Wellbeing Wisdom - Our Blog!






Offer of the Month - Aguas de Ibiza
Greece Reassurance
The Pure Package
The Dukan Diet
Our Top Fitness Holiday Offers
Our Top 3 Detox Spa Holidays
Our Top 5 Fitness & Weight Loss Spa Holidays
Our Top 3 Romantic Spa Holidays
Travel Blog
Press Clipping - Wexas Traveller Magazine
Press Clipping - Stella Magazine
Offer of the Month - Penha Longa Hotel
New! Fit & Fun at Longevity
Wellbeing Booster at Grayshott
Spotlight on Almyra
Resources
Travel Documents
Airlines
About Wellbeing Escapes
Terms & Conditions
Data Protection & Privacy Policy
Offer of the Month - Kempinski San Lawrenz, Gozo, Malta
Why Book With Wellbeing Escapes
Wellbeing Escapes Price Guarantee
Frequently Asked Questions
ATOL
Kamalaya - My Personal Journey - Stella Photi
Exercise Tips to Strengthen Your Core
Phuket Cleanse
Top 5 Spa Breaks Under £2000
Wellbeing Booster Breaks
Offers Ending Soon
Stylist competition winners visit Almyra in Paphos
Kempinski Barbaros Bay - Turkey
What Makes Us Special
Why it Pays to Book with Wellbeing Escapes
Feedback from Fusion Maia
Alpine Fitness and Spa Holidays
Stella Photi
Peter Stearn
Helen Greenhow
Anuska Vidal
Miranda Vinall
Mike Marchetti
Interview with Ayurvedic Expert at Ananda in the Himalayas
Recipe for Orange and Rosemary Chicken
Top Tips for Wellbeing at Work
COMO Day Spa Voucher London
Guest Testimonials
test video embed
Ti Sana & Feel Unique Giveaway
5 Bad Eating Habits and How to Overcome Them
Sunbathing is Good For You
QMS Facial Explained!
Pilates Tips for Office Health
Ian Marber's Bikini Diet
Healthy Ageing Expert Advice
Our Top Detox Holidays
Inspire Me: Top Yoga Spots
Destination Focus: Oceano - Tenerife
Sweet onions with lentil stew
The Best Travel Apps Ever
Paying Lip Service
Mind Health
Healthy Hens and Honeymoons
Hot New Destinations
Digital Detox
Offer of the Month: Shanti-Som
The benefits of Nordic Walking
The benefits of DNA Testing for fitness and nutrition
Kempinski San Lawrenz Discover & Unwind Offer
Finland Activity Tour Offer
Aldemar Thalasso Relaxing Offer
Paradis Plage Yoga Offer
Columbia Beachotel Yoga & Pilates Offer
Chiva Som Destination Spa Offer
The Ananda 7 Night Ayurvedic Rejuvenation Offer
Spa holidays for friends & couples - FREE spa credit offers for April
The Benefits of an Ayurvedic Spa Break
Ten Signs that you are in need of a detox retreat
Fitness holidays in the sun
Looking for a yoga retreat...?
Villa Eden - Free Flight Offer
Ti Sana - Free Flight Offer
SHA Wellness Clinic - Free Flight Offer
Lefay Resort & SPA Lago di Garda - Free Flight Offer
Spa Holidays for Single
Europe's Best Spa Breaks
Spa holidays & Relaxing breaks - What's new
Lifestyle Changers
Is WIFI stressing you out?
Wellbeing Boosters by the Beach
Top Festive Escapes
Our Uber Luxe Edit
What Becomes Of The Broken Hearted?
Spa Holidays - Top Picks
Detox Retreats & Weight-Loss Holidays
Fitness & Weight Loss Holidays
Ask the wellbeing guru!
What Spa Type Are You?
What are the benefits of a health retreat?
What's the difference between a health retreat & a hotel with spa?
How can a wellness holiday help with issues such as stress or sleep?
I'm nervous about a holiday on my own - will I be the sad single?
What does a detox entail & what are the benefits?
What are the benefits of learning to meditate on a wellness holiday?
What spa type are you? Career-Maxed
What spa type are you? Clued-up Healthie
What spa type are you? Empty Nester
What spa type are you? Spa Queen
What spa type are you? Metrosexual Guy
What spa type are you? Eager to retire
What spa type are you? Young & Hip
Easter Spa Holidays Availability
Spa holidays with running
Spa holidays with swimming
Fitness holidays with cycling
Spa holidays with sailing & canoeing
WIN Our Facebook Competition - SHA Wellness Clinic Prizes
WIN Our Facebook Competition - Ila Face Serum
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Embracing Change Programme
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Holistic Holiday
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Comprehensive Detox Programme
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Optimal Fitness Programme
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Intro to Detox programme
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Yoga Holiday Programme
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Relax & Renew Programme
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Balance & Revitalise Programme
WIN Our Facebook Competition - The BodyHoliday
Personal Travel Blog - Almyra Hotel - Cyprus
Personal Travel Blog - Anassa - Cyprus
Personal Travel Blog - Aphrodite Hills Resort - Cyprus
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Healthy Break programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Fitness programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Sleep Recovery programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Stress Management programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Detox programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Intensive Detox programme
SHA Wellness Clinic - Weight Loss programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Discovery programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Essence programme
Ananda in the Himalayas in India - 7 night Ayurvedic Rejuvenation programme
Ananda in the Himalayas in India - Kick-start Weight Management programme
Ananda in the Himalayas in India - Yoga programme
WIN Our Facebook Competition - Asquith Activewear
The Ananda in the Himalayas - 7 Night Yogic Detox Programme
Ananda in the Himalayas in India - 7 Night Detox programme
WIN Our Facebook Competition - Lefay Resort & Spa Lago Di Garda
Want to get away for Christmas or New Year?
New Year Fitness & Spa Holidays
Christmas Spa & Fitness Holidays
Self-Love February - our Top 10 'no single supplement' destinations
Stop stressing, Start living - Our Top 5 programmes
Stop Stressing, Start Living - by Toby Maguire
My top meditation tips by Stella Photi, Wellbeing Escapes
Personal Travel Blog - Somatheeram Ayurveda Resort, India
Mother's Day - treat yours to a spa break!
Fitness Boosting Spa Holidays
Adults-only Spa Holidays
Relaxing spa holidays
Best raw food & vegan wellness retreats
My wonderful stay at Sen Wellness, Sri Lanka
Great Value Beach Spa Holidays
Join our team - job opportunities
Health Enhancing Spa Holidays
Top 5 Must-Do Tips at Amatara Wellness Resort, Thailand
The Mayr Concept
Telegraph Offer - Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand with Wellbeing Escapes
Telegraph Reader Offer Conditions
Monarch Airlines - what to do
Top Luxury Yoga Holidays
Autumn Wellbeing Booster Short Breaks
Win a Spa Day for Two at Lifehouse Spa in Thorpe-le-Soken, Essex
Christmas Spa Holidays & Fitness Holidays













"Wellbeing Escapes is the John Lewis of healthy breaks – they gave me great advice, arranged everything seamlessly, and gave me a real deal!"
- Ruby Wax, comedian & writer










Read our reviews







Frequently Asked Questions

•
How much deposit do I need to pay for my booking?
•
When is the balance due on my holiday?
•
What payment types do you accept? Do you make a charge for paying by credit card?
•
How do I amend an existing booking and will I be charged?
•
How can I cancel an existing booking and will I be charged?
•
What is your refund policy on air tickets?
•
What happens if my holiday is altered or cancelled by Wellbeing Escapes?
•
Is Wellbeing Escapes a member of ATOL / ABTA?
•
Is my holiday protected if Wellbeing Escapes goes into administration?
•
Is it safe to book a holiday on your website?

•
What are your opening times?
•
How can I contact your Sales Team?
•
When do you dispatch my travel documents?
•
What is an e-ticket?
•
What are the passport and visa requirements for my trip?
•
Do I need to take any health precautions before travelling?
•
Are transfers included with my holiday?
•
What are usual check in and check out times at the resort?
•
At what age is a child classified as an adult?
•
How long before my flight departure do I need to check in?
•
Can I pre book my flight seats?
•
Do you offer travel insurance?

How much deposit do I need to pay for my booking?

When you confirm your holiday booking you will be required to pay a non refundable deposit of 25% of the total holiday cost (whichever is the greater). If the booking is made within 60 days of departure, the full amount will be required at the time of booking. Bookings made directly on our website require full payment at the time of booking. Some special offer flights will need to be paid in full at time of booking and are non-refundable should you subsequently cancel.
When is the balance due on my holiday?

The balance of your holiday is due not less than 60 days before departure. If we do not receive this balance in full and on time we reserve the right to treat your booking as cancelled by you in which case standard cancellation charges will apply.
What payment types do you accept? Do you make a charge for paying by credit card?

Payment can be made by Visa, Mastercard and American Express credit cards. We also accept Visa Debit and Maestro cards. If you pay by American Express a 2.25% credit card transaction fee will be applied. If paying by Visa/MasterCard, a 1.75% credit card transaction fee will be applied. There is no fee for debit card payments. Bank transfer or BACS payments are also acceptable if agreed in advance with our sales consultants. Wellbeing Escapes reserves the right to charge you in addition for any handling fees incurred by us in relation to bookings made by credit or charge card.
How do I amend an existing booking and will I be charged?

Any alteration to an existing booking will be treated as cancellation and rebooking and standard cancellation charges will be payable.
How can I cancel an existing booking and will I be charged?

You or any member of your party may cancel your booking at any time providing that the cancellation is made by the person making the booking and is communicated to us in writing. The following scale shows the charges that will be applied, based on the day the written cancellation is received and whether travel documents have been issued. In certain cases cancellation charges, if incurred involuntarily, will be covered by insurance taken out at the time of booking. We therefore strongly recommended travel insurance is taken out on any holiday booking.
Changes and Cancellation Fees

If you want to change any part of your holiday arrangements after the invoice has been issued, we will do our best to make the change, but it may not be possible. Any request for changes must be made in writing by the person who made the original booking. If it is possible to make the change, it will be subject to an administration charge of £50 per booking, and payment of any further costs incurred as a result of the change. Scheduled airlines normally regard name changes as a cancellation and rebooking, and any alteration may incur a 100% cancellation charge. It will not be possible to make any changes within 30 days of your scheduled departure date.

If you or anyone on your holiday booking decides to cancel the holiday we must be notified of the decision in writing. The cancellation will take effect from the day the written confirmation is received. The following scale of charges will be payable depending on when the notification of cancellation is received.

Prior to 61 days, 25% of total holiday cost
60 – 30: 60% of total holiday cost
Less than 30 days: 100% of total holiday cost (including no show)

Where a flight cost has been incurred by Wellbeing Escapes at the time of booking, this will be added to the above cancellation charges.
Special Airfare Circumstances: Where the full cost of the airfare is required at the time of booking, no refund will be applicable from the time of booking. Airfares affected by this 100% cancellation policy will be advised at the time of booking.
What is your refund policy on air tickets?

Many air tickets have no refund value whatsoever. Unless your confirmation invoice informs you otherwise this will apply to your ticket(s). If you need a ticket that will allow for a refund or an en-route amendment you must contact us in advance of making your payment. Air tickets that do have a refund value, that are returned to us are subject to a minimum cancellation charge of £50.00 irrespective of the number of tickets returned. Tickets are presented to the respective airline or consolidator for calculation of the refund. Refunds by airlines or consolidators for part-used/return halves of tickets are always less than pro-rata and in some cases there may be no refund value whatsoever. Refunds will not be paid to you until they have been received by Wellbeing Escapes from the relevant airline or consolidator. This usually takes 8-12 weeks but in some cases (e.g. lost tickets) may take considerably longer. Tickets returned more than one year from the date of issue are classed as expired by the airline and generally have no refund value at all. If tickets are lost or stolen, certain airlines will not issue duplicates. New tickets may then have to be purchased locally, at the local fare. Even if replacement tickets are purchased, certain airlines will not issue refunds for lost/stolen tickets. A delay of up to 18 months is possible before authority from the airline to make any refund is received. Wellbeing Escapes applies a further £35 per ticket administration fee over and above cancellation charges in such cases. Please ensure that any tickets returned to Wellbeing Escapes are sent by registered post.
What happens if my holiday is altered or cancelled by Wellbeing Escapes?

We hope and expect to be able to provide you with all the services we have confirmed to you at the time of booking. We organize arrangements/packages long in advance using independent suppliers such as airlines, hotels etc., over whom we have no direct control. On rare occasions changes do have to be made, and we reserve the right to make these. Most of these changes are minor. However, if we consider them significant changes we will do our best to advise you as soon as possible if there is time. A significant changes are considered to be one where there has been a change of resort, a change of accommodation to that of a lower category or price, a major treatment change, or, a change of flight time of more than 12 hours, and a change of departure airport, (except between London airports). Once we advise you of a significant change before your departure we will provide you with alternatives:

1. Accept the alternative offered (at additional cost if applicable).
2. Purchase another available holiday from us.
3. Cancel your holiday with a full refund of all monies paid.

In all 3 cases, compensation will be paid as detailed below unless the change occurs as a result of circumstances beyond our control: Period before departure within which a major Compensation change is notified to you per person

More than 60 days: NIL
60 – 46 days: £10
45 – 31 days: £20
30 – 15 days: £30
14 – 8 days: £40
7 – 0 days: £50

No compensation will be payable if we cancel as a result of your failure to comply with our booking conditions in particular payment for your booking.
We reserve the right to cancel your package arrangements for any reason and in any circumstances. However we will not cancel your package arrangement within 61 days of departure unless it is for a reason outside our control (see Events out of our control). If we have to cancel your holiday we will offer you:

a)   An alternative package arrangement of equivalent or of very similar standard and price, if available
b)   Travel arrangements of a lower standard and a refund of the difference in price
c)   A full refund of all monies paid

Compensation as offered for ‘significant changes’ will also be paid. No compensation is payable if the package arrangement is cancelled because the number of persons who agreed to take it is less than the minimum number required and you are informed of the cancellation in writing within the period indicated in the description of the package.

Is Wellbeing Escapes a member of ATOL / ABTA?

Wellbeing Escapes are fully bonded with ATOL (number 10269), so your package holiday (accommodation plus flight) is covered by the government body, the CAA, in the unlikely event that Wellbeing Escapes were to cease trading. To obtain an ATOL bond, all travel companies must comply with strict financial criteria regarding the solvency of Wellbeing Escapes.
Wellbeing Escapes are not members of ABTA, since ABTA is a trade association for travel agents, not tour operators. Please note, ABTA do not directly protect the consumer, consumer protection comes from ATOL.
Is my holiday protected if Wellbeing Escapes goes into administration?

Wellbeing Escapes are fully bonded with ATOL (number 10269), so your package holiday (accommodation plus flight) is covered by the government body, the CAA, in the unlikely event that Wellbeing Escapes were to cease trading. To obtain an ATOL bond, all travel companies must comply with strict financial criteria regarding the solvency of Wellbeing Escapes.
Wellbeing Escapes are not members of ABTA, since ABTA is a trade association for travel agents, not tour operators. An ABTA bond guarantees payment to a tour operator if the travel agent ceases trading. Since Wellbeing Escapes is a direct sell tour operator there is no travel agent-tour operator relationship, making ABTA bonding unnecessary and irrelevant. Please note, ABTA do not directly protect the consumer, consumer protection comes from ATOL.
Is it safe to book a holiday on your website?

Wellbeing Escapes is concerned about Internet security and takes care in ensuring all personal information is submitted securely. All our online credit card payments are processed using the latest ecommerce payment processing by Servebase.
All information submitted on the Wellbeing Escapes website is transmitted using Secure Socket Layer encryption (SSL) which automatically scrambles data before it is sent.
You can check the security of our checkout process as ‘https’ will show at the beginning of www.Wellbeing Escapes.co.uk web address. You will also see a padlock on the bottom bar of your web browser.
What are your opening times?

Our standard opening times for our Sales Consultants are:
Monday - Friday from 9.00 am to 6.00 pm and Saturday from 10.00 am to 3.00 pm
Times may vary on public bank holidays.
How can I contact your Sales Consultants?

Telephone Bookings: If you have made a booking by telephone, please contact your sales consultant who will be able to help with any query you may have. Please contact them directly on 020 3735 7555.
Online Bookings: If you have made a booking online, please call our Customer Services team on 020 3553 7620
Contact by Email: You can also email the Sales team at
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.


When do you dispatch my travel documents?

Travel documents are usually ready for dispatch to you at least ten days before departure, but cannot be released until we have received full payment (in cleared funds) from you for your Escape.
Should you not receive your documents, please contact our Sales Team on 020 3553 7620 for assistance.
What is an e-ticket?

E-ticket is the paperless electronic ticket; it’s paperless because when you book it the details are safely stored in the airline booking system so there is no need to send you a paper ticket. Airline systems and requirements do differ, so we will inform you and send any instructions or documentation required to you by email.
What are the passport and visa requirements for my trip?

It is your responsibility to identify all passport and requirements for your trip and that you allow adequate time to obtain required documents. Please note that many countries require that your passport is valid for six months beyond the period of your stay. Requirements can change and it is your responsibility to ensure that you comply with applicable passport and visa requirements and take all necessary documents with you to gain access to any country or region to which you make travel arrangements. If you fail to do so, you will be solely responsible for any cost, loss, or damage which you or Wellbeing Escapes incurs as a result of your failure. For regular updates on visa requirements or any conflictions in particular regions, see the Foreign Commonwealth Office Website
www.fco.gov.uk
Clients not holding passports marked “British Citizen” must check applicable requirements with their Embassy, Consulate, or the British Foreign Office.
Do I need to take any health precautions before travelling?

It is always best to check with your GP to see if you need any inoculations or medications. Sometimes these need to be taken in advance of your travel date.

Are transfers included with my holiday?

Transfers aren’t necessarily included as part of a package quoted on our website. Transfer details will be clearly stated if they are part of a particular package. When booking by phone, your Sales Consultant will discuss all transfer options with you if you wish to book this as part of your holiday.
What are usual check in and check out times at the resort?

Usual check in time at resorts is 2pm and usual check out time at resorts is 11am.
At what age is a child classified as an adult?
In most cases a child is classed as an adult on the day of their 12th birthday. You must ensure you have returned from you holiday before the date of the child’s 12th birthday; otherwise the adult price will apply.
How long before my flight departure do I need to check in?

We recommend that you check in at least 3 hours before departure for all flights. Please note, we cannot accept responsibility if you arrive later than check in closure and are unable to travel.
Can I pre book my flight seats?

Some airlines offer the facility to pre book seats online, though this is not always possible as our Escapes are based on Tour Operator fares. Where possible, Wellbeing Escapes will pre book seats, but has no control over the allocation of seats by the airlines. Seats numbers given at time of booking are never guaranteed and can therefore change. The provision of particular seats does not constitute a term of your contract with us.
Do you offer travel insurance?

Wellbeing Escapes recommend insurance through Holiday Extras who specialise in selling direct insurance over the internet for single trip, annual, golf, winter or business travel; please
click here
for more details.











































































Register for offers

Sign up for all our latest news, exclusive special offers, new escapes, discounts, prizes, and more.

Subscribe



Travel Logistics

How to prepare for your escape; information on documents, passports, visas, insurance, and airlines.

Resources



Keep in touch





Need Advice

You can call us for advice from
9am to 6pm, Monday to Friday
and
10am - 3pm Saturday
or
email
info@wellbeingescapes.com

020 3735 7555









Offers and news:




Offer of the Month - Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand

Our travel blogs - read where we've been








Information


Glossary

About Wellbeing Escapes

Press

Meet The Team!

Terms & Conditions

Data Protection & Privacy Policy

FAQs

Monarch Airlines Queries

ATOL Protected

Contact Us




Top Spa Holidays


Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary

SHA Wellness Clinic

Chiva-Som

Ti Sana

Ananda in the Himalayas

COMO Shambhala Estate

Shanti-Som

The BodyHoliday Le Sport


See A-Z of all Wellbeing Resorts




Trusted online payment certified through Comod






The air holidays shown are ATOL protected by the Civil Aviation Authority. Our ATOL number is ATOL 10269















Sign up to our newsletter for inspiration and exclusive offers which you can’t get directly! Receive a FREE copy of our wellbeing magazine packed full of expert tips.










