
Data Protection & Privacy Policy















Getting Details


This will just take a moment




























The Wellbeing Holiday Experts










Call us on

+44 20 3735 7555





Contact us online:






Open:  9 – 6 pm Monday-Friday & 10 - 3pm Saturday












Home





Holiday Types








Destination


Select a destination:



Select destination


Show Spas








Holiday types















Our wellbeing holidays
Looking for inspiration? Click the arrows below to find your perfect spa holiday!









Offers




































Offer notifications

Sign up for our latest offers and exclusive deals here








Don't miss out on knowing about the best offers and prizes!










Top 5’s, Reviews & Holiday Ideas







Latest Travel Reviews


Top 5 reasons to go to Shanti Maurice, Mauritius

Top 5 Must-Do Tips at Sen Wellness, Sri Lanka

Top 5 Reasons to go to Rancho La Puerta, Mexico

Top 5 Reasons to go to Paradis Plage Resort, Morocco

Top 5 Reasons to go to Palacio Estoril Golf & Spa Hotel, Portugal

See more






Wellbeing Escapes Ideas



Top Fitness Retreats

Fitness Holidays for Fitness Addicts

Yoga Holidays for Yoga Addicts

Spa Holidays to Help with Sleep Issues

Spa Holidays for Helping with Anxiety

Read all entries






Trip Planning







Top 5s



Top 5 Spa Holidays With A Difference

Our Top 5 Spa Holidays for Singles

Our Top 5 Spa Holidays for Stressed-Out Professionals

Our Top 5 Medical Spa Holidays

Our Top 5 Yoga Holidays

See more










Blog, Press & Advice






Press Cuttings


Read what the press say about us







Join our wellbeing tribe!


Our clients’ 2017 inspiring images






Blog


Feel-good entertainment for your wellness holiday

Top 5 reasons why we love SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain

Top 5 reasons why we love Absolute Sanctuary in Thailand

What to pack for the plane

My day on a plate at Almyra Hotel & Spa - Cyprus

Read all entries






Advice


Top Wellness Type Holidays










About Us






Sign up to our Newsletter!











Our Destinations Collection


Please email
info@wellbeingescapes.com
if you would like to be sent a printed copy.






Why Wellbeing Escapes?


Why Choose us
Meet The Team
Our Story







What The Press Say























Spa types menu


Ayurveda Retreats
Beach Spa Holidays
Detox Spa Holidays
Fitness Holidays
Health Spa Holidays
Luxury Spa Breaks UK
Spa Breaks To Heal A Broken Heart
Spa Breaks For Couples
Singles Spa Holidays
Spa Breaks Europe
Stress-Management Spa Holidays
Fitness holidays for men
Anti-ageing spa holidays
Yoga Holidays
Spa Breaks With Meditation
Weight Loss Holidays
Spa Holidays to Discover & Unwind
Health Boosting Hen, Honeymoon & Wedding Spa Breaks
Yoga Holidays in Europe
Pilates Holidays
Post cancer spa retreats
Holistic Retreats
Mindfulness Retreats
Sociable Spa Holidays/Group Fitness Holidays
Raw Food Retreats & Vegan Retreats
Life Coaching Retreats
Pilates Reformer Spa Holidays
Affordable Wellbeing Holidays
Spa Holidays





Destinations menu


Austria
UAE
Croatia
Cyprus
Greece
India
Indonesia
Italy
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Morocco
Oman
Portugal
Saint Lucia
Slovakia
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Switzerland
Thailand
Turkey
UK
Vietnam
Costa Rica
Spa Holidays in The Maldives





Expert Advice


Health Advice From Our Experts...
Top Healthy Living Tips!
Our Travel Blogs
Meet Team Wellbeing!
Health & Wellness Recipes
All You Need To Know About...
Spa Holidays Glossary & Treatment Guide
How long does it take to fly to.....?





Trip Planning


Spa Holiday Travel Logistics
In flight Health & Beauty Travel Tips
Travel Tips to Prepare Yourself For Your Spa Holiday
Top Tips For Detox Retreat Preparation





Latest News And Prizes


What the Press Say
Sign up to our newsletter for a free download of our Wellbeing Guide worth £16.99!
Wellbeing Wisdom - Our Blog!






Offer of the Month - Aguas de Ibiza
Greece Reassurance
The Pure Package
The Dukan Diet
Our Top Fitness Holiday Offers
Our Top 3 Detox Spa Holidays
Our Top 5 Fitness & Weight Loss Spa Holidays
Our Top 3 Romantic Spa Holidays
Travel Blog
Press Clipping - Wexas Traveller Magazine
Press Clipping - Stella Magazine
Offer of the Month - Penha Longa Hotel
New! Fit & Fun at Longevity
Wellbeing Booster at Grayshott
Spotlight on Almyra
Resources
Travel Documents
Airlines
About Wellbeing Escapes
Terms & Conditions
Data Protection & Privacy Policy
Offer of the Month - Kempinski San Lawrenz, Gozo, Malta
Why Book With Wellbeing Escapes
Wellbeing Escapes Price Guarantee
Frequently Asked Questions
ATOL
Kamalaya - My Personal Journey - Stella Photi
Exercise Tips to Strengthen Your Core
Phuket Cleanse
Top 5 Spa Breaks Under £2000
Wellbeing Booster Breaks
Offers Ending Soon
Stylist competition winners visit Almyra in Paphos
Kempinski Barbaros Bay - Turkey
What Makes Us Special
Why it Pays to Book with Wellbeing Escapes
Feedback from Fusion Maia
Alpine Fitness and Spa Holidays
Stella Photi
Peter Stearn
Helen Greenhow
Anuska Vidal
Miranda Vinall
Mike Marchetti
Interview with Ayurvedic Expert at Ananda in the Himalayas
Recipe for Orange and Rosemary Chicken
Top Tips for Wellbeing at Work
COMO Day Spa Voucher London
Guest Testimonials
test video embed
Ti Sana & Feel Unique Giveaway
5 Bad Eating Habits and How to Overcome Them
Sunbathing is Good For You
QMS Facial Explained!
Pilates Tips for Office Health
Ian Marber's Bikini Diet
Healthy Ageing Expert Advice
Our Top Detox Holidays
Inspire Me: Top Yoga Spots
Destination Focus: Oceano - Tenerife
Sweet onions with lentil stew
The Best Travel Apps Ever
Paying Lip Service
Mind Health
Healthy Hens and Honeymoons
Hot New Destinations
Digital Detox
Offer of the Month: Shanti-Som
The benefits of Nordic Walking
The benefits of DNA Testing for fitness and nutrition
Kempinski San Lawrenz Discover & Unwind Offer
Finland Activity Tour Offer
Aldemar Thalasso Relaxing Offer
Paradis Plage Yoga Offer
Columbia Beachotel Yoga & Pilates Offer
Chiva Som Destination Spa Offer
The Ananda 7 Night Ayurvedic Rejuvenation Offer
Spa holidays for friends & couples - FREE spa credit offers for April
The Benefits of an Ayurvedic Spa Break
Ten Signs that you are in need of a detox retreat
Fitness holidays in the sun
Looking for a yoga retreat...?
Villa Eden - Free Flight Offer
Ti Sana - Free Flight Offer
SHA Wellness Clinic - Free Flight Offer
Lefay Resort & SPA Lago di Garda - Free Flight Offer
Spa Holidays for Single
Europe's Best Spa Breaks
Spa holidays & Relaxing breaks - What's new
Lifestyle Changers
Is WIFI stressing you out?
Wellbeing Boosters by the Beach
Top Festive Escapes
Our Uber Luxe Edit
What Becomes Of The Broken Hearted?
Spa Holidays - Top Picks
Detox Retreats & Weight-Loss Holidays
Fitness & Weight Loss Holidays
Ask the wellbeing guru!
What Spa Type Are You?
What are the benefits of a health retreat?
What's the difference between a health retreat & a hotel with spa?
How can a wellness holiday help with issues such as stress or sleep?
I'm nervous about a holiday on my own - will I be the sad single?
What does a detox entail & what are the benefits?
What are the benefits of learning to meditate on a wellness holiday?
What spa type are you? Career-Maxed
What spa type are you? Clued-up Healthie
What spa type are you? Empty Nester
What spa type are you? Spa Queen
What spa type are you? Metrosexual Guy
What spa type are you? Eager to retire
What spa type are you? Young & Hip
Easter Spa Holidays Availability
Spa holidays with running
Spa holidays with swimming
Fitness holidays with cycling
Spa holidays with sailing & canoeing
WIN Our Facebook Competition - SHA Wellness Clinic Prizes
WIN Our Facebook Competition - Ila Face Serum
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Embracing Change Programme
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Holistic Holiday
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Comprehensive Detox Programme
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Optimal Fitness Programme
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Intro to Detox programme
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Yoga Holiday Programme
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Relax & Renew Programme
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Balance & Revitalise Programme
WIN Our Facebook Competition - The BodyHoliday
Personal Travel Blog - Almyra Hotel - Cyprus
Personal Travel Blog - Anassa - Cyprus
Personal Travel Blog - Aphrodite Hills Resort - Cyprus
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Healthy Break programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Fitness programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Sleep Recovery programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Stress Management programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Detox programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Intensive Detox programme
SHA Wellness Clinic - Weight Loss programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Discovery programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Essence programme
Ananda in the Himalayas in India - 7 night Ayurvedic Rejuvenation programme
Ananda in the Himalayas in India - Kick-start Weight Management programme
Ananda in the Himalayas in India - Yoga programme
WIN Our Facebook Competition - Asquith Activewear
The Ananda in the Himalayas - 7 Night Yogic Detox Programme
Ananda in the Himalayas in India - 7 Night Detox programme
WIN Our Facebook Competition - Lefay Resort & Spa Lago Di Garda
Want to get away for Christmas or New Year?
New Year Fitness & Spa Holidays
Christmas Spa & Fitness Holidays
Self-Love February - our Top 10 'no single supplement' destinations
Stop stressing, Start living - Our Top 5 programmes
Stop Stressing, Start Living - by Toby Maguire
My top meditation tips by Stella Photi, Wellbeing Escapes
Personal Travel Blog - Somatheeram Ayurveda Resort, India
Mother's Day - treat yours to a spa break!
Fitness Boosting Spa Holidays
Adults-only Spa Holidays
Relaxing spa holidays
Best raw food & vegan wellness retreats
My wonderful stay at Sen Wellness, Sri Lanka
Great Value Beach Spa Holidays
Join our team - job opportunities
Health Enhancing Spa Holidays
Top 5 Must-Do Tips at Amatara Wellness Resort, Thailand
The Mayr Concept
Telegraph Offer - Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand with Wellbeing Escapes
Telegraph Reader Offer Conditions
Monarch Airlines - what to do
Top Luxury Yoga Holidays
Autumn Wellbeing Booster Short Breaks
Win a Spa Day for Two at Lifehouse Spa in Thorpe-le-Soken, Essex
Christmas Spa Holidays & Fitness Holidays













"Wellbeing Escapes is the John Lewis of healthy breaks – they gave me great advice, arranged everything seamlessly, and gave me a real deal!"
- Ruby Wax, comedian & writer










Read our reviews







Data Protection & Privacy Policy

Wellbeing  Escapes values your privacy. This privacy policy details the kind of information we collect and how we use this information. You are free to decide what information you give to us, however some of services will be unavailable if you do not supply the mandatory information requested. Please contact our Customer Services department if you wish to discuss this in more detail.
1. In order to process your booking and to ensure that your Wellbeing Escapes arrangements run smoothly and meet your requirements we will need to use the information you provide such as your name, names of passengers traveling with you, address, e-mail address, any special needs.  This information allows us to process your request and send you a confirmation by e-mail or post. We ask for your telephone number so that we can contact you if there are any changes to your reservation.

2. We take full responsibility for ensuring that appropriate security measures are in place to protect your information.  In order to secure the various components of your booking we must provide the information to the relevant suppliers of your travel, and treatment arrangements, such as hotels, spa resorts, transportation companies etc. The information may also be provided to public authorities such as customs / immigration / Civil Aviation Authority as required by ATOL regulations or by state laws.
3. Wellbeing Escapes will not pass any information of your details to other companies for marketing purposes. We will not disclose credit/debit card numbers unless required by law.  Any information you supply, which is needed to fulfill your arrangement, may be passed on to the suppliers to ensure proper handling of your request.  Information may include disabilities, dietary or religious requirements.
4. Wellbeing Escapes may also need your name, address and/or e-mail address so that we can send out your brochure request, and/or advise you of specials offers/promotions we think you may be interested in. If you find that you would rather not have any contact with us, apart from what is necessary for us to give you our normal level of service either use the opt-out boxes on the online registration/booking from or alternatively, please write to us at the email address below.
5. If you are booking your Wellbeing Escapes arrangements online we will also need your credit/debit card details such as cardholder name, card number, and expiry & start date, security code, issue number and billing address.  All information submitted on the Wellbeing Escapes website is transmitted using Secure Socket Layer encryption (SSL) which automatically scrambles data before it is sent.
6. We use tracking software to monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to help us to further develop our site, improve navigation and information content to better meet the needs of visitors to www.wellbeingescapes.com. This software does not enable us to capture any personally identifying information.
7. When we take your information we offer the use of the secure server software (Secure Socket Layers - SSL version 3) which encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us.  When you place an order with us we offer the use of a secure server.
8. As required by the UK Data Protection Act of 1984 and 1998, we follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of information which you have given us, to prevent unauthorized access. Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we are able to disclose sensitive information to you.
9. Cookies: A cookie is a piece of text based information that a website transfers to your computer’s hard drive. When using selected services on our website, we will use cookies to help recognise you and the bookings you have made.

If your browser is set to reject the use of cookies, you will be unable to use selected online services such as ‘View My Booking’ and ‘Check My Booking’. In this situation, please contact our Customer Services department who will be able to access this booking information.
10. By using the Wellbeing Escapes web site, you agree to the collection and use of information by Wellbeing Escapes, in the ways described above.  If you have any further questions about our privacy or its implementation please e-mail
This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
or send a letter to Wellbeing Escapes, 28-29 The Quadrant Business Centre, 135 Salusbury Road, London NW6 6RJ, United Kingdom











































































Register for offers

Sign up for all our latest news, exclusive special offers, new escapes, discounts, prizes, and more.

Subscribe



Travel Logistics

How to prepare for your escape; information on documents, passports, visas, insurance, and airlines.

Resources



Keep in touch





Need Advice

You can call us for advice from
9am to 6pm, Monday to Friday
and
10am - 3pm Saturday
or
email
info@wellbeingescapes.com

020 3735 7555









Offers and news:




Offer of the Month - Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand

Our travel blogs - read where we've been








Information


Glossary

About Wellbeing Escapes

Press

Meet The Team!

Terms & Conditions

Data Protection & Privacy Policy

FAQs

Monarch Airlines Queries

ATOL Protected

Contact Us




Top Spa Holidays


Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary

SHA Wellness Clinic

Chiva-Som

Ti Sana

Ananda in the Himalayas

COMO Shambhala Estate

Shanti-Som

The BodyHoliday Le Sport


See A-Z of all Wellbeing Resorts




Trusted online payment certified through Comod






The air holidays shown are ATOL protected by the Civil Aviation Authority. Our ATOL number is ATOL 10269















Sign up to our newsletter for inspiration and exclusive offers which you can’t get directly! Receive a FREE copy of our wellbeing magazine packed full of expert tips.










