
Terms & Conditions















Getting Details


This will just take a moment




























The Wellbeing Holiday Experts










Call us on

+44 20 3735 7555





Contact us online:






Open:  9 – 6 pm Monday-Friday & 10 - 3pm Saturday












Home





Holiday Types








Destination


Select a destination:



Select destination


Show Spas








Holiday types















Our wellbeing holidays
Looking for inspiration? Click the arrows below to find your perfect spa holiday!









Offers




































Offer notifications

Sign up for our latest offers and exclusive deals here








Don't miss out on knowing about the best offers and prizes!










Top 5’s, Reviews & Holiday Ideas







Latest Travel Reviews


Top 5 reasons to go to Shanti Maurice, Mauritius

Top 5 Must-Do Tips at Sen Wellness, Sri Lanka

Top 5 Reasons to go to Rancho La Puerta, Mexico

Top 5 Reasons to go to Paradis Plage Resort, Morocco

Top 5 Reasons to go to Palacio Estoril Golf & Spa Hotel, Portugal

See more






Wellbeing Escapes Ideas



Top Fitness Retreats

Fitness Holidays for Fitness Addicts

Yoga Holidays for Yoga Addicts

Spa Holidays to Help with Sleep Issues

Spa Holidays for Helping with Anxiety

Read all entries






Trip Planning







Top 5s



Top 5 Spa Holidays With A Difference

Our Top 5 Spa Holidays for Singles

Our Top 5 Spa Holidays for Stressed-Out Professionals

Our Top 5 Medical Spa Holidays

Our Top 5 Yoga Holidays

See more










Blog, Press & Advice






Press Cuttings


Read what the press say about us







Join our wellbeing tribe!


Our clients’ 2017 inspiring images






Blog


Feel-good entertainment for your wellness holiday

Top 5 reasons why we love SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain

Top 5 reasons why we love Absolute Sanctuary in Thailand

What to pack for the plane

My day on a plate at Almyra Hotel & Spa - Cyprus

Read all entries






Advice


Top Wellness Type Holidays










About Us






Sign up to our Newsletter!











Our Destinations Collection


Please email
info@wellbeingescapes.com
if you would like to be sent a printed copy.






Why Wellbeing Escapes?


Why Choose us
Meet The Team
Our Story







What The Press Say























Spa types menu


Ayurveda Retreats
Beach Spa Holidays
Detox Spa Holidays
Fitness Holidays
Health Spa Holidays
Luxury Spa Breaks UK
Spa Breaks To Heal A Broken Heart
Spa Breaks For Couples
Singles Spa Holidays
Spa Breaks Europe
Stress-Management Spa Holidays
Fitness holidays for men
Anti-ageing spa holidays
Yoga Holidays
Spa Breaks With Meditation
Weight Loss Holidays
Spa Holidays to Discover & Unwind
Health Boosting Hen, Honeymoon & Wedding Spa Breaks
Yoga Holidays in Europe
Pilates Holidays
Post cancer spa retreats
Holistic Retreats
Mindfulness Retreats
Sociable Spa Holidays/Group Fitness Holidays
Raw Food Retreats & Vegan Retreats
Life Coaching Retreats
Pilates Reformer Spa Holidays
Affordable Wellbeing Holidays
Spa Holidays





Destinations menu


Austria
UAE
Croatia
Cyprus
Greece
India
Indonesia
Italy
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Morocco
Oman
Portugal
Saint Lucia
Slovakia
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Switzerland
Thailand
Turkey
UK
Vietnam
Costa Rica
Spa Holidays in The Maldives





Expert Advice


Health Advice From Our Experts...
Top Healthy Living Tips!
Our Travel Blogs
Meet Team Wellbeing!
Health & Wellness Recipes
All You Need To Know About...
Spa Holidays Glossary & Treatment Guide
How long does it take to fly to.....?





Trip Planning


Spa Holiday Travel Logistics
In flight Health & Beauty Travel Tips
Travel Tips to Prepare Yourself For Your Spa Holiday
Top Tips For Detox Retreat Preparation





Latest News And Prizes


What the Press Say
Sign up to our newsletter for a free download of our Wellbeing Guide worth £16.99!
Wellbeing Wisdom - Our Blog!






Offer of the Month - Aguas de Ibiza
Greece Reassurance
The Pure Package
The Dukan Diet
Our Top Fitness Holiday Offers
Our Top 3 Detox Spa Holidays
Our Top 5 Fitness & Weight Loss Spa Holidays
Our Top 3 Romantic Spa Holidays
Travel Blog
Press Clipping - Wexas Traveller Magazine
Press Clipping - Stella Magazine
Offer of the Month - Penha Longa Hotel
New! Fit & Fun at Longevity
Wellbeing Booster at Grayshott
Spotlight on Almyra
Resources
Travel Documents
Airlines
About Wellbeing Escapes
Terms & Conditions
Data Protection & Privacy Policy
Offer of the Month - Kempinski San Lawrenz, Gozo, Malta
Why Book With Wellbeing Escapes
Wellbeing Escapes Price Guarantee
Frequently Asked Questions
ATOL
Kamalaya - My Personal Journey - Stella Photi
Exercise Tips to Strengthen Your Core
Phuket Cleanse
Top 5 Spa Breaks Under £2000
Wellbeing Booster Breaks
Offers Ending Soon
Stylist competition winners visit Almyra in Paphos
Kempinski Barbaros Bay - Turkey
What Makes Us Special
Why it Pays to Book with Wellbeing Escapes
Feedback from Fusion Maia
Alpine Fitness and Spa Holidays
Stella Photi
Peter Stearn
Helen Greenhow
Anuska Vidal
Miranda Vinall
Mike Marchetti
Interview with Ayurvedic Expert at Ananda in the Himalayas
Recipe for Orange and Rosemary Chicken
Top Tips for Wellbeing at Work
COMO Day Spa Voucher London
Guest Testimonials
test video embed
Ti Sana & Feel Unique Giveaway
5 Bad Eating Habits and How to Overcome Them
Sunbathing is Good For You
QMS Facial Explained!
Pilates Tips for Office Health
Ian Marber's Bikini Diet
Healthy Ageing Expert Advice
Our Top Detox Holidays
Inspire Me: Top Yoga Spots
Destination Focus: Oceano - Tenerife
Sweet onions with lentil stew
The Best Travel Apps Ever
Paying Lip Service
Mind Health
Healthy Hens and Honeymoons
Hot New Destinations
Digital Detox
Offer of the Month: Shanti-Som
The benefits of Nordic Walking
The benefits of DNA Testing for fitness and nutrition
Kempinski San Lawrenz Discover & Unwind Offer
Finland Activity Tour Offer
Aldemar Thalasso Relaxing Offer
Paradis Plage Yoga Offer
Columbia Beachotel Yoga & Pilates Offer
Chiva Som Destination Spa Offer
The Ananda 7 Night Ayurvedic Rejuvenation Offer
Spa holidays for friends & couples - FREE spa credit offers for April
The Benefits of an Ayurvedic Spa Break
Ten Signs that you are in need of a detox retreat
Fitness holidays in the sun
Looking for a yoga retreat...?
Villa Eden - Free Flight Offer
Ti Sana - Free Flight Offer
SHA Wellness Clinic - Free Flight Offer
Lefay Resort & SPA Lago di Garda - Free Flight Offer
Spa Holidays for Single
Europe's Best Spa Breaks
Spa holidays & Relaxing breaks - What's new
Lifestyle Changers
Is WIFI stressing you out?
Wellbeing Boosters by the Beach
Top Festive Escapes
Our Uber Luxe Edit
What Becomes Of The Broken Hearted?
Spa Holidays - Top Picks
Detox Retreats & Weight-Loss Holidays
Fitness & Weight Loss Holidays
Ask the wellbeing guru!
What Spa Type Are You?
What are the benefits of a health retreat?
What's the difference between a health retreat & a hotel with spa?
How can a wellness holiday help with issues such as stress or sleep?
I'm nervous about a holiday on my own - will I be the sad single?
What does a detox entail & what are the benefits?
What are the benefits of learning to meditate on a wellness holiday?
What spa type are you? Career-Maxed
What spa type are you? Clued-up Healthie
What spa type are you? Empty Nester
What spa type are you? Spa Queen
What spa type are you? Metrosexual Guy
What spa type are you? Eager to retire
What spa type are you? Young & Hip
Easter Spa Holidays Availability
Spa holidays with running
Spa holidays with swimming
Fitness holidays with cycling
Spa holidays with sailing & canoeing
WIN Our Facebook Competition - SHA Wellness Clinic Prizes
WIN Our Facebook Competition - Ila Face Serum
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Embracing Change Programme
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Holistic Holiday
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Comprehensive Detox Programme
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Optimal Fitness Programme
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Intro to Detox programme
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Yoga Holiday Programme
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Relax & Renew Programme
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Balance & Revitalise Programme
WIN Our Facebook Competition - The BodyHoliday
Personal Travel Blog - Almyra Hotel - Cyprus
Personal Travel Blog - Anassa - Cyprus
Personal Travel Blog - Aphrodite Hills Resort - Cyprus
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Healthy Break programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Fitness programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Sleep Recovery programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Stress Management programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Detox programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Intensive Detox programme
SHA Wellness Clinic - Weight Loss programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Discovery programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Essence programme
Ananda in the Himalayas in India - 7 night Ayurvedic Rejuvenation programme
Ananda in the Himalayas in India - Kick-start Weight Management programme
Ananda in the Himalayas in India - Yoga programme
WIN Our Facebook Competition - Asquith Activewear
The Ananda in the Himalayas - 7 Night Yogic Detox Programme
Ananda in the Himalayas in India - 7 Night Detox programme
WIN Our Facebook Competition - Lefay Resort & Spa Lago Di Garda
Want to get away for Christmas or New Year?
New Year Fitness & Spa Holidays
Christmas Spa & Fitness Holidays
Self-Love February - our Top 10 'no single supplement' destinations
Stop stressing, Start living - Our Top 5 programmes
Stop Stressing, Start Living - by Toby Maguire
My top meditation tips by Stella Photi, Wellbeing Escapes
Personal Travel Blog - Somatheeram Ayurveda Resort, India
Mother's Day - treat yours to a spa break!
Fitness Boosting Spa Holidays
Adults-only Spa Holidays
Relaxing spa holidays
Best raw food & vegan wellness retreats
My wonderful stay at Sen Wellness, Sri Lanka
Great Value Beach Spa Holidays
Join our team - job opportunities
Health Enhancing Spa Holidays
Top 5 Must-Do Tips at Amatara Wellness Resort, Thailand
The Mayr Concept
Telegraph Offer - Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand with Wellbeing Escapes
Telegraph Reader Offer Conditions
Monarch Airlines - what to do
Top Luxury Yoga Holidays
Autumn Wellbeing Booster Short Breaks
Win a Spa Day for Two at Lifehouse Spa in Thorpe-le-Soken, Essex
Christmas Spa Holidays & Fitness Holidays













"Wellbeing Escapes is the John Lewis of healthy breaks – they gave me great advice, arranged everything seamlessly, and gave me a real deal!"
- Ruby Wax, comedian & writer










Read our reviews







Terms & Conditions



Print



Wellbeing Escapes Limited

Bookings Terms & Conditions

These Booking Conditions, together with our privacy policy and any other written information we brought to your attention before we confirmed your booking, set out the details of your booking with Wellbeing Escapes Limited, a company registered in England and Wales under company number 05198764 (“we” or “us”).

Wellbeing Escapes Ltd, registered trading office at:
Studio 318, Screenworks
22 Highbury Grove, London N5 2EF

Please read them carefully as they set out our respective rights and obligations. In these Booking Conditions references to “you" and "your" include the first named person on the booking and all persons on whose behalf a booking is made or any other person to whom a booking is added or transferred.

By making a booking, the first named person on the booking agrees on behalf of all persons detailed on the booking that:

1.       He/she has read these terms and conditions and has the authority to and does agree to be bound by them;
2.       He/she consents to our use of information in accordance with our Privacy Policy;
3.       He/she is over 18 years of age and where placing an order for services with age restrictions declares that he/she and all members of the party are of the appropriate age to purchase those services.  Please note that a minimum age may be required for spa programmes - please contact us for further information.

Our obligations to you will vary depending upon whether we act as a package organiser in the sale of a package holiday, as a Principal in the sale of single-element bookings (such as accommodation only bookings) or as an agent to help you to arrange holiday products; our differing obligations are set out below, in four separate sections: Section A contains the conditions which will apply to all bookings. Section B contains the conditions which apply to agency bookings. Section C contains the conditions which will apply where you make a single-element booking with us and we are acting as Principal. Section D contains the conditions which will apply when you make a booking with us and we act as the package organiser.

SECTION A – APPLICABLE TO ALL BOOKINGS

1. Booking

When you make a booking, you confirm that you have the authority to accept and do accept these conditions on your behalf and on behalf of all members of your party and further, if you are making a booking for more than one person, that you are responsible for all payments due from each and every member of your party. It is your responsibility to ensure that any information which you give us is accurate and that information which is given to you by us or any of our suppliers is passed on to all members of your party.

When you make your booking you must pay the relevant deposit as specified at the time of booking. No contract will come into existence until we accept your booking and we receive your deposit or full payment in cleared funds and issue you with a confirmation invoice either on behalf of ourselves or the supplier in question.

Please check that all names, dates and timings are correct on receipt of all documents and advise us of any errors immediately, as changes cannot be made later and it may harm your rights if we are not notified of any inaccuracies in any document immediately. Please ensure that the names given are the same as in the relevant passport.

The booking information that you provide to us will be passed on only to the relevant suppliers of your travel arrangements or other persons necessary for the provision of your travel arrangements. The information may therefore be provided to public authorities such as customs or immigration if required by them, or as required by law. This applies to any sensitive information that you give to us such as details of any disabilities, or dietary and religious requirements. Certain information may also be passed on to security or credit checking companies.

2. Payment

For call centre bookings, you will be required to pay a deposit or make full payment for your booking at the time of booking. If your booking is made more than 60 days in advance of the departure date, you can pay a deposit the equivalent of 25% of the total booking price or the cost of the flight, if applicable, which is greater. For all website bookings, full payment is required at the time of booking.

Where you only pay a deposit you must pay the full balance by the balance due date notified. If full payment is not received by the balance due date, we will notify the supplier who may cancel your booking and charge the cancellation fees set out in their Terms and Conditions. Alternatively, where you have booked a package or accommodation only arrangement with us, you will be subject to our cancellation charges as set out in Sections C and D below.

Payments can be made using American Express, Visa, MasterCard, Maestro, Visa Debit. If you pay by American Express a 2.25% credit card transaction fee will be applied. If paying by Visa/MasterCard, a 1.95% credit card transaction fee will be applied. If you wish to pay by cheque or bank transfer, we also need a valid credit/debit card to guarantee your booking. If we do not receive your cheque or bank payment within 4 days of confirming your booking, or in case the cheque is dishonoured by the bank, we reserve the right to charge your credit/debit card for the appropriate amount in addition to a £25.00 administrative fee.

3. Accuracy

We endeavour to ensure that all of the information and prices both on our website and in our brochures are accurate; however, occasionally changes and errors occur and we reserve the right to correct prices and other details in such circumstances. You must check the current price and all other details relating to the arrangements that you wish to book before your booking is confirmed.

4. Special Requests

If you have any special requests please let us know at the time of booking. We will pass on all such requests to the supplier/representatives but we do not guarantee that they will be met and we will have no liability to you if they are not.

5. Insurance

Adequate travel insurance is a condition of booking with us. You must take out a policy of insurance in order to cover you and your party against the cost of cancellation by you; the cost of assistance (including repatriation) in the event of accident or illness; loss of baggage and money; and other expenses. Failure to disclose relevant information will affect your insurance. If you fail to travel with adequate insurance cover we will not be liable for any losses in respect of which insurance cover would otherwise have been available.

6. Accommodation Ratings and Standards

Accommodation ratings are displayed as provided by the supplier. These are intended to give a guide to the services and facilities you should expect from your accommodation. Standards and ratings may vary between countries, as well as between suppliers. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of any ratings given and no warranty is given or implied.

Safety standards in some countries may differ from those applicable in the United Kingdom. We strongly advise that all customers seek to minimise their exposure to injury by familiarising themselves with relevant safety information.

7. Fitness to Travel and Medical Conditions

If you have any medical condition, disability or special requirements which may affect your holiday, please tell us before you confirm your booking, as we are able to make enquiries of the supplier about the suitability of arrangements for you and provide replies prior to booking.

8. Behaviour

Please be aware that the booking conditions of the supplier will normally state that your holiday arrangements can be terminated, with no refund, if the behaviour of your party falls below an acceptable standard. Suppliers will also often require you to pay for any damage you cause to the accommodation or services in resort. We are under no obligation to you if any event such as this occurs. You agree to indemnify us for the full amount of any claim (including all legal costs) made against us by the supplier or any third party as a result of your conduct.

9. Delivery of Documents

For call centre bookings, all documents (e.g. invoices/tickets) will be sent to you approximately 10 days before departure by email or First Class post if requested at the time of booking. Once documents leave our offices we will not be responsible for their loss unless such loss is due to our negligence. If tickets or other documents need to be reissued all costs must be paid by you. You can ask for delivery by other means subject to payment of the necessary charges. Airline tickets may only be issued as e-tickets and you may only receive a receipt or itinerary.

For website bookings, full travel documentation will be sent by email within three working days from the date of confirmation.

10. Passports, Visas and Health

We can provide general information about the passport and visa requirements for your trip, but this is for guidance only and it remains your responsibility to check the requirements before you travel. Your specific passport and visa requirements, and other immigration requirements, are your responsibility and you should confirm these with the relevant Embassies and/or Consulates prior to travel. Neither we nor the supplier accept any responsibility if you cannot travel because you have not complied with any passport, visa or immigration requirements.

We can provide general information about any health formalities required for your trip but you should check with your own doctor for your specific circumstances. It is your responsibility to read and follow up-to-date travel advice obtained from the Foreign and Commonwealth Office (
www.fco.gov.uk
)
.

11. Final Travel Arrangements

Please ensure that all your travel, passport, visa and insurance documents are in order and that you arrive in plenty of time for checking in at the airport, ferry port or train station. It may be necessary to reconfirm your flight with the airline prior to departure, please check with your airline. You should take a note of any reference number or contact name when reconfirming. If you fail to reconfirm you may be refused permission to board the aircraft and you are unlikely to receive any refund.

12. Complaints

Where we are acting as agent, the contract for your arrangements is between you and the supplier and any queries or concerns should be addressed to them. If you have a problem whilst on holiday, this must be reported to the representative / supplier or their local supplier or agent immediately. If you fail to follow this procedure there will be less opportunity to investigate and rectify your complaint. The amount of compensation you may be entitled to may be reduced or you may not receive any at all depending upon the circumstances.

If you wish to complain when you return home, write to the supplier. You will see the name and address plus contact details in any confirmation documents we send you. We will of course assist you with this if you wish - please contact us.

Where you have booked a package holiday with us or a single-element booking where we are acting as principal, please inform us immediately by contacting us on the numbers listed on our website. If your complaint is not resolved locally, please follow this up within 28 days of your return home by writing to us giving your booking reference and all other relevant information. It is strongly recommended that you communicate any complaint to the supplier of the services in question without delay whilst in resort. If you fail to follow this procedure we will have been deprived of the opportunity to investigate and rectify your complaint whilst you were in resort and this may affect your rights under this contract.

13. Financial Protection

Please ask us about the protection that applies to your booking. If you receive an ATOL Certificate then you will have ATOL protection.

In relation to flight inclusive package holidays sold by us, the Package Travel (etc.) Regulations require us to provide security for the monies that you pay and for repatriation in the event of our insolvency. We provide this security by way of an ATOL (number 10269) administered by the Civil Aviation Authority. When you buy an ATOL protected flight or flight inclusive holiday from us you will receive an ATOL Certificate. This lists what is financially protected, where you can get information on what this means for you and who to contact if things go wrong.

We, or the suppliers identified on your ATOL Certificate, will provide you with the services listed on the ATOL Certificate (or a suitable alternative). In some cases, where neither we nor the supplier are able to do so for reasons of insolvency, an alternative ATOL holder may provide you with the services you have bought or a suitable alternative (at no extra cost to you). You agree to accept that in those circumstances the alternative ATOL holder will perform those obligations and under your contract, you agree to pay any money outstanding to that alternative ATOL holder. However, you also agree that in some cases it will not be possible to appoint an alternative ATOL holder, in which case you will be entitled to make a claim under the ATOL scheme (or your credit card issuer where applicable).

If we, or the suppliers identified on your ATOL certificate, are unable to provide the services listed (or a suitable alternative, through an alternative ATOL holder or otherwise) for reasons of insolvency, the Trustees of the Air Travel Trust may make a payment to (or confer a benefit on) you under the ATOL scheme. You agree that in return for such a payment or benefit you assign absolutely to those Trustees any claims which you have or may have arising out of or relating to the non-provision of the services, including any claim against us, the travel agent (or your credit card issuer where applicable). You also agree that any such claims may be re-assigned to another body, if that other body has paid sums you have claimed under the ATOL scheme.

If you book arrangements other than an ATOL protected flight or Package from us, your monies will not be financially protected. Please ask us for further details.

14. Flight-Plus bookings

1)
A Flight-Plus exists where you request to book a flight out of the UK, or a flight into the UK where you departed from the UK by another means and on the same day, the day before or the day after, you also request to book either living accommodation or self-drive car hire which takes place outside the UK and is supplied under or in connection with your flight. In all cases the services must cover a period of more than twenty four hours or include overnight living accommodation in order to make them a Flight-Plus. If in connection with the flight, you also book any other tourist services which are not ancillary to flight or living accommodation and which account for a significant proportion of the Flight-Plus, they will also form part of the Flight-Plus; provided that they are booked the day of, day before, or the day after you booked the flight.

2)
A Flight-Plus will also exist where on the same day, the day before or the day after you have requested to book: a) a non flight inclusive Package, you request to book a flight out of the UK, or a flight into the UK where you departed from the UK by another means or b) a flight inclusive Package, you request to book accommodation or self-drive car hire outside the UK. (A Package exists if you book a pre-arranged combination of at least two of the following components when sold or offered for sale at an inclusive price and when the service covers a period of more than twenty-four hours or includes overnight accommodation:-(a) transport; (b) accommodation; (c) other tourist services not ancillary to transport or accommodation and accounting for a significant proportion of the Package.)

3)
A flight which begins and ends in the United Kingdom will not form part of a Flight-Plus. A Flight-Plus will cease to exist and this clause will not apply if you cancel any component of your Flight-Plus; and as a consequence of that cancellation, the requirements in paragraph (1) are no longer satisfied.

4)
Where you request to book a Flight-Plus, we will be a Flight-Plus Arranger in accordance with the definitions set out in Regulation 25 of The Civil Aviation (Air Travel Organisers’ Licensing) Regulations 2012. The failure or insolvency of a provider will have the meaning prescribed in Regulation 23 of the ATOL Regulations 2012.

5)
If, before your intended departure on a Flight-Plus we become aware that any part of your Flight-Plus will not be provided because of the insolvency of any person concerned with the provision of the arrangements making up a Flight-Plus we will provide you with suitable alternative arrangements at no extra cost. If it is impossible to make such arrangements, we will give you a full refund of all monies paid to us in respect of your Flight-Plus.

6)
If, after your intended departure on a Flight-Plus we become aware your flight arrangements will not be provided because of the insolvency of any person concerned with the provision of the flight accommodation making up your Flight-Plus we will provide you with suitable alternative transport back to the place of departure or to another return point to which you have agreed.

7)
If, after your intended departure on a Flight-Plus we become aware that your living accommodation or self-drive car hire will not be provided because of the insolvency of any person concerned with the provision of the living accommodation or self-drive car hire making up your Flight-Plus, we will provide you with suitable alternative living accommodation or self-drive car hire at no extra cost. If it is impossible to make such arrangements, we will give you a full refund of all monies paid to us in respect of all unused flight accommodation, living accommodation, self-drive car hire and other tourist services forming part of your Flight-Plus.

8)
Where suitable alternative arrangements are provided as set out in clauses 14 2) (b) – (d) above, we will where appropriate, pay you reasonable compensation in line with the table in clause 33, to include any incidental expenses reasonably incurred by you and evidenced by receipts. Compensation will not be payable if living accommodation or self drive car hire is offered by us and accepted by you with a higher price than that originally booked and is supplied in the same location as originally booked where no additional payment is made by you.

15. Force Majeure

Except where otherwise expressly stated in these booking conditions we will not be liable or pay you compensation if our contractual obligations to you are affected by any event which we or the supplier of the service in question could not, even with all due care, foresee or avoid. These events can include, but are not limited to war, threat of war, civil strife, terrorist activity and its consequences or the threat of such activity, riot, the act of any government or other national or local authority including port or river authorities, industrial dispute, lock closure, natural or nuclear disaster, fire, chemical or biological disaster and all similar events outside our control or the control of the supplier concerned.

16. Law and Jurisdiction

These terms and conditions are governed by English law and any dispute arising between the parties is subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales (unless you live in Scotland or Northern Ireland, in which case you can bring proceedings in your local court under Scottish or Northern Irish law, as applicable).

17. Conditions of Suppliers

Many of the services which make up your holiday are provided by independent suppliers. Those suppliers provide these services in accordance with their own terms and conditions which will form part of your contract with us. Some of these terms and conditions may limit or exclude the supplier's liability to you, usually in accordance with applicable International Conventions. Copies of the relevant parts of these terms and conditions are available on request from us or the supplier concerned.

18. Data Protection and Privacy

Please see our data protection and privacy policy for full information regarding the way in which we use and store your personal data.

SECTION B - AGENCY BOOKINGS

This section applies to bookings we make for you when acting as agent. Please read this section in conjunction with Section A of these Booking Conditions.

19. Your Contract

Occasionally, we will advertise Package Holidays and Hotels for sale which have been organised by other suppliers. We can take bookings for such Package Holidays and Hotels in our role as an agent on behalf of the supplier in question. Where we are acting as an agent you will not be entering into a contract with us for the Package Holiday or Hotel and we will not be providing the Package or Hotel in question. Instead, when making your booking, we will arrange for you to enter into a contract with the supplier named on your receipt.

Where we are advertising Packages or Hotels for sale as an agent only, we will display this fact clearly on our website or marketing material.

As an agent we accept no responsibility for the acts or omissions of the supplier or for the services provided by the supplier. The supplier’s Terms & Conditions will apply to your booking and we advise you to read these carefully as they will contain important information about your booking. Please ask us for copies of these if you do not have them.

20. Cancellation and Amendment

Any cancellation or amendment request must be sent to us in writing, by email, fax or post, and will take effect from the day we receive it. Please ensure that you have received written confirmation of any changes to your booking prior to travel. Amendments and cancellations can only be accepted in accordance with the terms and conditions of the supplier of your arrangements. The supplier may charge the cancellation or amendment charges shown in their booking conditions (which may be as much as 100% of the cost of the travel arrangements and will normally increase closer to the date of departure). In addition we may ask you to pay an administration fee of £50 per person for any amendments. You will be notified of the exact charges at the time of amendment or cancellation and it is recommended that you contact us prior to amendment or cancellation in order to confirm the charges applicable.

21. Changes or Cancellations by the Supplier

We will inform you of any changes or cancellations made by the supplier as soon as reasonably possible. If the supplier offers alternative arrangements or a refund, you will need to let us know your choice within the stipulated time frame. If you fail to do so the supplier is entitled to assume you wish to receive a full refund. We accept no liability for any changes or cancellations made to your arrangements by the supplier under your contract with them.

22. Payment

If you have paid a deposit, you must pay the full balance by the balance due date notified to you. If full payment is not received by the balance due date, we will notify the supplier who may cancel your booking and charge the cancellation fees set out in their booking conditions. In this event we will also charge you an administration fee of £50. Except where otherwise advised or stated in the booking conditions of the supplier concerned, all monies you pay to us for arrangements will be held on behalf of the supplier(s) concerned.

23. Our Responsibility for Your Booking

Your contract is with the supplier and its booking conditions apply. As agent, we accept no responsibility for the actual provision of the arrangements. Our responsibilities are limited to making the booking in accordance with your instructions. We accept no responsibility for any information about the arrangements that we pass on to you in good faith. However, in the event that we are found liable to you on any basis whatsoever, our maximum liability to you is limited to twice the cost of the commission earned in relation to your booking (or the appropriate proportion of this if not everyone on the booking is affected). We do not exclude or limit any liability for death or personal injury that arises as a result of our negligence or that of any of our employees whilst acting in the course of their employment.

SECTION C – PRINCIPAL BOOKINGS

This section applies to all single element bookings (i.e. accommodation only bookings) where your contract is with Wellbeing Escapes Limited. You will know whether your contract is with us as it will be specified during the booking process and on your confirmation invoice. Please read this section in conjunction with Section A of these Booking Conditions.

24. Pricing

The price of your arrangements will be confirmed on booking. When you have booked and paid your deposit, or the full amount if you book within 60 days of departure, the price of your booking as shown on your confirmation invoice is guaranteed, unless you elect to change the confirmed booking. The price of your confirmed booking is also subject at all times to cost changes arising from government action such as changes in VAT or any other government imposed changes; and to changes in the currency exchange used to calculate your arrangements any or all of which may result in a variation of the price of your arrangements.

Occasionally we offer hotel promotional or early booking offers. They are based on special offers where it is necessary to pay the hotel in part or in full at the time of booking, and where those suppliers concerned have booking conditions different to ours. In these circumstances the deposit payment will be the value of the pre-payment amount required for the special offer. If this applies to your booking you will be advised at the time you are quoted and what the deposit will be for your accommodation. The deposit will be non-refundable in the event of cancellation.

25. Changes Made by You

If you wish to change any part of your booking arrangements after our confirmation invoice has been issued, you must inform us in writing as soon as possible. This should be done by the first named person on the booking. Whilst we will do our best to assist, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to meet your requested change.
Where we can meet a request, all changes will be subject to payment of an administration fee of £50 per person per change as well as any applicable rate changes or extra costs incurred as well as any costs incurred by ourselves and any costs or charges incurred or imposed by any of our suppliers. You should be aware that these costs could increase the closer to the departure date that changes are made and you should contact us as soon as possible. Where we are unable to assist you and you do not wish to proceed with the original booking we will treat this as a cancellation by you. A cancellation fee may be payable (see below).

Please note: Certain arrangements may not be amended, even to change a name, after they have been confirmed and any alteration could incur a cancellation charge of up to 100% of that part of the arrangements.

26. If You Cancel Your Booking

If you or any other member of your party decides to cancel your confirmed booking you must notify us in writing. Your notice of cancellation will only take effect when it is received in writing by us at our offices and will be effective from the date on which we receive it. We recommend that you use recorded delivery. Cancellation charges for the arrangements will be as follows:




Period before departure within which notice of Cancellation by you is received

Amount of cancellation charge



61 days or more

25% of holiday cost



60 - 30 days

60% of holiday cost



Less than 30 days

100% of holiday cost




27. If We Change or Cancel Your Booking

We may in exceptional circumstances be required to cancel your booking in which case a full refund of all monies paid will be made to you. We regret we cannot meet any expenses or losses that you may incur as a result of change or cancellation.

Very rarely, we may be forced by "force majeure" to change or terminate all or some of your arrangements after departure. If this situation does occur, we regret we will be unable to make any refunds, pay you compensation or meet any costs or expenses you incur as a result.

28. Our Responsibilities

(1)
Subject to the remainder of this clause, we have a duty to select the suppliers of the services making up your booking with us with reasonable skill and care. We have no liability to you for the actual provision of the services, except in cases where it is proved that we have breached that duty and damage to you has been caused. Therefore, providing we have selected the suppliers/subcontractors with reasonable skill and care, we will have no liability to you for anything that happens during the service in question or any acts or omissions of the supplier, its employees or agents.

(2)
We will not be responsible or pay you compensation for any injury, illness, death, loss, damage, expense, cost or other claim of any description if it results from:-

(a)
the act(s) and/or omission(s) of the person(s) affected; or

(b)
the act(s) and/or omission(s) of a third party unconnected with the provision of the services contracted for and which were unforeseeable or unavoidable; or

(c)
unusual or unforeseeable circumstances beyond ours or our supplier(s) control, the consequences of which could not have been avoided even if all due care had been exercised; or

(d)
an event which either ourselves or suppliers could not, even with all due care, have foreseen or forestalled.

(3)
We limit the amount of compensation we may have to pay you if we are found liable under this clause:

(a)
loss of and/or damage to any luggage or personal possessions and money,

The maximum amount we will have to pay you in respect of these claims is £25 per person in total because you are assumed to have adequate insurance in place to cover any losses of this kind.

(b)
Claims not falling under
(a)
above and which don’t involve injury, illness or death

The maximum amount we will have to pay you in respect of these claims is twice the price paid by you in total. This maximum amount will only be payable where everything has gone wrong and you have not received any benefit at all from your booking.

(4)
It is a condition of our acceptance of liability under this clause that you notify any claim to ourselves and our supplier(s) strictly in accordance with the complaints procedure set out in these conditions.

(5)
Where any payment is made, the person(s) receiving it (and their parent or guardian if under 18 years) must also assign to ourselves or our insurers any rights they may have to pursue any third party and must provide ourselves and our insurers with all assistance we may reasonably require.

(6)
Please note, we cannot accept any liability for any damage, loss or expense or other sum(s) of any description: (a) which on the basis of the information given to us by you concerning your booking prior to our accepting it, we could not have foreseen you would suffer or incur if we breached our contract with you; or (b) relate to any business.

We will not accept responsibility for services or facilities which do not form part of our agreement or where they are not advertised in our brochure. For example any excursion you book whilst away, or any service or facility which your hotel or any other supplier agrees to provide for you.

SECTION D - PACKAGE HOLIDAY BOOKINGS

This section only applies to Package Holidays booked with us as Organiser. Please read this section in conjunction with Section A of these Booking Conditions.

29. Definition of Package

A “Package Holiday” exists if you book a pre-arranged combination of at least two of the following components when sold or offered for sale at an inclusive price and when the service covers a period of more than twenty-four hours or includes overnight accommodation: (a) transport; (b) accommodation; (c) other tourist services not ancillary to transport or accommodation and accounting for a significant proportion of the package. Where you have booked a Package Holiday with us, we will accept responsibility for it in accordance with these Booking Conditions as an “Organiser” under the Package Travel, Package Holidays and Package Tours Regulations 1992.

30. Pricing

When you book a Package with us, you must pay either a deposit or the full balance of the total advertised price, if booking within 8 weeks of departure or booking via the website. Where you pay only a deposit at the time of booking, full payment is due no later than 60 days prior to departure.

Occasionally some of the packages we offer are based on promotional fares or include special offers at hotels where it is necessary to issue the air tickets or pay the hotel special offer in part or in full at the time of booking, and where those suppliers concerned have booking conditions different to ours. In these circumstances the deposit payment will be the value of the air tickets issued and/or the pre-payment amount required for the special offer. If this applies to your booking you will be advised at the time you are quoted and what the deposit will be for your holiday. The deposit will be non-refundable in the event of cancellation.

We reserve the right to amend the price of unsold holidays at any time and correct errors in the prices of confirmed holidays. The price of your confirmed Package is subject at all times to changes in transport costs such as fuel, and any other airline cost changes which are part of our contracts with airlines (and their agents), operators and any other transport provider; and to changes in the currency exchange used to calculate your arrangements and to rates, dues, taxes or fees chargeable for services such as landing taxes or embarkation or disembarkation fees at ports and airports any or all of which may result in a variation of your holiday price.

We will absorb and you will not be charged for any increase equivalent to 2% of the price of your travel arrangements, which excludes insurance premiums and any amendment charges and/or additional services or travel arrangements. You will be charged for the amount over and above that, plus any applicable administration charges together with any amounts to cover agents’ commission. If this means that you have to pay an increase of more than 10% of the price of your confirmed travel arrangements (excluding any insurance premiums, amendment charges and/or additional services or travel arrangements), you will have the option of accepting a change to another holiday if we are able to offer one (if this is of equivalent or higher quality you will not have to pay more but if it is of lower quality you will be refunded the difference in price), or cancelling and receiving a full refund of all monies paid to us, except for any insurance premiums and any amendment charges and/or additional services or travel arrangements. Should you decide to cancel for this reason, you must exercise your right to do so within 14 days from the issue date printed on your final invoice. There will be no change made to the price of your confirmed holiday within 30 days of your departure nor will refunds be paid during this period. We will consider an appropriate refund of insurance premiums paid if you can show that you are unable to transfer or reuse your policy. Should the price of your holiday go down due to the changes mentioned above, by more than 2% of your confirmed holiday cost, then any refund due will be paid to you. However, please note that travel arrangements are not always purchased in local currency and some apparent changes have no impact on the price of your travel due to contractual and other protection in place.

31. Changes by You

If you wish to change any part of your Package after our confirmation invoice has been issued, you must inform us in writing as soon as possible. This should be done by the first named person on the booking. Whilst we will do our best to assist, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to meet your requested change. Where we can meet a request, all changes will be subject to payment of an administration fee of £50 per person per change as well as any applicable rate changes or extra costs incurred as well as any costs incurred by ourselves and any costs or charges incurred or imposed by any of our suppliers. You should be aware that these costs could increase the closer to the departure date that changes are made and you should contact us as soon as possible. Where we are unable to assist you and you do not wish to proceed with the original booking we will treat this as a cancellation by you. A cancellation fee may be payable. If you are prevented from travelling it may be possible to transfer your booking to another suitable person provided that written notice is given. An administration fee will be charged, details available upon request.

Note: Certain arrangements may not be amended after they have been confirmed and any alteration could incur a cancellation charge of up to 100% of that part of the arrangements.

32. If You Cancel

If you or any other member of your party decides to cancel your confirmed Package you must notify us in writing. Your notice of cancellation will only take effect when it is received in writing by us at our offices or by email (when you receive an email response confirmation from us).
Since we incur costs in cancelling your arrangements, you will have to pay the applicable cancellation charges up to the maximum shown in the table below (the cancellation charge detailed is calculated on the basis of the total cost payable by the person cancelling, excluding insurance premiums and amendment charges which are not refundable in the event of the person to whom they apply cancelling).




Period before departure within which notice of Cancellation by you is received

Amount of cancellation charge



61 days or more

25% of holiday cost



60 - 30 days

60% of holiday cost



Less than 30 days

100% of holiday cost




Please note that certain arrangements, particularly flights, may not be amended after they have been confirmed and any alteration or cancellation could incur a cancellation charge of up to 100% of that part of the arrangements, in addition to the charge above.

If the reason for your cancellation is covered under the terms of your insurance policy, you may be able to reclaim these charges. We will deduct the cancellation charges from any monies you have already paid to us.

33. If We Make a Change or Cancel Your Package Holiday

It is unlikely that we will have to make any changes to your Package, but we do plan the arrangements many months in advance. Occasionally, we may have to make changes and we reserve the right to do so at any time. Most of these changes will be minor and we will advise you of them at the earliest possible date. We also reserve the right in any circumstances to cancel your Package. For example, if the minimum number of clients required for a particular travel arrangement is not reached, we may have to cancel it. However, we will not cancel your travel arrangements less than 56 days before your departure date, except for reasons of force majeure or failure by you to pay the final balance.

Most alterations will be minor and while we will do our best to notify you of any changes as soon as reasonably possible if there is time before your departure, we will have no other liability to you. Examples of “minor changes” include the following when made before departure:

- Any change in the advertised identity of the carrier(s), flight timings, and/or aircraft type.
- A change of outward departure time or overall length of your holiday of twelve hours or less.
- A change of accommodation to another of the same standard or classification.

Occasionally we may have to make a major change to your Package. Examples of “major changes” include the following, when made before departure:

- A change of accommodation area for the whole or a significant part of your time away.
- A change of accommodation to that of a lower standard or classification for the whole or a significant part of your time away.
- A change of outward departure time or overall length of your arrangements of twelve or more hours.
- A change of UK departure airport, as long as that change is not from one London airport to another London airport. London airports are Heathrow, Gatwick, Stansted, Luton and London City.
- A significant change to your itinerary, missing out one or more destination entirely.

If we have to make a major change or cancel, we will tell you as soon as possible and if there is time to do so before departure, we will offer you the choice of (for major changes):

i)
accepting the changed arrangements;
ii)
having a refund of all monies paid; or
iii)
accepting an offer of alternative travel arrangements of comparable standard from us, if available (we will refund any price difference if the alternative is of a lower value).

You must notify us of your choice within 7 days of our offer. If you fail to do so we will assume that you have chosen to accept the change or alternative booking arrangements.

If we make a major change or cancel, less than 61 days before departure, we will also pay compensation as detailed below:




Period before departure within which notice of Cancellation or major change is notified to you

Compensation payable per person booking



61 days or more

Nil



60 - 46 days

£10



45 - 31 days

£20



30 - 15 days

£30



14 - 8 days

£40



Less than 8 days

£50




We will not pay you compensation where we make a major change or cancel more than 60 days before departure or in the event that we are forced to make a change or cancel as a result of unusual and unforeseeable circumstances beyond our control, the consequences of which we could not have avoided even with all due care or if we cancel your arrangements because the minimum number of participants to run the arrangements has not been reached. (We will tell you if we have to cancel for this reason not less than 60 days before departure).

The above sets out the maximum extent of our liability for changes and cancellations and we regret we cannot meet any expenses or losses you may incur as a result of change or cancellation. In no case will we pay compensation if accommodation is offered by us and accepted by you in the same location with a higher price than at the time of the original booking, where no additional payment is made by you for the higher priced accommodation.

We will not pay you compensation and the above options will not be available if we make a minor change or cancel as a result of your failure to make full payment on time or where the change(s) or cancellation by us arises out of alterations to the confirmed booking requested by you.

Very rarely, we may be forced by "force majeure" to change or terminate your arrangements after departure. If this situation does occur, we regret we will be unable to make any refunds (unless we obtain any from our suppliers), pay you compensation or meet any costs or expenses you incur as a result.

If we become unable to provide a significant proportion of the services that you have booked with us after you have departed, we will make alternative arrangements for you at no extra charge and, if appropriate in all the circumstances, will pay you reasonable compensation.

34. Flights

In accordance with EU Directive (EC) No 2111/2005 Article 9, we are required to bring to your attention the existence of a “Community list” which contains details of air carriers that are subject to an operating ban with the EU Community. The Community list is available for inspection at
http://ec.europa.eu/transport/air-ban/list_en.htm.

In accordance with EU Regulations we are required to advise you of the carrier(s) (or, if the carrier(s) is not known, the likely carrier(s)) that will operate your flight(s) at the time of booking. Where we are only able to inform you of the likely carrier(s) at the time of booking, we shall inform you of the identity of the actual carrier(s) as soon as we become aware of this.

Under EU Law, you have rights in some circumstances to refunds and/or compensation from the airline in cases of denied boarding, cancellation or delay to flights. Full details of these rights will be publicised at EU airports and will also be available from airlines. Reimbursement in such cases is the responsibility of the airline and will not automatically entitle you to a refund of your holiday price from us.

35. Our Responsibilities to You in respect of Package Holidays

1) We will accept responsibility for the arrangements we agree to provide or arrange for you as an “organiser” under the Package Travel, Package Holidays and Package Tours Regulations 1992 as set out below. Subject to these booking conditions, if we or our suppliers perform or arrange your contracted holiday arrangements negligently, taking into consideration all relevant factors (for example following the complaints procedure as described in these conditions and the extent to which ours or our employees’ or suppliers’ negligence affected the overall enjoyment of your holiday), we will pay you reasonable compensation. Please note that it is your responsibility to show that we or our supplier(s) have been negligent if you wish to make a claim against us.

2) We will not be responsible or pay you compensation for any injury, illness, death, loss, damage, expense, cost or other claim of any description if it results from
:

(i) the act(s) and/or omission(s) of the person(s) affected;

(ii) the act(s) and/or omission(s) of a third party unconnected with the provision of the services contracted for and which were unforeseeable or unavoidable; or

(iii) unusual or unforeseeable circumstances beyond ours or our supplier(s) control, the consequences of which could not have been avoided even if all due care had been exercised; or

(iv) an event which either ourselves or suppliers could not, even with all due care, have foreseen or forestalled.

3) We limit the amount of compensation we may have to pay you if we are found liable under this clause
:

(i) For loss of and/or damage to any luggage or personal possessions and money
:

The maximum amount we will have to pay you in respect of these claims is £25 per person in total because you are assumed to have adequate insurance in place to cover any losses of this kind.

(ii) For claims not falling under 3(i) above and which don’t involve injury, illness or death:

The maximum amount we will have to pay you in respect of these claims is twice the price paid by or on behalf of the person(s) affected in total. This maximum amount will only be payable where everything has gone wrong and you or your party has not received any benefit at all from your booking.

(iii) For claims in respect of international travel by air, sea and rail or any stay in a hotel:

a)
The extent of our liability will in all cases be limited as if we were carriers under the appropriate Conventions, which include The Warsaw/Montreal Convention (international travel by air); The Athens Convention (with respect to sea travel); EU Regulation 392/2009 (relating to the Liability of carriers of passengers by sea in the event of accidents); The Berne/Cotif Convention (with respect to rail travel) and The Paris Convention (with respect to hotel arrangements). You can request copies of these Conventions from our offices. In addition, you agree that the operating carrier or transport company's own 'Conditions of Carriage' will apply to you on that journey. When arranging transportation for you, we rely on the terms and conditions contained within these international conventions and those 'Conditions of Carriage'. You acknowledge that all of the terms and conditions contained in those 'Conditions of Carriage' form part of your contract with us, as well as with the transport company and that those 'Conditions of Carriage' shall be deemed to be included by reference into this contract.

b)
In any circumstances in which a carrier is liable to you by virtue of the Denied Boarding Regulation 2004, any liability we may have to you under our contract with you, arising out of the same facts, is limited to the remedies provided under the Regulation as if (for this purpose only) we were a carrier.

c)
When making any payment, we are entitled to deduct any money which you have received or are entitled to receive from the transport provider or hotelier for the complaint or claim in question.

4)
It is a condition of our acceptance of liability under this clause that you notify any claim to us and our supplier(s) strictly in accordance with the complaints procedure set out in these conditions.

5)
Where any payment is made, the person(s) receiving it (and their parent or guardian if under 18 years) must also assign to ourselves or our insurers any rights they may have to pursue any third party and must provide ourselves and our insurers with all assistance we may reasonably require.

6)
Please note, we cannot accept any liability for any damage, loss or expense or other sum(s) of any description: (a) which on the basis of the information given to us by you concerning your booking prior to our accepting it, we could not have foreseen you would suffer or incur if we breached our contract with you; or (b) relate to any business.

7)
We will not accept responsibility for services or facilities which do not form part of our agreement or where they are not advertised in our brochure. For example any excursion you book whilst away, or any service or facility which your hotel or any other supplier agrees to provide for you.

36. Delays, Missed Transport Arrangements and other Travel Information

If you or any member of your party misses your flight or other transport arrangement, it is cancelled or you are subject to a delay of over 3 hours for any reason, you must contact us and the airline or other transport supplier concerned immediately.

The Package Travel (etc.) Regulations provide that in the event that you experience difficulties, we will provide you with prompt assistance. Where you experience a delay which is not owing to any failure by us, our employees or sub-contractors, this prompt assistance is likely to extend to providing help in locating refreshments, accommodation and communications but not paying for them. Any airline or other transport supplier may however pay for or provide refreshments and/or appropriate accommodation and you should make a claim directly to them. Subject to the other terms of these conditions, we will not be liable for any costs, fees or charges you incur in the above circumstances, if you fail to obtain our prior authorisation before making your own travel arrangements.

Under EU Law, you have rights in some circumstances to refunds and/or compensation from the airline in cases of denied boarding, cancellation or delay to flights. Full details of these rights will be publicised at EU airports and will also be available from airlines. If the airline does not comply with these rules you should complain to the Civil Aviation Authority at www.caa.co.uk/passengers. Reimbursement in such cases is the responsibility of the airline and will not automatically entitle you to a refund of your holiday price from us. If, for any reason, you do not claim against the airline and make a claim for compensation from us, you must, at the time of payment of any compensation to you, make a complete assignment to us of the rights you have against the airline in relation to the claim that gives rise to that compensation payment. A delay or cancellation to your flight does not automatically entitle you to cancel any other arrangements even where those arrangements have been made in conjunction with your flight.












































































Register for offers

Sign up for all our latest news, exclusive special offers, new escapes, discounts, prizes, and more.

Subscribe



Travel Logistics

How to prepare for your escape; information on documents, passports, visas, insurance, and airlines.

Resources



Keep in touch





Need Advice

You can call us for advice from
9am to 6pm, Monday to Friday
and
10am - 3pm Saturday
or
email
info@wellbeingescapes.com

020 3735 7555









Offers and news:




Offer of the Month - Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand

Our travel blogs - read where we've been








Information


Glossary

About Wellbeing Escapes

Press

Meet The Team!

Terms & Conditions

Data Protection & Privacy Policy

FAQs

Monarch Airlines Queries

ATOL Protected

Contact Us




Top Spa Holidays


Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary

SHA Wellness Clinic

Chiva-Som

Ti Sana

Ananda in the Himalayas

COMO Shambhala Estate

Shanti-Som

The BodyHoliday Le Sport


See A-Z of all Wellbeing Resorts




Trusted online payment certified through Comod






The air holidays shown are ATOL protected by the Civil Aviation Authority. Our ATOL number is ATOL 10269















Sign up to our newsletter for inspiration and exclusive offers which you can’t get directly! Receive a FREE copy of our wellbeing magazine packed full of expert tips.










