
What The Press Say About Wellbeing Escapes















Getting Details


This will just take a moment




























The Wellbeing Holiday Experts










Call us on

+44 20 3735 7555





Contact us online:






Open:  9 – 6 pm Monday-Friday & 10 - 3pm Saturday












Home





Holiday Types








Destination


Select a destination:



Select destination


Show Spas








Holiday types















Our wellbeing holidays
Looking for inspiration? Click the arrows below to find your perfect spa holiday!









Offers




































Offer notifications

Sign up for our latest offers and exclusive deals here








Don't miss out on knowing about the best offers and prizes!










Top 5’s, Reviews & Holiday Ideas







Latest Travel Reviews


Top 5 reasons to go to Shanti Maurice, Mauritius

Top 5 Must-Do Tips at Sen Wellness, Sri Lanka

Top 5 Reasons to go to Rancho La Puerta, Mexico

Top 5 Reasons to go to Paradis Plage Resort, Morocco

Top 5 Reasons to go to Palacio Estoril Golf & Spa Hotel, Portugal

See more






Wellbeing Escapes Ideas



Top Fitness Retreats

Fitness Holidays for Fitness Addicts

Yoga Holidays for Yoga Addicts

Spa Holidays to Help with Sleep Issues

Spa Holidays for Helping with Anxiety

Read all entries






Trip Planning







Top 5s



Top 5 Spa Holidays With A Difference

Our Top 5 Spa Holidays for Singles

Our Top 5 Spa Holidays for Stressed-Out Professionals

Our Top 5 Medical Spa Holidays

Our Top 5 Yoga Holidays

See more










Blog, Press & Advice






Press Cuttings


Read what the press say about us







Join our wellbeing tribe!


Our clients’ 2017 inspiring images






Blog


Feel-good entertainment for your wellness holiday

Top 5 reasons why we love SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain

Top 5 reasons why we love Absolute Sanctuary in Thailand

What to pack for the plane

My day on a plate at Almyra Hotel & Spa - Cyprus

Read all entries






Advice


Top Wellness Type Holidays










About Us






Sign up to our Newsletter!











Our Destinations Collection


Please email
info@wellbeingescapes.com
if you would like to be sent a printed copy.






Why Wellbeing Escapes?


Why Choose us
Meet The Team
Our Story







What The Press Say























Spa types menu


Ayurveda Retreats
Beach Spa Holidays
Detox Spa Holidays
Fitness Holidays
Health Spa Holidays
Luxury Spa Breaks UK
Spa Breaks To Heal A Broken Heart
Spa Breaks For Couples
Singles Spa Holidays
Spa Breaks Europe
Stress-Management Spa Holidays
Fitness holidays for men
Anti-ageing spa holidays
Yoga Holidays
Spa Breaks With Meditation
Weight Loss Holidays
Spa Holidays to Discover & Unwind
Health Boosting Hen, Honeymoon & Wedding Spa Breaks
Yoga Holidays in Europe
Pilates Holidays
Post cancer spa retreats
Holistic Retreats
Mindfulness Retreats
Sociable Spa Holidays/Group Fitness Holidays
Raw Food Retreats & Vegan Retreats
Life Coaching Retreats
Pilates Reformer Spa Holidays
Affordable Wellbeing Holidays
Spa Holidays





Destinations menu


Austria
UAE
Croatia
Cyprus
Greece
India
Indonesia
Italy
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Morocco
Oman
Portugal
Saint Lucia
Slovakia
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Switzerland
Thailand
Turkey
UK
Vietnam
Costa Rica
Spa Holidays in The Maldives





Expert Advice


Health Advice From Our Experts...
Top Healthy Living Tips!
Our Travel Blogs
Meet Team Wellbeing!
Health & Wellness Recipes
All You Need To Know About...
Spa Holidays Glossary & Treatment Guide
How long does it take to fly to.....?





Trip Planning


Spa Holiday Travel Logistics
In flight Health & Beauty Travel Tips
Travel Tips to Prepare Yourself For Your Spa Holiday
Top Tips For Detox Retreat Preparation





Latest News And Prizes


What the Press Say
Sign up to our newsletter for a free download of our Wellbeing Guide worth £16.99!
Wellbeing Wisdom - Our Blog!






Offer of the Month - Aguas de Ibiza
Greece Reassurance
The Pure Package
The Dukan Diet
Our Top Fitness Holiday Offers
Our Top 3 Detox Spa Holidays
Our Top 5 Fitness & Weight Loss Spa Holidays
Our Top 3 Romantic Spa Holidays
Travel Blog
Press Clipping - Wexas Traveller Magazine
Press Clipping - Stella Magazine
Offer of the Month - Penha Longa Hotel
New! Fit & Fun at Longevity
Wellbeing Booster at Grayshott
Spotlight on Almyra
Resources
Travel Documents
Airlines
About Wellbeing Escapes
Terms & Conditions
Data Protection & Privacy Policy
Offer of the Month - Kempinski San Lawrenz, Gozo, Malta
Why Book With Wellbeing Escapes
Wellbeing Escapes Price Guarantee
Frequently Asked Questions
ATOL
Kamalaya - My Personal Journey - Stella Photi
Exercise Tips to Strengthen Your Core
Phuket Cleanse
Top 5 Spa Breaks Under £2000
Wellbeing Booster Breaks
Offers Ending Soon
Stylist competition winners visit Almyra in Paphos
Kempinski Barbaros Bay - Turkey
What Makes Us Special
Why it Pays to Book with Wellbeing Escapes
Feedback from Fusion Maia
Alpine Fitness and Spa Holidays
Stella Photi
Peter Stearn
Helen Greenhow
Anuska Vidal
Miranda Vinall
Mike Marchetti
Interview with Ayurvedic Expert at Ananda in the Himalayas
Recipe for Orange and Rosemary Chicken
Top Tips for Wellbeing at Work
COMO Day Spa Voucher London
Guest Testimonials
test video embed
Ti Sana & Feel Unique Giveaway
5 Bad Eating Habits and How to Overcome Them
Sunbathing is Good For You
QMS Facial Explained!
Pilates Tips for Office Health
Ian Marber's Bikini Diet
Healthy Ageing Expert Advice
Our Top Detox Holidays
Inspire Me: Top Yoga Spots
Destination Focus: Oceano - Tenerife
Sweet onions with lentil stew
The Best Travel Apps Ever
Paying Lip Service
Mind Health
Healthy Hens and Honeymoons
Hot New Destinations
Digital Detox
Offer of the Month: Shanti-Som
The benefits of Nordic Walking
The benefits of DNA Testing for fitness and nutrition
Kempinski San Lawrenz Discover & Unwind Offer
Finland Activity Tour Offer
Aldemar Thalasso Relaxing Offer
Paradis Plage Yoga Offer
Columbia Beachotel Yoga & Pilates Offer
Chiva Som Destination Spa Offer
The Ananda 7 Night Ayurvedic Rejuvenation Offer
Spa holidays for friends & couples - FREE spa credit offers for April
The Benefits of an Ayurvedic Spa Break
Ten Signs that you are in need of a detox retreat
Fitness holidays in the sun
Looking for a yoga retreat...?
Villa Eden - Free Flight Offer
Ti Sana - Free Flight Offer
SHA Wellness Clinic - Free Flight Offer
Lefay Resort & SPA Lago di Garda - Free Flight Offer
Spa Holidays for Single
Europe's Best Spa Breaks
Spa holidays & Relaxing breaks - What's new
Lifestyle Changers
Is WIFI stressing you out?
Wellbeing Boosters by the Beach
Top Festive Escapes
Our Uber Luxe Edit
What Becomes Of The Broken Hearted?
Spa Holidays - Top Picks
Detox Retreats & Weight-Loss Holidays
Fitness & Weight Loss Holidays
Ask the wellbeing guru!
What Spa Type Are You?
What are the benefits of a health retreat?
What's the difference between a health retreat & a hotel with spa?
How can a wellness holiday help with issues such as stress or sleep?
I'm nervous about a holiday on my own - will I be the sad single?
What does a detox entail & what are the benefits?
What are the benefits of learning to meditate on a wellness holiday?
What spa type are you? Career-Maxed
What spa type are you? Clued-up Healthie
What spa type are you? Empty Nester
What spa type are you? Spa Queen
What spa type are you? Metrosexual Guy
What spa type are you? Eager to retire
What spa type are you? Young & Hip
Easter Spa Holidays Availability
Spa holidays with running
Spa holidays with swimming
Fitness holidays with cycling
Spa holidays with sailing & canoeing
WIN Our Facebook Competition - SHA Wellness Clinic Prizes
WIN Our Facebook Competition - Ila Face Serum
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Embracing Change Programme
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Holistic Holiday
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Comprehensive Detox Programme
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Optimal Fitness Programme
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Intro to Detox programme
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Yoga Holiday Programme
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Relax & Renew Programme
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Balance & Revitalise Programme
WIN Our Facebook Competition - The BodyHoliday
Personal Travel Blog - Almyra Hotel - Cyprus
Personal Travel Blog - Anassa - Cyprus
Personal Travel Blog - Aphrodite Hills Resort - Cyprus
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Healthy Break programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Fitness programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Sleep Recovery programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Stress Management programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Detox programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Intensive Detox programme
SHA Wellness Clinic - Weight Loss programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Discovery programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Essence programme
Ananda in the Himalayas in India - 7 night Ayurvedic Rejuvenation programme
Ananda in the Himalayas in India - Kick-start Weight Management programme
Ananda in the Himalayas in India - Yoga programme
WIN Our Facebook Competition - Asquith Activewear
The Ananda in the Himalayas - 7 Night Yogic Detox Programme
Ananda in the Himalayas in India - 7 Night Detox programme
WIN Our Facebook Competition - Lefay Resort & Spa Lago Di Garda
Want to get away for Christmas or New Year?
New Year Fitness & Spa Holidays
Christmas Spa & Fitness Holidays
Self-Love February - our Top 10 'no single supplement' destinations
Stop stressing, Start living - Our Top 5 programmes
Stop Stressing, Start Living - by Toby Maguire
My top meditation tips by Stella Photi, Wellbeing Escapes
Personal Travel Blog - Somatheeram Ayurveda Resort, India
Mother's Day - treat yours to a spa break!
Fitness Boosting Spa Holidays
Adults-only Spa Holidays
Relaxing spa holidays
Best raw food & vegan wellness retreats
My wonderful stay at Sen Wellness, Sri Lanka
Great Value Beach Spa Holidays
Join our team - job opportunities
Health Enhancing Spa Holidays
Top 5 Must-Do Tips at Amatara Wellness Resort, Thailand
The Mayr Concept
Telegraph Offer - Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand with Wellbeing Escapes
Telegraph Reader Offer Conditions
Monarch Airlines - what to do
Top Luxury Yoga Holidays
Autumn Wellbeing Booster Short Breaks
Win a Spa Day for Two at Lifehouse Spa in Thorpe-le-Soken, Essex
Christmas Spa Holidays & Fitness Holidays













"Wellbeing Escapes is the John Lewis of healthy breaks – they gave me great advice, arranged everything seamlessly, and gave me a real deal!"
- Ruby Wax, comedian & writer










Read our reviews







Wellbeing Escapes in the Press!






Wellbeing Escapes WINS The Telegraph Travel Awards 2015/16

We are delighted to have won 'Best Specialist Tour Operator' - beating off strong competition from our rivals!
Read More





The Road to Wellness
Hit the pause button at the renowned
Chiva-Som
in Thailand - it's a game-changer!
Read More





Boot camp for the brain got me back on track

Read how neuro-feedback sessions at SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain helped to ease the trauma of a cycling accident

Read More






5 Wellbeing Lessons Britain can learn from Romania

Stella Photi details how and why HR Directors should be adopting more of these in the UK.
Read More





'The facilities at the resort's Six Senses Spa are excellent'
Read this review
on the beautiful Alpina Gstaad in Switzerland




The 30 greatest yoga holidays on the planet
Take a look at the
Wellbeing Retreats at Quinta Da Calma
in Portugal - we're featured at number 10!
Read More





Wellness is the latest buzzword

Stella Photi is quoted on the rise of wellness travel and
Sen Wellness
is featured as a yoga and meditation retreat.

Read More






Would you like to know the latest Wellness Trends?

Stella Photi shares her insights into what trends we are seeing based on our clients - so real people!

Read More





10 Amazing Wellness Holidays to take on your own

Check us out at number 1 and number 8 - Shanti-Som in Spain and Chiva-Som in Thailand

Read More





The Best Breaks for Singles
Step outside your comfort zone and find an eye-opening experience
Read More here
and
here





We can't promise you'll bump into Nadal...

We're featured in the scoop on great wellness getaways for the Marbella Club in Spain.
Read More







Time Alone at The Ananda in India

Soul searching at one of India's renowned 'spiritual spas' with classic yoga teaching and Ayurvedic treatments.

Read More





Hot right now - your 2017 starts here

Our Wellbeing Booster programme at The Anassa in Cyprus is included in there 'where to go' feature.

Read More






Honeymoon Guide - Your Passport to Romance

Can you see us under India? The very special Ananda is featured...

Read More






How she did it

Stella appears in The Telegraph's Women section - 'How she did it - from corporate burn out to wellness superstar'.
Read More








How she did it

Stella appears in The Telegraph's Women section - 'How she did it - from corporate burn out to wellness superstar'.
Read More







40 of the best Caribbean Holidays
We're featured at number 29 for our exclusive offers at The BodyHoliday in St Lucia
Read More





The Best Holidays for Single Travellers

Find inner peace - take a look at our mention in this section of the article and calm your mind and exercise your body.
Read More






Facial Review at The Anassa in Cyprus

'Check in for the beautiful views, stay for the amazing 'magic hands treatment.'
Read More






Interview on changing global wellbeing trends

Stella reflects on 10 years of success at Wellbeing Escapes and how the wellbeing travel sector has changed over the years.
Read More






Top Wellbeing Escapes for a Spring Cleanse

Discover where you can head off to rejuvenate and proactively address your health and fitness.
Read More






The best places to travel solo

Find us at number 5 on the list - we are indeed specialists and have tried and tested all our wellness destinations.
Read More






We're a winner!

Take a look at us on page 14 - how fabulous in our 10th year!
Read More






The spa that won't break the bank

Check us out in this article on AMA Andalusia in Spain - excellent value all round.

Read More






Best Solo Travel

We're one of the best for independent wellbeing travel - our AMA Andalusia Resort in Spain is featured.

Read More






Canada's 10 best spa destinations

Ask an Expert - Stella features on page 3 of the article on the 10 best spas in Canada.

Read More






The best luxury fitness and wellbeing holidays

Naturally, we're included in the BEST places for fitness, losing weight and bettering your health.

Read More






If you are thinking of quitting your job, Stella Photi advises doing these 5 things first!

Read More






Every one deserves a little wellbeing

A Wellbeing Escapes gift voucher makes the perfect gift for a friend or loved one...

Read More






Holiday solutions for solo travellers

Stella Photi advises investing in your health and wellbeing as you get older.

Read More






Globetrender on why solo travel is more popular than ever

Stella talks about the rise of the single traveller and the types of solo experiences they can have through Wellbeing Escapes.

Read More







Top Sante' talks about a fitness experience in Croatia's Radisson Blue

Nadia Clinton shares her fitness experience at The Radisson BLU Dubrovnik

Read More






Psychologies includes Villa Eden in its 'Healing Spa Special 2015'


Selda Enver Goodwin goes in search of a cure for her chronic fatigue

Read More






Psychologies visits Oceano

Alice Floods tries out the Thalasso Balance programme as part of her healing journey for cancer



Read More








Grazia provides a list of the Top 5 Health & Destinations for Hens



Wedding day fast approaching and in need of some relaxation after the stress of planning it all? Grazia names 5 of our top wellness destinations


Read More






Metro introduces you to Zening in Cyprus





One of the best places to head for a wellbeing escape, says Metro











Read More






GQ recommends you to try Oceano as a Wellbeing package





Let summer be a passport to a better you in Oceano, says GQ.










Read More
























NEWS for Zening: It is now a family-friend resort





Anna Selby describes her experience at Zening, the "oasis of tranquillity".








Read More
























Wellbeing Escapes: An interview with Stella Photi







Stella reveals the new trends of the wellness tourism industry in her interview.








Read More






Middle Piccadilly: A rural retreat to recharge your batteries







Bridget March found her headpeace away from the hectic London life at Middle Piccadilly in







the Dorset countryside.

Read More






International Spa - Océano Health Spa







Wellness philosophy and programmes run by expert doctors.








Read More
















Thalassotherapy at Océano





Gareth Wyn Davies has got a new lease on life thanks to Thalassotherapy.
Read More















Summer Activity & Nature Tour - Finland


Lisa Johnson tries for the first time a luxury spa hotel experience.
Read More














Ti Sana






Janet Reeder embarks on a wellbeing weekend.







Read More














The Best Valentine's Day getaways



Top romantic getaways.
Read More










Just say no to January detoxing!
Stella explains why it might be better to nurture your body instead.
Read More













The Best Valentine's Day getaways
The pick of romantic and radiance-giving presents.
Read More








World of Cruising, January 2015
Jo Foley travels to Oceano in Tenerife to recover from the celebrations of the festive season.

Read More







To The Table, Blog, September 2014

Alice from tothetable.co.uk reviews our Healthy Cooking & Nutrition Workshop and discovers the joys of coconut oil in cooking!

Read More








Askmen.com, August 2014
Askmen.com's Mike Goldstein visits the Alps for some fresh air fitness at Hotel Schweizerhof...

Read More








The Mayfair Magazine, July 2014
The Mayfair Magazine's Chris Allsop goes raw at Ti Sana...

Read More






Spirit & Destiny, July 2014
Spirit & Destiny name Oceano one of their top aquatic holidays...
Read More






Grazia Daily, June 2014


Here's some of our top tips for a stress free holiday...
Read More










Grazia Daily, May 2014
Grazia's Editor has an adventures at Anassa...
Read More






The Daily Mail Online, January 2014
The Daily Mail has discovered our Lefay weight loss programme!
Read More






Cambridge News, January 2014
Wellbeing Escapes featured in this article.
Read More






Latest in Beauty Blog, January 2014
Stella gives us her January detox tips.
Read More






Hip & Healthy Online, December 2013
Our founder Stella on why we should all be meditating.

Read More






European Spa Magazine Online, December 2013

Wellbeing Escapes named founding members of the International Health & Wellness Alliance!
Read More









MSN Travel, November 2013



Our Thai property,
Aava Resort and Spa
was featured in MSN Travel's Top 10 Best Christmas Getaways.

Read More






Metro, November 2013
Travel tips from our founder and holiday guru, Stella.
Read More






Latest in Beauty, November 2013
Our founder, Stella, shares her tips on how to incorporate wellness into your day.
Read More






The Daily Mail Online, November 2013
The Daily Mail discovers the award-winning spa,
Ananda
, in India.
Read More






Metro, November 2013
The Metro explores affordable luxury at
Ti Sana Spa
, Italy.
Read More






Miss Eco Glam, November 2013
Find out where you can get a dose of winter wellbeing close to home.
Read More






Zest Magazine
Sarah Riches giggles her way to wellbeing on a 'laughter yoga break'...
Read More






OK! Magazine, September 2013
OK! Chills out celeb-style at the SHA Wellness Clinic.
Read More






Cosmopolitan, August 2013
Want to know the secrets to a stress-free, healthy, happy life? Wellicious founder,
Heike Schnell, shares hers with Cosmo.
Read More






The Sunday Times Travel, August 2013
A year on from Olympics, how's that workout routine going? Thought as much. Luckily Susan d’Arcy has a healthy holiday for everyone- in Britain and beyond.
Read More








Natural Health Magazine - Ti Sana, Italy, August
2013


For anyone in need of a full health MOT, Ti Sana sorts the wheatgrass from the chaff, says Jane Alexander.
Read More






Natural Health Magazine - Shanti Maurice, Mauritius, July
2013
Amanda Brown finds a slice of heaven at this lush tropical Mauritian paradise...
Read More






Square Meal Lifestyle - SHA Wellness Clinic, Summer

2013




In their 'Champagne Special' Square Meal review this excellent macrobiotic property

Read More






Urban Junkies - Aguas de Ibiza,

November 2012




The Urban lifestyle gurus check out our exclusive FlexFit programme

Read More





The Sunday Times - Tanjong Jara,
April 2012

Susan D'arcy sees if this spa lives up to its promise of an authentic Malaysian wellbeing experience

Read More







The Times, Sautrday  - Ananda in the Himalayas,


January 2011




Caroline Phillips tests a very unusual Indian style detox on a trip of a lifetime...

Read More








Read More

These are the five things you need to take into consideration before quitting your job


·

Under the “Escape” add that this is inclusive of all meals (dinners are a la carte service as well as a BBQ grill), a wide selection of wines, bar cocktails and drinks by the glass (including premium brands)











































































Register for offers

Sign up for all our latest news, exclusive special offers, new escapes, discounts, prizes, and more.

Subscribe



Travel Logistics

How to prepare for your escape; information on documents, passports, visas, insurance, and airlines.

Resources



Keep in touch





Need Advice

You can call us for advice from
9am to 6pm, Monday to Friday
and
10am - 3pm Saturday
or
email
info@wellbeingescapes.com

020 3735 7555









Offers and news:




Offer of the Month - Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand

Our travel blogs - read where we've been








Information


Glossary

About Wellbeing Escapes

Press

Meet The Team!

Terms & Conditions

Data Protection & Privacy Policy

FAQs

Monarch Airlines Queries

ATOL Protected

Contact Us




Top Spa Holidays


Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary

SHA Wellness Clinic

Chiva-Som

Ti Sana

Ananda in the Himalayas

COMO Shambhala Estate

Shanti-Som

The BodyHoliday Le Sport


See A-Z of all Wellbeing Resorts




Trusted online payment certified through Comod






The air holidays shown are ATOL protected by the Civil Aviation Authority. Our ATOL number is ATOL 10269















Sign up to our newsletter for inspiration and exclusive offers which you can’t get directly! Receive a FREE copy of our wellbeing magazine packed full of expert tips.










