
Get To Know The Team At Wellbeing Escapes















Getting Details


This will just take a moment




























The Wellbeing Holiday Experts










Call us on

+44 20 3735 7555





Contact us online:






Open:  9 – 6 pm Monday-Friday & 10 - 3pm Saturday












Home





Holiday Types








Destination


Select a destination:



Select destination


Show Spas








Holiday types















Our wellbeing holidays
Looking for inspiration? Click the arrows below to find your perfect spa holiday!









Offers




































Offer notifications

Sign up for our latest offers and exclusive deals here








Don't miss out on knowing about the best offers and prizes!










Top 5’s, Reviews & Holiday Ideas







Latest Travel Reviews


Top 5 reasons to go to Shanti Maurice, Mauritius

Top 5 Must-Do Tips at Sen Wellness, Sri Lanka

Top 5 Reasons to go to Rancho La Puerta, Mexico

Top 5 Reasons to go to Paradis Plage Resort, Morocco

Top 5 Reasons to go to Palacio Estoril Golf & Spa Hotel, Portugal

See more






Wellbeing Escapes Ideas



Top Fitness Retreats

Fitness Holidays for Fitness Addicts

Yoga Holidays for Yoga Addicts

Spa Holidays to Help with Sleep Issues

Spa Holidays for Helping with Anxiety

Read all entries






Trip Planning







Top 5s



Top 5 Spa Holidays With A Difference

Our Top 5 Spa Holidays for Singles

Our Top 5 Spa Holidays for Stressed-Out Professionals

Our Top 5 Medical Spa Holidays

Our Top 5 Yoga Holidays

See more










Blog, Press & Advice






Press Cuttings


Read what the press say about us







Join our wellbeing tribe!


Our clients’ 2017 inspiring images






Blog


Feel-good entertainment for your wellness holiday

Top 5 reasons why we love SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain

Top 5 reasons why we love Absolute Sanctuary in Thailand

What to pack for the plane

My day on a plate at Almyra Hotel & Spa - Cyprus

Read all entries






Advice


Top Wellness Type Holidays










About Us






Sign up to our Newsletter!











Our Destinations Collection


Please email
info@wellbeingescapes.com
if you would like to be sent a printed copy.






Why Wellbeing Escapes?


Why Choose us
Meet The Team
Our Story







What The Press Say























Spa types menu


Ayurveda Retreats
Beach Spa Holidays
Detox Spa Holidays
Fitness Holidays
Health Spa Holidays
Luxury Spa Breaks UK
Spa Breaks To Heal A Broken Heart
Spa Breaks For Couples
Singles Spa Holidays
Spa Breaks Europe
Stress-Management Spa Holidays
Fitness holidays for men
Anti-ageing spa holidays
Yoga Holidays
Spa Breaks With Meditation
Weight Loss Holidays
Spa Holidays to Discover & Unwind
Health Boosting Hen, Honeymoon & Wedding Spa Breaks
Yoga Holidays in Europe
Pilates Holidays
Post cancer spa retreats
Holistic Retreats
Mindfulness Retreats
Sociable Spa Holidays/Group Fitness Holidays
Raw Food Retreats & Vegan Retreats
Life Coaching Retreats
Pilates Reformer Spa Holidays
Affordable Wellbeing Holidays
Spa Holidays





Destinations menu


Austria
UAE
Croatia
Cyprus
Greece
India
Indonesia
Italy
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Morocco
Oman
Portugal
Saint Lucia
Slovakia
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Switzerland
Thailand
Turkey
UK
Vietnam
Costa Rica
Spa Holidays in The Maldives





Expert Advice


Health Advice From Our Experts...
Top Healthy Living Tips!
Our Travel Blogs
Meet Team Wellbeing!
Health & Wellness Recipes
All You Need To Know About...
Spa Holidays Glossary & Treatment Guide
How long does it take to fly to.....?





Trip Planning


Spa Holiday Travel Logistics
In flight Health & Beauty Travel Tips
Travel Tips to Prepare Yourself For Your Spa Holiday
Top Tips For Detox Retreat Preparation





Latest News And Prizes


What the Press Say
Sign up to our newsletter for a free download of our Wellbeing Guide worth £16.99!
Wellbeing Wisdom - Our Blog!






Offer of the Month - Aguas de Ibiza
Greece Reassurance
The Pure Package
The Dukan Diet
Our Top Fitness Holiday Offers
Our Top 3 Detox Spa Holidays
Our Top 5 Fitness & Weight Loss Spa Holidays
Our Top 3 Romantic Spa Holidays
Travel Blog
Press Clipping - Wexas Traveller Magazine
Press Clipping - Stella Magazine
Offer of the Month - Penha Longa Hotel
New! Fit & Fun at Longevity
Wellbeing Booster at Grayshott
Spotlight on Almyra
Resources
Travel Documents
Airlines
About Wellbeing Escapes
Terms & Conditions
Data Protection & Privacy Policy
Offer of the Month - Kempinski San Lawrenz, Gozo, Malta
Why Book With Wellbeing Escapes
Wellbeing Escapes Price Guarantee
Frequently Asked Questions
ATOL
Kamalaya - My Personal Journey - Stella Photi
Exercise Tips to Strengthen Your Core
Phuket Cleanse
Top 5 Spa Breaks Under £2000
Wellbeing Booster Breaks
Offers Ending Soon
Stylist competition winners visit Almyra in Paphos
Kempinski Barbaros Bay - Turkey
What Makes Us Special
Why it Pays to Book with Wellbeing Escapes
Feedback from Fusion Maia
Alpine Fitness and Spa Holidays
Stella Photi
Peter Stearn
Helen Greenhow
Anuska Vidal
Miranda Vinall
Mike Marchetti
Interview with Ayurvedic Expert at Ananda in the Himalayas
Recipe for Orange and Rosemary Chicken
Top Tips for Wellbeing at Work
COMO Day Spa Voucher London
Guest Testimonials
test video embed
Ti Sana & Feel Unique Giveaway
5 Bad Eating Habits and How to Overcome Them
Sunbathing is Good For You
QMS Facial Explained!
Pilates Tips for Office Health
Ian Marber's Bikini Diet
Healthy Ageing Expert Advice
Our Top Detox Holidays
Inspire Me: Top Yoga Spots
Destination Focus: Oceano - Tenerife
Sweet onions with lentil stew
The Best Travel Apps Ever
Paying Lip Service
Mind Health
Healthy Hens and Honeymoons
Hot New Destinations
Digital Detox
Offer of the Month: Shanti-Som
The benefits of Nordic Walking
The benefits of DNA Testing for fitness and nutrition
Kempinski San Lawrenz Discover & Unwind Offer
Finland Activity Tour Offer
Aldemar Thalasso Relaxing Offer
Paradis Plage Yoga Offer
Columbia Beachotel Yoga & Pilates Offer
Chiva Som Destination Spa Offer
The Ananda 7 Night Ayurvedic Rejuvenation Offer
Spa holidays for friends & couples - FREE spa credit offers for April
The Benefits of an Ayurvedic Spa Break
Ten Signs that you are in need of a detox retreat
Fitness holidays in the sun
Looking for a yoga retreat...?
Villa Eden - Free Flight Offer
Ti Sana - Free Flight Offer
SHA Wellness Clinic - Free Flight Offer
Lefay Resort & SPA Lago di Garda - Free Flight Offer
Spa Holidays for Single
Europe's Best Spa Breaks
Spa holidays & Relaxing breaks - What's new
Lifestyle Changers
Is WIFI stressing you out?
Wellbeing Boosters by the Beach
Top Festive Escapes
Our Uber Luxe Edit
What Becomes Of The Broken Hearted?
Spa Holidays - Top Picks
Detox Retreats & Weight-Loss Holidays
Fitness & Weight Loss Holidays
Ask the wellbeing guru!
What Spa Type Are You?
What are the benefits of a health retreat?
What's the difference between a health retreat & a hotel with spa?
How can a wellness holiday help with issues such as stress or sleep?
I'm nervous about a holiday on my own - will I be the sad single?
What does a detox entail & what are the benefits?
What are the benefits of learning to meditate on a wellness holiday?
What spa type are you? Career-Maxed
What spa type are you? Clued-up Healthie
What spa type are you? Empty Nester
What spa type are you? Spa Queen
What spa type are you? Metrosexual Guy
What spa type are you? Eager to retire
What spa type are you? Young & Hip
Easter Spa Holidays Availability
Spa holidays with running
Spa holidays with swimming
Fitness holidays with cycling
Spa holidays with sailing & canoeing
WIN Our Facebook Competition - SHA Wellness Clinic Prizes
WIN Our Facebook Competition - Ila Face Serum
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Embracing Change Programme
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Holistic Holiday
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Comprehensive Detox Programme
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Optimal Fitness Programme
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Intro to Detox programme
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Yoga Holiday Programme
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Relax & Renew Programme
Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand - Balance & Revitalise Programme
WIN Our Facebook Competition - The BodyHoliday
Personal Travel Blog - Almyra Hotel - Cyprus
Personal Travel Blog - Anassa - Cyprus
Personal Travel Blog - Aphrodite Hills Resort - Cyprus
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Healthy Break programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Fitness programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Sleep Recovery programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Stress Management programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Detox programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Intensive Detox programme
SHA Wellness Clinic - Weight Loss programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Discovery programme
SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain - Essence programme
Ananda in the Himalayas in India - 7 night Ayurvedic Rejuvenation programme
Ananda in the Himalayas in India - Kick-start Weight Management programme
Ananda in the Himalayas in India - Yoga programme
WIN Our Facebook Competition - Asquith Activewear
The Ananda in the Himalayas - 7 Night Yogic Detox Programme
Ananda in the Himalayas in India - 7 Night Detox programme
WIN Our Facebook Competition - Lefay Resort & Spa Lago Di Garda
Want to get away for Christmas or New Year?
New Year Fitness & Spa Holidays
Christmas Spa & Fitness Holidays
Self-Love February - our Top 10 'no single supplement' destinations
Stop stressing, Start living - Our Top 5 programmes
Stop Stressing, Start Living - by Toby Maguire
My top meditation tips by Stella Photi, Wellbeing Escapes
Personal Travel Blog - Somatheeram Ayurveda Resort, India
Mother's Day - treat yours to a spa break!
Fitness Boosting Spa Holidays
Adults-only Spa Holidays
Relaxing spa holidays
Best raw food & vegan wellness retreats
My wonderful stay at Sen Wellness, Sri Lanka
Great Value Beach Spa Holidays
Join our team - job opportunities
Health Enhancing Spa Holidays
Top 5 Must-Do Tips at Amatara Wellness Resort, Thailand
The Mayr Concept
Telegraph Offer - Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand with Wellbeing Escapes
Telegraph Reader Offer Conditions
Monarch Airlines - what to do
Top Luxury Yoga Holidays
Autumn Wellbeing Booster Short Breaks
Win a Spa Day for Two at Lifehouse Spa in Thorpe-le-Soken, Essex
Christmas Spa Holidays & Fitness Holidays













"Wellbeing Escapes is the John Lewis of healthy breaks – they gave me great advice, arranged everything seamlessly, and gave me a real deal!"
- Ruby Wax, comedian & writer










Read our reviews







Meet The Wellbeing Team...

Call
us on
020 3735 7555
or email us at
inf
o@
wellbeingescapes.co.uk





Stella Photi
Founder & Managing Director






Stella founded Wellbeing Escapes 11 years ago when she saw a growing need in today’s hectic world for people to take time to recuperate from their busy lives. Quite the jet-setter, Stella has visited over 54 different countries and has tried well over 100 different treatments. It’s fair to say that Stella certainly knows a thing or two about wellbeing travel and has lent her expertise to many different
media publications
as well as being a leading member of the
International Health and Wellbeing Alliance
.

Favourite Healthy Holiday:
SHA Wellness Clinic, Spain
Favourite Fitness Activity:
Walking in nature is a great stress reliever and I make sure that I walk my dog Louis in the park for least 30 minutes daily. I also love dance classes, especially Latin Dance or Zumba. They are really energising and keep the brain working as you have to remember and learn all the new routines.
Favourite Wellbeing Activity:
Meditation. Even if it is for just 10 minutes. If you lead a busy and stressful life it is a life saver.
Favourite Treatment:

Shirodhara
Favourite Place in the World:
That's a tough one – Bali or India...
Top Travel Tip:
Once you get on the plane do a 10 minute meditation. Concentrate on your breathing - inhale for a count of 5, hold for 1 second and exhale for 5.  This will relax and put you in a good state of mind to start your Wellbeing Escape.
Life Motto:
‘Everyone deserves a little Wellbeing...’





Peter Stearn
Sales Director






Peter came to Wellbeing Escapes in 2005, joining his business partners Stella Photi and Robert Keysselitz. Having always been involved in lots of team sports and fitness as well as having travelled extensively, Wellbeing Escapes is a great fit. He grew up in Southern California and came to London on a 3 year job assignment...in 1997. Asked if he has settled into London finally, Peter says: "I don't think London ever lets you settle anything, but it is a great place to live and work."

Favourite Healthy Holiday:
Lefay Resort & SPA Lago di Garda, Italy
Favourite Fitness Activity:
Hiking, the more challenging the better!
Favourite Wellbeing Activity:
Stop and breathe, so simple, so good
F
avourite Treatment:
Watsu
, if you have ever done it, you'll know...
Favourite Place in the World:
I have been lucky to visit a lot of fantastic places, but I am not sure there is a better area than the California coast south of Monterey
Top Travel Tip:
Pack light and take your music
Life Motto:
“Done is better than perfect.”





Helen Greenhow
Product Manager






Helen has the tough task of jetting off to source the hottest new Wellbeing secrets. With a giant smile and an eye for detail, there’s no one better to negotiate the exclusive offers that make Wellbeing Escapes the best option. She's is a natural born traveller with the patience of a saint, just ask her about her years as a tour leader! Helen has also completed a naturopathic nutrition course at CNM in London and enjoys sharing her knowledge with our property partners when forming partnerships and creating health-boosting programmes.

Favourite Healthy Holiday:
Phuket Cleanse, Thailand
Favourite Fitness Activity:
Impossible to choose between skiing, Ceroc dancing and running - I've slogged my way through the London Marathon and several half-marathons; it's good to have a goal and always helps to train with friends too!
Favourite Wellbeing Activity:
Yoga - it creates a great feeling of balance.
Favourite Treatment:
Reflexology
Favourite Destinations:
France, Thailand & New Zealand
Top Health Tip:
Hot water and lemon in the morning to flush out toxins - and it's a really good way to take in vitamin C.
Life Motto:
"It's not aptitude but attitude that gives altitude."





Natalie Loughran
Marketing Manager






Natalie has a real passion for travelling and loves nothing more than mulling over her next destination, planning the itinerary and working out all the logistics.  She's been all over the globe and thinks it's very cool that her passport has a stamp from Timbuktu. She lived in Paris for a year which was a dream come true and totally loved every moment especially the 'nothing stands in the way of sitting down to lunch' mindset!

Favourite Healthy Holiday:
Ananda in the Himalayas, India
Favourite Fitness Activity:
Walking – striding out definitely unclutters my mind.
Favourite Wellbeing Activity:
Yoga – particularly the breathing part.
Favourite Treatment:
Shirodhara
Favourite Place in the World:
India - the colours, the chaos, the beauty.
Top Travel Tip:
Smile and chat to everyone – part of the joy of travelling is the randomness of who you met along the way.
Life Motto:
‘Life is for living’ - so get out there and grab every moment.





Dominika Palicova
Sales & Marketing Executive

















Dom is a new addition to our team. After working in Thailand as a yoga teacher and travelling solo around Asia for year and half, she came back to London and joined Wellbeing Escapes. Dom has a hotel and event sales industry background and is also a certified Reiki healer. She is currently studying to become a Reflexologist and a Bach flower practitioner.

Favourite Healthy Holiday:
Wellbeing Escapes Retreat, Portugal
Favourite Fitness Activity:
Ballet or barre classes. My thighs burn but I love the gracefulness of it all.
Favourite Wellbeing Activity:
Definitely yoga - particularly classes where I can chant and have my eyes closed most of the time. Bliss!
Favourite Treatment:
A restorative Aromatherapy massage or I do love a relaxing facial too.
Favourite Place in the World:
Kuta on Lombok or Lake Toba in Sumatra. Also a little slice of paradise where I lived in Thailand must be on my list...
Top Travel Tip:
Always use sunscreen, wear a hat and never drink water from the tap. Learn about the country and its customs before travelling. And travel solo - you meet some incredible people along the way!
Life Motto:
‘Be kind and respectful to everything and everyone.'





Lisa Cristofoli
Sales & Marketing Executive














Lisa joined the team in August 2017. She studied Tourism Management and loves travelling the world and exploring. She previously worked for a spa travel company and is excited to learn more about the wonderful world of wellness! In her spare time, Lisa loves socialising with friends, dinner parties and soaking up London life.
Favourite Healthy Holiday:
I have heard wonderful feedback on
SHA Wellness Clinic
so am hoping to go there soon!
Favourite Fitness Activity:
I can't choose between cycling or swimming - I love them both.
Favourite Wellbeing Activity:
Pilates as you instantly feel relaxed but also like you've had a good workout.
Favourite Treatment:
A relaxing facial or a head massage is always great too.
Favourite Place in the World:
Anywhere in Italy. I have Italian heritage so I may be a bit biased! I recently travelled to Sorrento and the Amalfi coast which was absolutely divine.
Top Travel Tip:
Always take a good camera so you can capture those wonderful moments to look back on.
Life Motto:
Do whatever makes YOU happy.









Inna Gasimova
Contracts & Revenue Control Manager










Inna is our systems whizz kid. With a mind mathematically wired for numbers she diligently ensures all of our contracts are ship-shape, trouble shooting any hiccups and ensuring all of our amazing offers are in place. A talented linguist too, Inna travelled to the UK from Azerbaijan in 2002 and speaks three languages, Russian, English and Azerbaijani. This is one very impressive lady!

Favourite Healthy Holiday:
Villa Eden, Italy
Favourite Fitness Activity:
Swimming and walking. I love to take long walks along the Thames with my family!
Favourite Wellbeing Activity:
Curling up with a good book and reading, especially about history, knowledge keeps the mind sharp and active.
Favourite Treatment
: A deep tissue massage to work out all the knots in my shoulders.
Favourite Place in the World:
Paris, France is just so fun and Azerbaijan for the food, sea and people.
Top Health Tip:
Don't wait until something is wrong before you get a treatment. Prevention is better than cure!
Life Motto:
It's all about a healthy balance




Louis
Office Dog




Lovable rogue, Louis, aka King Louis, loves flirting with the office ladies and can be found snoozing under desks. Apart from raiding bins, or imploring you to play, Louis likes to attend meetings; they help him sleep. Louis’ top skills include sitting, doing paw, and looking adorable. While not as well travelled as the rest of the team, he's partial to a dip in the sea when he gets the chance.

Favourite Healthy Holiday:
Barking Bubbles Spa
Favourite Fitness Activity:
Raiding Bins - you never know what exciting treasures you might find.
Favourite Wellbeing Activity:
Doga (doggie yoga!)
Favourite Treatment:
Pet-icure
Favourite Place in the World:
The Park: chasing sticks and meeting other dogs - it's heaven!
Top Health Tip:
Roll on the floor for as many cuddles as possible
Life Motto:
“Petting, scratching, and cuddling a dog could be as soothing to the mind and heart as deep meditation.”






Call

Send SMS

Add to Skype

You'll need Skype Credit
Free via Skype












































































Register for offers

Sign up for all our latest news, exclusive special offers, new escapes, discounts, prizes, and more.

Subscribe



Travel Logistics

How to prepare for your escape; information on documents, passports, visas, insurance, and airlines.

Resources



Keep in touch





Need Advice

You can call us for advice from
9am to 6pm, Monday to Friday
and
10am - 3pm Saturday
or
email
info@wellbeingescapes.com

020 3735 7555









Offers and news:




Offer of the Month - Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary in Thailand

Our travel blogs - read where we've been








Information


Glossary

About Wellbeing Escapes

Press

Meet The Team!

Terms & Conditions

Data Protection & Privacy Policy

FAQs

Monarch Airlines Queries

ATOL Protected

Contact Us




Top Spa Holidays


Kamalaya Wellness Sanctuary

SHA Wellness Clinic

Chiva-Som

Ti Sana

Ananda in the Himalayas

COMO Shambhala Estate

Shanti-Som

The BodyHoliday Le Sport


See A-Z of all Wellbeing Resorts




Trusted online payment certified through Comod






The air holidays shown are ATOL protected by the Civil Aviation Authority. Our ATOL number is ATOL 10269















Sign up to our newsletter for inspiration and exclusive offers which you can’t get directly! Receive a FREE copy of our wellbeing magazine packed full of expert tips.










