
Live Music Events | Music Tickets + Hotel Packages | SuperBreak
















Sorry, it appears your browser does not support JavaScript, or it is disabled.
Please enable JavaScript for this browser in order to view and use the rest of superbreak.com








Book online or call: 01904 717 362

Open 8am - 10pm, 7 days a week




Skip Navigation





























Home



Hotels



Top UK Cities


Birmingham

Bournemouth

Brighton

Edinburgh

Glasgow

Leeds

London

Manchester

York

See all
>




Travel Guides


Amsterdam Guide

Reykjavik Guide

London Guide

Venice Guide

Edinburgh Guide

Dublin Guide

Lake District Guide

Manchester Guide

Paris Guide

York Guide

See all
>




Top Overseas Cities


Amsterdam

Barcelona

Berlin

Bruges

Dublin

New York

Paris

Prague

Rome

See all
>




Hotels


Airport Hotels

Dinner Deals

Customer Reviews

Group Bookings

Luxury Hotels

Family Hotels

Weekend Breaks

Overseas Hotels

Spa Breaks

See all
>




Top Brands


Britannia Hotels

Hallmark Hotels

Legacy Hotels

Macdonald Hotels

PH Hotels

Radisson Blu Edwardian






Theatre Breaks



Top Shows


Motown The Musical

Mamma Mia!

Dreamgirls

Les Miserables

Matilda The Musical

Phantom Of The Opera

The Lion King

Wicked

See all
>




Show Categories


London Musicals

London Plays

Best-Selling Shows

Great for the Family

Award-Winning Shows

30% Off Theatre Deals

Last Chance Shows

New Theatre Shows

See all
>




Regional & International Theatre


Royal Shakespeare Company

UK Regional Shows

Paris Theatre Shows

Dublin Theatre Shows

See all
>




Theatre Ideas


London Theatre Guide

London Theatre & Shopping Weekends

See all
>




Opening Soon


Bat Out of Hell - The Musical

Girl from the North Country

The Ferryman

Strictly Ballroom

TINA - The Tina Turner Musical

See all
>






London



London


Visit London

London Hotels

London Attractions

O2 Arena London Events

London Theatre Breaks

London Dinner Deals

Rail Breaks

See all
>






Concerts & Events



Music Breaks


Ed Sheeran

Elbow with John Grant

a-ha

The Script

Paul Weller

Harry Styles

Events at The O2 Arena

See all
>




Comedy Breaks


Bill Bailey - Larks in Transit Tour - Glasgow

Chris Rock - Total Blackout Tour

Michael McIntyre at The O2

John Bishop - Winging It

Jason Manford - Glasgow

See all
>




Sport Breaks


BBL Playoff Finals 2018

Bangor-On-Dee Races

Grand National 2018

The Original Harlem Globe Trotters

Bellew v Haye 2 at The O2 Arena

Six Nations Rugby - Italy v England

See all
>




Themed Breaks


Murder Mystery Breaks

P&O Mini Cruises

DFDS Mini Cruises

German Christmas Markets Cruise from Hull

MasterChef Travel Dining Breaks

Murder Mystery Minicruise to Bruges

See all
>




Strictly Come Dancing Tour


Glasgow

Leeds

Belfast

Manchester

Newcastle

Nottingham

Birmingham

The O2 Arena

Wembley Arena

See all
>






Travel



City Breaks


Amsterdam

Barcelona

Belfast

Berlin

Bruges

Dublin

Edinburgh

Krakow

Paris

Rome

Reykjavik

Venice

See all
>




Eurostar & Hotel Breaks


Antwerp Eurostar Breaks

Bruges Eurostar Breaks

Brussels Eurostar Breaks

Disneyland Eurostar Breaks

Lille Eurostar Breaks

Lyon Eurostar Breaks

Paris Eurostar Breaks

Rotterdam Eurostar Breaks

The Hague Eurostar Breaks

Eurostar German Christmas Market Break

See all
>




Flight & Hotel Breaks


Beach Holidays

City Breaks

Flight & Hotel Deals

UK Breaks

Incredible Iceland Breaks

Seville: Authentic Andalucia

See all
>




Rail & Hotel Breaks


Virgin Trains East Coast Rail

Virgin Rail

Grand Central Rail

East Midlands Rail

GWR Rail Breaks

TransPennine Express Rail

Explore the UK by Rail

All Rail Breaks

See all
>




More Travel Breaks


Flight + Hotel Packages

P&O Mini Cruise Breaks

DFDS Mini Cruises

Mini Cruise to Amsterdam

Mini Cruise to Bruges

Flanders Fields Mini Cruise

Weekend Breaks

Midweek Breaks

See all
>






Attractions



Theme Parks


Alton Towers Resort

Blackpool Pleasure Beach

Chessington World of Adventures Resort

Disneyland® Paris

Drayton Manor

LEGOLAND® Windsor Resort

THORPE PARK Resort

See all
>




Top London Attractions


The London Eye

KidZania London

Kensington Palace

London Showboat Dinner Cruise

Madame Tussauds

The View from The Shard

Tower of London

ZSL London Zoo

See all
>




Top UK Attractions


Chester Zoo

Cadbury World

Magic of London Tour

England in One Day Tour

Man Utd Stadium Tour

The Making of Harry Potter

Warwick Castle

ZSL Whipsnade Zoo

Game of Thrones Tour

See all
>




Top Overseas Attractions


Flanders Fields Museum

Ultimate Iceland Package

Bateaux Parisiens Lunch or Dinner Cruise

Palace of Versailles

Incredible Iceland Breaks

Paradis Latin Cabaret Paris

See all
>




Attraction Categories


UK Theme Parks

London Attractions

Family Attractions

City Sightseeing

Zoos & Wildlife Parks

Film & TV Studio Tours

Castles & Palaces

Museums & Galleries

Stadium Tours

Paris Attractions

Edinburgh Attractions

Iceland Attractions

Overseas Attractions

See all
>






Vouchers



Offers



Latest Deals


Added Value Hotels

Deals with Dinner

Lazy Sunday Hotel Offers

Hotels under £50pp

Last Minute Offers

Friday Night Out Offer

Rail Breaks

Murder Mystery Breaks

Incredible Iceland Breaks




Offers by Theme


Country Hotels

Family Hotels

Luxury Hotels

Golf Hotels

Romantic Hotels

3G Breaks Collection

Bargain Weekend Breaks

Walking Breaks

Shopping Breaks




Seasonal Offers


Christmas Breaks

New Year Breaks

Turkey and Tinsel Winter Breaks

Winter Breaks

See all
>






Breaks



Top Destinations


UK Weekend Breaks

Scotland Weekend Breaks

Edinburgh Short Breaks

Lake District Short Breaks

Oxford Short Breaks

Chester Breaks

Blackpool Breaks

Bournemouth Breaks




Short Breaks Ideas


Winter Breaks

Romantic Breaks

Walking Breaks

Country Breaks

Last Minute Breaks

Christmas Breaks

Anniversary Breaks

New Year Breaks












Music

Whether you’re an avid fan of the latest chart toppers, a dedicated rocker, life long country and western fan or love the ambience of classical music, we have a dazzling array of concert tickets to suit all tastes! And to create a break to remember we package your music tickets together with some great hotel accommodation to create an ideal treat for yourself or a perfect
…
Read more



gift for a friend or family member. We have access to some of the hottest concert tickets, at some amazing venues right across the country.


We offer a great number of music events in London including a fantastic range of concerts at the world class O2 arena and The Royal Albert Hall, plus some spectacular outdoor concerts at Hyde Park throughout the year. With one off concerts and revival tours happening at venues across the UK there is something for everyone to enjoy. Our fantastic selection of concert tickets ranges from some of the worlds most sought after rock and pop acts to some heart pounding classical performances not to be missed. We offer hotel inclusive breaks to music events London and throughout the UK, so take a look at our selection below.



Hide














All available Music events

Check out all our available music events below




a-ha at The O2 Arena with Selected London hotels - 14th February 2018


To coincide with the release of a new album and accompanying concert film in November 2017, a-ha return to The O2 Arena in early 2018.

Sure to be a night of phenomenal talent and entertainment, don't miss out on your chance to see a-ha live at The O2 Arena, their only UK tour date, in February 2018!











Andrea Bocelli at The O2 Arena with selected hotels - 2nd November 2018


Following on from the hugely successful album, “Cinema” and his last UK tour in 2016, world-renowned Italian tenor, Andrea Bocelli returns to the UK. After a two year break, one of the world’s best loved tenors will perform for a very special night at the London O2 Arena on 2nd November 2018. 

This one...











Barry Manilow Live in London at The O2 Arena with selected hotels - 6th, 7th & 8th September 2018


Multi-award winning pop superstar Barry Manilow will take to the stage at London’s O2 Arena in celebration of his newest number one album, “This is My Town: Songs of New York” as well as performing his greatest hits like “Copacabana” and “Mandy”. Make sure you don’t miss out on these three special London...











Bryan Adams at The O2 Arena with selected hotels - 31st May 2018


Bryan Adams returns to The O2 on 31st May 2018 supporting his latest album, Ultimate; a mix of new tracks and hits from his incredible back-catalogue.

Ultimate contains two new tracks, “Ultimate Love” and “Please Stay” and fan favorites such as “(Everything I Do) I Do It For You”, “Cuts Like a Knife”,...











Celine Dion - Las Vegas at The Colosseum with selected hotels - 7.30pm Performance - Selected Dates


The best-selling female artist in history is back on the Caesars Palace stage for a powerful set featuring all her greatest hits and surprising covers ranging from Journey to Janis Ian, Celine Dion’s Colosseum show is once more the talk of Las Vegas entertainment aficionados. The Las Vegas Review-Journal...











Chris Connor at Viva Blackpool with selected hotels - 29th & 30th December 2017


Chris Connor is simply an amazing artiste who recreates the atmosphere, sound and production values of the world’s greatest ever recording artist. If you love ‘The King’ then this is a show not to be missed!

With the highest production values and the highest performance standard, it is truly as if...











Country 2 Country 2018 - 3 Day Pass - 9th, 10th & 11th March 2018


This Country to Country 2018 package includes a 3 night hotel stay at the 4* Cavendish Hotel in central London including breakfast plus 2nd Price Lower Tier tickets to all three days of Country to Country 2018 at The O2 Arena.

Country to Country returns to The O2 for the 6th year in March 2018 and is...











Country 2 Country 2018 at The O2 Arena with Selected London Hotels - 9th,10th & 11th March 2018


Country to Country returns to The O2 for the 6th year in March 2018 and is now Europe’s biggest country music festival. It brings three days of the best country music with performances from the world’s best country stars as well as new talent from Nashville, the UK and Europe.

Grammy award-winning...











Disney on Ice Passport to Adventure (Afternoon) at The O2 Arena with selected hotels - Various December 2017 Dates


Disney on Ice at The O2 is fast becoming as much a Christmas fixture as mince pies, stockings and dodgy jumpers! This year’s show promises to be even bigger than ever as Mickey and Minnie Mouse invite you to join them on a fun-filled journey around the world in Passport to Adventure. Journey to the most...











Disney on Ice Passport to Adventure (Evening) at The O2 Arena with selected hotels - Various December 2017 Dates


Disney on Ice at The O2 is fast becoming as much a Christmas fixture as mince pies, stockings and dodgy jumpers! This year’s show promises to be even bigger than ever as Mickey and Minnie Mouse invite you to join them on a fun-filled journey around the world in Passport to Adventure. Journey to the most...











Disney on Ice Passport to Adventure (Morning) at The O2 Arena with selected hotels - Various December 2017 Dates


Disney on Ice at The O2 is fast becoming as much a Christmas fixture as mince pies, stockings and dodgy jumpers! This year’s show promises to be even bigger than ever as Mickey and Minnie Mouse invite you to join them on a fun-filled journey around the world in Passport to Adventure. Journey to the most...











Ed Sheeran Live at Wembley 2018 with Selected Hotels - June 2018


Ed Sheeran will be heading back to Wembley Stadium in June 2018 for another sensational live stage performance.

The English singer-songwriter, Ed Sheeran is one of the biggest names in music, with 20 UK Top 10 Singles and three UK No.1 Albums to his name. In 2016, Sheeran won two Grammy Awards for his...











Elbow Plus Very Special Guest John Grant at The O2 Arena with selected hotels- 7th March 2018


Elbow’s latest tour stops at The O2 Arena in London on Wednesday 7 March 2018.

Recognised as one of the UK’s biggest and most important bands, Elbow hit stardom with the release of their fourth album The Seldom Seen Kid. Contaiing the hit songs "One Day Like This" and "Grounds for...











Elton John: The Million Dollar Piano - Las Vegas at The Colosseum with selected hotels - Selected Dates


World-renowned singer, songwriter and performer Elton John gives fans exactly what they’re looking for in his Las Vegas show, “The Million Dollar Piano.” Playing exclusively at The Colosseum inside Caesars Palace, the show’s centrepiece is the namesake piano. This engineering marvel displays more than 68...











Fall Out Boy - M A N I A Tour at The O2 Arena with selected London hotels - 31st March 2018


Fall Out Boy are returning to London’s O2 Arena to support the launch of their much awaited seventh studio album. Following on from their American Beauty/American Psycho album, Fall Out Boy release M A N I A in January 2018, with an unmissable performance at the O2 Arena on 31st March 2018.

After...











Flight Of The Conchords - Jemaine Clement and Bret McKenzie with selected London hotels - 29th, 30th March & 3rd April 2018


The New Zealand comedy duo - consisting of Jemaine Clement and Bret McKenzie, are bringing Flight Of The Conchords to the iconic O2 tent on Thursday 29th and Friday 30th March 2018.

Sure to be a night of hilarity, don't miss out on your chance to see Flight of the Conchords live at London's...











Frankie Valli and The Four Seasons Farewell Tour with selected London hotels - 2nd December 2018


A true music icon; Frankie Valli and The Four Seasons hava announced ‘The Farewell Tour’, which will stop at The O2 on 2nd December 2018.

Frankie Valli and The Four Seasons have sold over 100 million records worldwide and defined the sound of an era with classic hits like: 'Walk Like A Man',...











Harry Styles at The O2 Arena with selected London hotels - 11th & 12th April 2018


Harry Styles heads to The O2 with his brand new album. 

Enjoying success after his days as one fifth of One Direction, Styles has found solo fame with his eponymous debut album.

What's sure to be an unforgettable night of musical talent, don't miss out on your chance to see Harry Styles live...











Imagine Dragons Bring Evolve Tour to The O2 with selected London hotels - 28th February & 1st March 2018


Following the release of their third studio album, EVOLVE, Imagine Dragons have announced the addition of Europe and the UK to their EVOLVE World Tour, stopping at The O2 on Wednesday 28th February 2018.

Grammy Award-winning Imagine Dragons’ third studio album has already attained global success, with...











Iron Maiden - Legacy of the Beast at The O2 Arena with selected hotels - 10th & 11th August 2018


Heavy Metal legends Iron Maiden return to The O2 in August 2017 bringing their Legacy of the Beast World Tour home to London. 

The band formed in the mid 1970’s and have since gone on to dominate the heavy metal music scene, selling over 90 million albums and playing thousands of shows all over the...











Jeff Lynne's E.L.O. at The O2 Arena with selected hotels - 17th & 18th October 2018


After the massive success of Jeff Lynne’s E.L.O. “Wembley or Bust” live album, Jeff Lynne and the Electric Light Orchestra are making an unmissable return to London’s O2 Arena on 17th October 2018!

In true Jeff Lynne style, the talented singer-songwriter brings his fantastic live show back to the O2...











Jeff Wayne's Musical Version of The War of the Worlds - Matinee - 15th December 2018


Due to popular demand, Jeff Wayne’s Musical Version of ‘The War of the Worlds’ returns to UK arenas in 2018 and will stop at The O2 Arena, London on Saturday 15 December 2018.

Celebrating the original album’s 40th anniversary, Jeff Wayne returns to the podium to conduct the 9-piece Black Smoke Band and...











Katy Perry - The Witness Tour at The O2 Arena with selected London hotels - 14th & 15th June 2018


Don't miss out on seeing Katy Perry at The O2 on her WITNESS Tour on the 14th June 2018.

WITNESS: The Tour is Katy’s first run since the sold-out, 151-date Prismatic World Tour, which concluded in 2015 and was critically acclaimed by Rolling Stone.

The tour follows the release of her new album,...











Kendrick Lamar - The Damn Tour at The O2 Arena with selected London hotels - 12th & 13th February 2018


Kendrick Lamar brings the DAMN tour to The O2 on the 12th and 13th February 2018, with support from special guest James Blake.

Sure to be a night of pure entertainment for any rap music fan, don't miss out on your chance to see Kendrick Lamar live at London's iconic O2 Arena.











KYGO - Kids in Love Tour at The O2 Arena with selected London hotels - 25th February 2018


Norwegian superstar Kyrre Gørvell-Dahll, aka Kygo, has announced the 'Kids in Love Tour' with Gryffin, Blackbear, and Seeb. The tour stops at The O2 on Sunday 25th February 2018.

The tour announcement follows the release of two singles from the forthcoming album, including the title track...











Lady Gaga - Joanne World Tour at The O2 Arena with selected hotels - 4th & 8th February 2018


See Lady Gaga with her incredible Joanne World Tour which heads to The O2 in London in February. 

Multi award-winner Lady Gaga is a unique artist and performer. She has amassed 30 million global album sales and 150 million single sales, making her one of the best-selling musicians of all time. 

Her...











Mariah Carey - All I Want For Christmas Is You at The O2 Arena with selected hotels - 11th December 2017


Mariah Carey is bringing the All I Want For Christmas Is You Tour to the tent on Monday 11th December.

Global superstar Mariah Carey’s critically acclaimed 'All I Want For Christmas Is You' tour will stop at The O2 on 11 December 2017, as the U.K. sees the only performances on the continent,...











Mayday at The O2 Arena with selected London hotels - 4th March 2018


Record-breaking Taiwanese rock band, Mayday, are set to make their much anticipated return to London, heading to The O2 on Sunday 4th March 2018.

Mayday’s [LIFE] WORLD TOUR, the band’s 10th large-scale tour, will include an incredible 100 shows across 60 cities worldwide. The tour kicked off in March...











Nashville's Farewell Tour at The O2 Arena with selected hotels - 21st April 2018


The stars of the hit Channel 4 series Nashville are set to play one final time for audiences during their Farewell UK Tour next year, stopping at The O2 on Saturday 21 April 2018.

The tour will feature cast members Clare Bowen, Chris Carmack, Charles Esten, Jonathan Jackson and Sam Palladio and will...











Nickelback - Feed the Machine Tour at The O2 Arena with selected London hotels - 11th May 2018


Marking the release of their 9th studio album, Feed the Machine, one of the world’s biggest rock bands make their return to the UK on 11th May 2018 at the London O2 Arena.

After over 20 years in the music industry, Nickelback will be putting on a night of some of the most iconic rock songs in music...











Paloma Faith at The O2 Arena with selected London hotels - 14th March 2018


Don't miss out on Paloma Faith live at London's iconic O2 Arena in March 2018. 

Bringing her new album 'The Architect' to the masses, Paloma will be singing new material as well as many of the much-loved hits that have made her career such a success. 

Be sure to see the one and only...











Paramore at The O2 Arena with selected London hotels - 12th January 2018


Grammy Award winning rockers Paramore have announced their forthcoming return to the UK in 2018, stopping at The O2 on Friday 12th January.

Paramore, 4x Grammy nominees and winner of the "Best Rock Song" trophy at the 57th Annual Grammy Awards, have long established themselves as...











Paul Weller at The O2 Arena with selected hotels - 3rd March 2018


In 2017 “The Modfather” is celebrating the 40th anniversary of the release of his first album, The Jam’s “In The City”. To celebrate this landmark Paul Weller is releasing a new album “A Kind of Revolution” and also embarking on a UK arena tour in 2018. When The Jam burst onto the UK music scene in 1977,...











Pearl Jam at The O2 Arena with selected hotels - 18th & 19th June 2018


Pearl Jam are making their only UK appearances of 2018 in London; their European tour is arriving at The O2 on Monday 18th and Tuesday 19th June 2018.

Pearl Jam made their name as one of the key members of the grunge movement during the early 90s. Their debut album “Ten” is considered a classic of the...











PETE TONG PRESENTS IBIZA CLASSICS 2017 - with selected London hotels - 15th & 16th December 2017


With Pete Tong starting his music career in 1981, he is best known as a DJ for BBC Radio, which sees some of the best dance music DJs putting together a lengthy mix of famous anthems. As a DJ he performs his classics across the UK while also making his name known in the United States.

Pete Tong has...











Rose Marie at Viva Blackpool with selected hotels - Various dates available


Join Irish singing star Rose-Marie in the intimate surroundings of The Viva Blackpool Round Room for an evening of music favourites.

Rose has played the big stages of the world including the London Palladium, Las Vegas, TV appearances on the Des O'Connor show, Royal Variety Show and has played...











Sam Smith at The O2 Arena with selected London hotels - 6th, 7th, 9th & 10th April 2018


Sam Smith has announced a 2018 UK Arena Tour; his biggest headline shows to date. He will stop at The O2 on the 6th, 7th, 9th & 10th April 2018.

Sam gave fans a taste of his upcoming album during a series of intimate shows in London, New York, Los Angeles and Berlin in September 2017. His highly...











Sam Smith Live at the SSE Hydro Glasgow with selected hotels - 23rd & 24th March 2018


Sam Smith has announced a 2018 UK Arena Tour; his biggest headline shows to date. He will stop at the SSE Hydro Glasgow on 23rd & 24th March 2018.

Sam gave fans a taste of his upcoming album during a series of intimate shows in London, New York, Los Angeles and Berlin in September 2017. His highly...











Shania Twain at The O2 Arena with selected London hotels - 2nd & 3rd October 2018


Join Shania Twain on the London leg of her 'NOW' tour, live at the iconic O2 Arena. 

Sure to be a night to remember, don't miss out on your chance to see the queen of country pop & rock wow audiences with classic hits and new material in 2018!











Stone Free Festival at The O2 Arena with selected hotels - 16th & 17th June 2018


Returning to The O2 for its third year, the Stone Free Festival 2018 is set to be the biggest and best yet. Featuring some of rock’s biggest acts over two days of exciting live music, Stone Free 2018 is set to include Scorpions, Megadeth and prog legends Yes.

Headlining on Saturday 16th June are German...











Taylor Swift Live @ Wembley Stadium 2018 - 22nd & 23rd June 2018


Taylor Swift is making her much-awaited return to the UK in June 2018. Performing at Wembley Stadium on 22nd & 23rd June 2018, the world renowned singer-songwriter is set to put on an unmissable show. After the release of her sixth studio album, Reputation, Taylor Swift continues to dominate the...











Tears for Fears at The O2 Arena with selected London hotels - 10th May 2018


Tears For Fears have announced plans for their first UK and Ireland Tour since 2005, stopping at The O2 on Thursday 10th May 2018.

Having sold 30 million albums worldwide, performed to countless sold out audiences, and won various awards, Tears For Fears – Roland Orzabal (vocals, guitar, keyboards) and...











The Script at The O2 Arena with selected hotels - 23rd & 24th February 2018


Following the success of their latest album Freedom Child, The Script are bringing their 2018 UK & Ireland Arena tour to The O2 on the 23rd and 24th of February 2018.

Freedom Child sees the band presenting a collection of songs that speak of both real-life events and real-time adventures. The album...











The Vamps at The O2 Arena with selected London hotels - 28th April 2018


The Vamps have announced a UK arena tour for spring 2018, stopping at The O2 on Saturday 28 April 2018.

The announcement follows the release of their number one UK album, and their biggest single ever ‘All Night’, which has amassed 300 million global streams. The Vamps will continue to be centre stage...











Thirty Seconds to Mars at The O2 Arena with selected hotels - 27th March 2018


Multi-platinum selling Thirty Seconds to Mars will call at The O2 Arena on Tuesday 27 March 2018 as part of their huge European tour.

Formed by Hollywood actor Jared Leto along with his brother Shannon in 1998, Thirty Seconds to Mars have gone on to achieve considerable commercial and critical acclaim....












SuperBreak uses a secure server to encrypt and protect all communication of personal details and credit card information between yourself and the SuperBreak reservation system. Our secure server is authenticated and certificated by GlobalSign.com, making your booking 100% secure. Your details are also protected under the Data Protection Act. If you have any questions with regard to the use of your personal data, please email marketing@superbreak.com.





Book online or call



UK Call Centre open 8am-10pm GMT, 7 days a week

01904 717 362

For Groups of 5 rooms or 10+ adults call
01904 420 454

(calls charged at standard rates)







Why book with us?



Prices include all taxes

No credit card fees

No booking fees

Established for over 30 years

Winner of the Best UK Operator 2017 - Globe Travel


















Join our Super Break Facebook page to keep up to date with our latest news and offers, enter competitions or just stop by for a chat.


Like



Follow us on Twitter to find out more about our breaks & offers, get travel tips, win freebies & much more!


Follow



Read our blog to find out the latest about what's happening in our world


Read



Super Break are on YouTube. You can enjoy theatre previews, city travel guide videos & more!


Watch



Follow Super Break on Instagram to find out more about our breaks & offers, get travel tips, win freebies & much more!


Explore







Email Offers










Don't miss out, sign up today to receive our latest offers and deals








Top City Breaks




Central London Hotels



York Hotels



Manchester Hotels



Edinburgh Hotels



Paris Hotels



Liverpool Hotels








Hotels in UK & Ireland




Hotels in England



Hotels in Ireland



Hotels in Northern Ireland



Hotels in Scotland



Hotels in Wales



Hotels in Jersey



Hotels in Guernsey








Worldwide Hotels




Belgium Hotels



Czech Republic Hotels



France Hotels



Holland Hotels



Italy Hotels



Spain & Islands Hotels



More Countries



Australia Hotels



Austria Hotels



Belgium Hotels



Bulgaria Hotels



Canada Hotels



China Hotels



Croatia Hotels



Cyprus Hotels



Czech Republic Hotels



Denmark Hotels



Dominican Republic Hotels



Egypt Hotels



Estonia Hotels



Faroe Islands Hotels



Finland Hotels



France Hotels



Germany Hotels



Gibraltar Hotels



Greece Hotels



Holland Hotels



Hungary Hotels



Iceland Hotels



India Hotels



Israel Hotels



Italy Hotels



Jordan Hotels



Latvia Hotels



Lithuania Hotels



Madeira Hotels



Malaysia Hotels



Malta Hotels



Mexico Hotels



Morocco Hotels



Norway Hotels



Oman Hotels



Poland Hotels



Portugal Hotels



Puerto Rico Hotels



Romania Hotels



Russia Hotels



Serbia Hotels



Singapore Hotels



Slovakia Hotels



Slovenia Hotels



South Africa Hotels



Spain & Islands Hotels



Sweden Hotels



Switzerland Hotels



Thailand Hotels



Tunisia Hotels



Turkey Hotels



Ukraine Hotels



United Arab Emirates Hotels



United States of America Hotels



Valentine's Breaks Hotels










Hotel Code




If you have one of our brochures, you can enter the hotel code below:
















Travel Aware - Staying Safe and Healthy Abroad


The Foreign & Commonwealth Office and National Travel Health Network and Centre have up-to-date advice on staying safe and healthy abroad. For the latest travel advice from the Foreign & Commonwealth Office including security and local laws, plus passport and visa information check
www.gov.uk/travelaware
and follow
@FCOtravel
and
Facebook.com/FCOtravel

Keep informed of current travel health news by visiting
www.travelhealthpro.org.uk

The advice can change so check regularly for updates.







Need Help?

Call: 01904 717 362

(calls charged at standard rates)


© 1996-2017. SuperBreak Mini Holidays. All rights reserved.




About Us


About SuperBreak

Customer Rewards

Jobs & News

Privacy & Terms




Follow Us



Blog



Facebook



Newsletter



Twitter



Instagram



YouTube





Services


Group Bookings

Hotel Affiliate Program

List Your Hotel

Order Brochures

Travel Agents Log in




Help


Contact Us

FAQ

Sitemap





UK: £





Ireland: €




UK: £







































Eboracum Way

Artemis House

York

North Yorkshire

YO31 7RE

GB








Project=Release-20170705

Version=1001507 @ 06/12/2017 08:14:45

Last rendered @ 11/12/2017 08:16:25

Last rendered @ 11/12/2017 08:16:25

x-forward-port: ""

X-Forwarded-Proto: ""

Is Secure? False

Is Mobile? False

Machine: VWEB11

Controller: ConcertEvents

Action: ListEvents

View: ~/Views/ConcertEvents/ListConcertEvents.aspx

Firebug







Please enter a destination or hotel name to search for.




