ThinkHotels.com - TERMS AND CONDITIONS














































Go Top













CHF
Swiss Franc



GBP
Pound Sterling

EUR
Euro

USD
US Dollar

JPY
Japanese Yen

CNY
Chinese Yuan Renminbi

AFN
Afghan Afghani
ALL
Albanian Lek
DZD
Algerian Dinar
AOA
Angolan Kwanza
ARS
Argentine Peso
AMD
Armenian Dram
AWG
Aruban or Dutch Guilder
AUD
Australian Dollar
AZN
Azerbaijan, New Manat
BSD
Bahamian Dollar
BHD
Bahrain Dinar
BDT
Bangladeshi Taka
BBD
Barbadian or Bajan Dollar
LSL
Basotho Loti
BYR
Belarusian Ruble
BZD
Belizean Dollar
BMD
Bermudian Dollar
BTN
Bhutanese Ngultrum
BOB
Bolivian Boliviano
BAM
Bosnian Convertible Marka
BWP
Botswana Pula
BRL
Brazilian Real
BND
Bruneian Dollar
BGN
Bulgarian Lev
MMK
Burmese Kyat
BIF
Burundian Franc
KHR
Cambodian Riel
CAD
Canadian Dollar
CVE
Cape Verdean Escudo
KYD
Caymanian Dollar
XAF
Central African CFA Franc BEAC
XOF
CFA Franc
XPF
CFP Franc
CLP
Chilean Peso
COP
Colombian Peso
KMF
Comoran Franc
CDF
Congolese Franc
CRC
Costa Rican Colon
HRK
Croatian Kuna
CUC
Cuban Convertible Peso
CUP
Cuban Peso
CZK
Czech Koruna
DKK
Danish Krone
DJF
Djiboutian Franc
DOP
Dominican Peso
ANG
Dutch Guilder
XCD
East Caribbean Dollar
EGP
Egyptian Pound
SVC
El Salvador Colones
ERN
Eritrean Nakfa
CNH
ERR
BYN
ERR
EEK
Estonia Krooni
ETB
Ethiopian Birr
FKP
Falkland Island Pound
FJD
Fijian Dollar
GMD
Gambian Dalasi
GEL
Georgian Lari
GHS
Ghanaian Cedi
GIP
Gibraltar Pound
XAU
Gold Ounces
GTQ
Guatemalan Quetzal
GGP
Guernsey Pounds
GNF
Guinean Franc
GYD
Guyanese dollar
HTG
Haitian Gourde
HNL
Honduran Lempira
HKD
Hong Kong Dollar
HUF
Hungarian Forint
ISK
Icelandic Krona
INR
Indian Rupee
IDR
Indonesian Rupiah
XDR
International Monetary Fund Special Drawing Rights
IRR
Iranian Rial
IQD
Iraqi Dinar
IMP
Isle of Man Pounds
ILS
Israeli Shekel
JMD
Jamaican Dollar
JEP
Jersey Pounds
JOD
Jordanian Dinar
KZT
Kazakhstani Tenge
KES
Kenyan Shilling
KWD
Kuwaiti Dinar
KGS
Kyrgyzstani Som
LAK
Lao or Laotian Kip
LVL
Latvian Lat
LBP
Lebanese Pound
LRD
Liberian Dollar
LYD
Libyan Dinar
LTL
Lithuanian Litas
MOP
Macau Pataca
MKD
Macedonian Denar
MGA
Malagasy Ariary
MWK
Malawian Kwacha
MYR
Malaysian Ringgit
MVR
Maldivian Rufiyaa
MRO
Mauritanian Ouguiya
MUR
Mauritian Rupee
MXN
Mexican Peso
MDL
Moldovan Leu
MNT
Mongolian Tughrik
MAD
Moroccan Dirham
MZN
Mozambican Metical
NAD
Namibian Dollar
NPR
Nepalese Rupee
NAG
Netherlands Antillean guilder
NZD
New Zealand Dollar
VUV
Ni-Vanuatu Vatu
NIO
Nicaraguan Cordoba
NGN
Nigerian Naira
KPW
North Korean Won
NOK
Norwegian Krone
OMR
Omani Rial
PKR
Pakistani Rupee
XPD
Palladium Ounces
PAB
Panamanian Balboa
PGK
Papua New Guinean Kina
PYG
Paraguayan Guarani
PEN
Peruvian Nuevo Sol
PHP
Philippine Peso
XPT
Platinum Ounces
PLN
Polish Zloty
QAR
Qatari Riyal
RON
Romanian New Leu
RUB
Russian Ruble
RWF
Rwandan Franc
SHP
Saint Helenian Pound
WST
Samoan Tala
STD
Sao Tome and Principe dobra
SAR
Saudi Arabian Riyal
SPL
Seborga Luigini
RSD
Serbian Dinar
SCR
Seychellois Rupee
SLL
Sierra Leonean Leone
XAG
Silver Ounces
SGD
Singapore Dollar
SBD
Solomon Islander Dollar
SOS
Somali Shilling
ZAR
South African Rand
KRW
South Korean Won
LKR
Sri Lankan Rupee
SDG
Sudanese Pound
SRD
Surinamese Dollar
SZL
Swazi Lilangeni
SEK
Swedish Krona
CHF
Swiss Franc
SYP
Syrian Pound
TWD
Taiwan New Dollar
TJS
Tajikistani Somoni
TZS
Tanzanian Shilling
THB
Thai Baht
TOP
Tongan Pa anga
TTD
Trinidadian Dollar
TND
Tunisian Dinar
TRY
Turkish Lira
TMM
Turkmenistan Manats
TMT
Turkmenistani Manat
TVD
Tuvaluan Dollar
UGX
Ugandan Shilling
UAH
Ukrainian Hryvna
AED
United Arab Emirates Dirhams
UYU
Uruguayan Peso
UZS
Uzbekistani Som
VEB
Venezuela Bolivares
VEF
Venezuelan Bolivar
VND
Vietnamese Dong
YER
Yemeni Rial
ZMK
Zambia Kwacha
ZMW
Zambian Kwacha
ZWD
Zimbabwe Dollars




























































Home



Destinations


Login

















Home

Destinations

Login






















































Destinations/Hotels







Check-in:


Check-out:






Rooms:



1

2

3

4

5

6

7



Adults:

Children:




Room 1:



1

2

3

4






0

1

2

3

4











Best Rate Guaranteed

Book Now Pay Later















Terms and Conditions


These terms and conditions, which may be subject to revision, apply to all our services whether made available online directly or indirectly through distributors, via any mobile device, by email or by telephone. By accessing, viewing and using our website or any of our applications through any platform (henceforth collectively referred to as the "website") and/or by placing a reservation, you acknowledge and agree to have read, understood and agreed to the terms and conditions set out below (including the privacy statement).

These pages, the content and organisation of these pages, and the online accommodation reservation service delivered through the website (the "service") are owned, operated and provided by ThinkHotels.com ("ThinkHotels.com", "us", "we" or "our") and are provided for your personal, non-commercial use only, subject to the terms and conditions set out below.

1. Scope of our Service

Through this website we and our affiliates (distribution partners) provide an online platform through which providers of temporary accommodation (for example, hotels, motels, hostels and bed & breakfasts, collectively the "accommodation(s)"), can advertise their rooms for reservation, and through which visitors to the website can make such reservations. By making a reservation through ThinkHotels.com, you enter into a direct (legally binding) contractual relationship with the accommodation provider with which you book. From the time at which you make your reservation, we act solely as an intermediary between you and the accommodation, transmitting the details of your reservation to the accommodation provider and sending you a confirmation email for and on behalf of the accommodation provider.

Any information we disclose while providing our services is based on the information communicated to us by accommodation providers. Accommodation providers are given access to an extranet through which they are fully responsible for updating all rates, availability and other information which is displayed on our website. Although we will use reasonable skill and care in performing our services we will not verify if, and cannot guarantee that, all information is accurate, complete or correct, nor will we be held responsible for any errors (including manifest and typographical errors), any interruptions to service (whether due to temporary and/or partial breakdown, repair, upgrade or maintenance of our website or otherwise), inaccurate, misleading or incorrect information or non-provision of information. Each accommodation provider is held responsible at all times for the accuracy and comprehensiveness of information pertaining to their accommodation (including the rates and availability) displayed on our website. Our website does not constitute and should not be regarded as a recommendation or endorsement of the service level, quality, star rating, or qualification of any accommodation available for reservation.

Our services are provided for personal and non-commercial use only. Therefore, you may not re-sell, deep-link, use, copy, monitor (e.g. spider, scrape), display, download or reproduce any content or information, software, products or services available on our website for any commercial or competitive activity or purpose.

2. Prices and Best Price Guarantee

All prices on the ThinkHotels.com website are per room for the duration of your stay and include VAT and all other taxes (subject to change of such taxes), unless stated differently on our website or in your confirmation email.

Sometimes cheaper rates are available on our website for a specific stay at an accommodation premises, however, these rates are set by accommodation providers and as such they may carry conditions and restrictions, for example in respect to cancellation and refund. Please check the room and rate details thoroughly for any such conditions prior to making your reservation.

We want to provide you with the lowest price possible for your stay. Should you find your accommodation offered at a lower rate on a different website and under the same reservation conditions, after you have made a reservation through us, we will match the difference between our rate and the lower rate under the terms and conditions of the
Best Price Guarantee
.

The currency converter is for advisory purposes only and we cannot guarantee that it is accurate and real time; actual rates may vary.

Obvious errors and mistakes (including misprints) are not binding.

All special offers and promotions are marked as such.

3. Privacy and cookies

ThinkHotels.com respects your privacy. Please see our
privacy and cookies policy
for further information.

4. Free of charge

Our service is free of charge. Unlike many other providers, we will not charge you for our service or add any additional reservation fees to the room rate.

5. Cancellation

By making a reservation with an accommodation provider, you accept and agree to the relevant cancellation and no-show policy of that accommodation provider, and to any additional (delivery) terms and conditions of the accommodation provider that may apply to your reservation or during your stay, including for any and all services rendered and/or products offered by the accommodation provider (the delivery terms and conditions of an accommodation provider can be obtained from the relevant accommodation provider). The general cancellation and no-show policy of each accommodation provider is provided on our website on the accommodation information pages, during the reservation process and in the confirmation email. Please note that some rates or special offers are not eligible for cancellation or change. Please check the room details thoroughly for any such conditions prior to making your reservation. Please note that a reservation which requires down payment or prepayment in whole or part may be cancelled without prior notice in the event that the relevant amount(s) cannot be collected in full on the relevant payment date in accordance with the relevant payment policy of the accommodation and the reservation. Incorrect bank, debit or credit card details, invalid credit/debit cards, late payments, or cases of insufficient funds are your own responsibility and you will not be entitled to any refund of any (non-refundable) prepaid amount unless the accommodation agrees or allows otherwise under its (pre) payment and cancellation policy.

If you wish to reconsider, change or cancel your reservation, please refer to your confirmation email for the instructions it contains. Please note that you may be charged for cancelling your reservation in accordance with the accommodation provider's cancellation, (pre) payment and no-show policy, or you may not be entitled to any refund of any (pre) paid amount. Please read the cancellation, (pre) payment and no-show policy of your chosen accommodation provider carefully before you make your reservation and remember to make any relevant further payments on time as required.

7. Further correspondence

By making a reservation, you agree to receive (i) an email which we may send you shortly prior to your arrival date, providing you with information on your destination and certain information and offers (including third party offers if you have actively opted in to receive them) relevant to your accommodation and destination, and (ii) an email which we may send to you after the conclusion of your stay inviting you to complete our guest review form. Please see our privacy and cookies policy for more information about how you may be contacted by ThinkHotels.com.

8. Ranking and guest reviews

By default, accommodation on our website is ranked by 'Recommended' (or any similar wording). This Default Ranking is created using multiple criteria through a fully automatic ranking system (algorithm). We also offer other criteria by which to rank accommodation.

A completed guest review may be (a) uploaded onto the relevant accommodation property's information page on our website for the sole purpose of informing potential and future guests of your opinion of the quality and level of service provided at the accommodation, and (b) (wholly or partly) used and placed by ThinkHotels.com at its sole discretion (e.g. for marketing, promotion or improvement of our service) on our website or such social media platforms, newsletters, special promotions, apps or other channels owned, hosted, used or controlled by ThinkHotels.com and our business partners. We reserve the right to change, reject or remove reviews at our sole discretion. The guest review form should be regarded as a survey and does not include any (further commercial) offers, incentives, promotions, or invitations whatsoever.

9. Disclaimer

Subject to the limitations set out in these terms and conditions and to the extent permitted by law, we shall only be liable for direct damages suffered, paid or incurred by you due to an attributable shortcoming of our obligations in respect to our services, up to an aggregate amount of the aggregate cost of your reservation as set out in the confirmation email (whether for one event or series of connected events).

However and to the extent permitted by law, neither we nor any of our officers, directors, subsidiaries, employees, agents, representatives, licensees, affiliated companies, affiliate (distribution) partners, distributors or others involved in creating, promoting, sponsoring, or otherwise making available the site and its contents shall be liable for (i) any punitive, special, consequential or indirect loss or damages, any loss of production, loss of revenue, loss of profit, loss of or damage to goodwill or reputation, loss of claim, loss of contract, (ii) any inaccuracy relating to the (descriptive) information (including rates, availability and ratings) of the accommodation as provided on our website, (iii) the services rendered or the products offered by the accommodation provider, (iv) any (direct, indirect, consequential or punitive) damages, losses or costs suffered, incurred or paid by you, pursuant to, arising out of or in connection with the use, inability to use or delays in use of our website, or (v) for any (personal) injury, death, property damage, or other (direct, indirect, special, punitive or consequential) damages, losses or costs suffered, incurred or paid by you, whether due to (legal) acts, errors, breaches, (gross) negligence, willful misconduct, omissions, non-performance, misrepresentations, tort or strict liability by or (wholly or partly) attributable to the accommodation (its employees, directors, officers, agents, representatives or affiliated companies), including any (partial) cancellation, overbooking, strike, force majeure or any other event beyond our control.

You agree and accept that the accommodation is at all times responsible for the collection, with holding, remittance and payment of any and all applicable taxes due on the total amount of the room price to the relevant tax authorities, whether the accommodation you stay at charges or has charged you for your room, or we are facilitating the payment of the room price. ThinkHotels.com is not liable or responsible for the remittance, collection, withholding or payment of the relevant taxes due on the room price to the relevant tax authorities.

10. Intellectual property rights

The software used to deliver our services or available at our website, and the intellectual property rights (including the copyrights) of the contents and information on our website are owned by ThinkHotels.com, its suppliers or providers, unless stated otherwise,

ThinkHotels.com exclusively retains ownership of all rights, title and interest in and to (all intellectual property rights of) (the look and feel (including infrastructure) of) the website on which our service is made available (including the guest reviews and translated content) and you are not entitled to copy, (hyper-/deep)link to, scrape, promote, integrate, publish, combine, market, utilize or otherwise use the content (including any translations and guest reviews) or our brand without our express written permission. To the extent that you might (wholly or partly) use or combine our (translated) content (including guest reviews) or would otherwise own any intellectual property rights in the website or any (translated) content or guest reviews, you hereby relinquish, assign, and transfer all such intellectual property rights to ThinkHotels.com. Any unlawful use or any of the aforementioned actions or behaviour will constitute a material infringement of our intellectual property rights (including copyright and database right).

11. Miscellaneous

These terms and conditions and the provision of our services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with United Kingdom law and any dispute arising out of these general terms and conditions and our services shall exclusively be submitted to the competent courts in the United Kingdom.

The original English version of these terms and conditions may have been translated into other languages. The translated version is a courtesy translation only and is not definitive. In the event of a dispute about the contents or interpretation of these terms and conditions, or any contradiction, irregularity or discrepancy between the English version and any translate diversion of these terms and conditions, the English language version to the extent permitted by law shall apply, prevail and be conclusive. The English version is available on our website (by selecting the English language) or you may request one in writing.

If any provision of these terms and conditions is or becomes invalid, unenforceable or non-binding, all other provisions shall remain binding. In the event of such, any invalid provision shall nonetheless be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and you will at least agree to accept a similar consequence as would have resulted from the invalid, unenforceable or non-binding provision, given the purpose and contents of these terms and conditions.

12. About ThinkHotels.com and the support companies

This online accommodation reservation service is rendered by ThinkHotels.com, which is a private limited liability company, incorporated under the laws of the England and having its offices at
Suite CP 103, Winchester House, 259 - 269 Old Marylebone Road, London NW1 5RA
and registered with the trade register of the Chamber of Commerce in England under registration number
07829962
. Our VAT registration number is
GB 142 3603 46
.
























Customer feedback

98% Rating (based of 583 reviews)

Read the latest independent

customer feedback about our service.













































































My Account

About Us

Contact Us

Customer Care

Terms & Conditions

Privacy and Cookies

Send to Friend

FAQ

Sitemap

Jobs

New Hotel Signup

Affiliate Program

Our Social Responsibility

Travel Braggies





Copyrights
©
2017.
World Hotel Marketing
&
ThinkHotels.com
















