



GetYourGuide Privacy

























Fetching...

















Search










Search





English






Dansk





Deutsch





Deutsch (Österreich)





Deutsch (Schweiz)





English (United Kingdom)





Español





Español de México





Français





Italiano





Nederlands





Norsk





Polski





Português





Português do Brasil





Suomen kieli





Svenska





Türkçe





Русский





日本語





简体中文





繁體中文







CHF (CHF)






U.S. Dollar (US$)





Euro (€)





Australian Dollar (A$)





British Pound (£)





Canadian Dollar (C$)





Danish Krone (DKK)





New Zealand Dollar (NZ$)





Norwegian krone (NOK)





Polish Złoty (zł)





Singapore Dollar (S$)





Swedish Krona (SEK)





Swiss Franc (CHF)





UAE Dirham (د.إ)







Cart


0






Help





Log in






Log in





Wishlist


0








Sign up










Home
GetYourGuide Privacy







Legal



Privacy Policy



General Terms and Conditions






GetYourGuide Privacy

Print Version

Like every service operator, we also capture, process and use data as part of our service of offering tourist services online via the internet and mobile applications (the “
Service
”). The protection of your personal data as a part of all the services we provide is very important to us. Therefore we gather, pro-cess and use your personal data exclusively in accordance with the applicable legal regulations.

In this privacy statement we explain how we handle your personal data as part of your use of our web-site.

The party responsible for data protection is GetYourGuide Deutschland GmbH, Erich-Weinert-Strasse 145C, 10409 Berlin, Germany (“
GetYourGuide
” or “
we
”) as well as those companies affiliated with GetYourGuide, to whom you have given the appropriate consent for the use of your personal data.

We reserve the right to adjust the content of this privacy statement from time to time. It is therefore ad-visable to periodically review this privacy statement.
1. General Information
We commit ourselves to observe the applicable data protection laws, in particular, the provisions of the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) and the German Telemedia Act (TMG).

We collect, process and use your personal data only with your consent or when this processing or use is permissible by law. We only process or use the data which is required for using the site or the data which you provide to us.
2. Personal Data
Personal data is specific information about personal or factual circumstances regarding an identified or identifiable natural person, in accordance with Section 3 paragraph 1 of the German Federal Data Protec-tion Act (BDSG). This includes information such as your name, your address and email address or your phone number.
3. Automatic Collection and Processing of Data During the Use of this Website
3.1 Data Processing to Enable the Use of the Website
When you visit our website, we collect the data necessary to enable your use of this website (usage data). This includes your IP address as well as data about the beginning and end of sessions and the telemedia used, it may also include data used to identify you (e.g. your login credentials if you log in to a secure area of the website). These data serve the purposes of delivering the service and designing it in a needs-based manner. Generally, they are deleted when no longer needed. For information on the processing of data in the form of pseudonymous usage profiles, see section 3.3.

3.2 Cookies
When you visit our website, information may be stored on your computer in the form of cookies. Cookies are small text files that are transferred between a webserver and your browser and are stored on your computer’s disk. This makes it possible to recognize you when you re-visit the website. This way, we can offer you better functionality of our website and, for example, avoid that you have to log in repeatedly, or allow us to carry out web analysis (see section 3.3). Most browsers are configured to automatically accept cookies.

By configuring your browser, you may prevent that cookies are stored, and you may also erase cookies at any time. Please note that without cookies, the use and experience of our services via this website may be impeded or impossible. In particular, without cookies, it may not be possible to book a guide, as cookies are required to verify your booking data. Via your browser settings, you can also prevent certain cookies (such as third-party-cookies) from being stored, e.g. if you want to prevent web tracking. You will find further information in your browser’s help section.

3.3 Pseudonymous Usage Profiles for Advertising and Market Research (Web Tracking and Analysis)

For the purposes of advertising and market research and to optimize the user experience of our website, we use web tracking technology. Respective data regarding the use of our website is stored in pseudonymous usage profiles (your IP addresses is stored in anonymized form). This way, we are able to improve our website and to better adjust the content to your needs. Usage profiles are also used for so-called retargeting. This enables us to place ads with interesting offers also on other websites that you visit. Pseudonymous usage profiles will not be (re-)combined with personal data.

You can object to the building of pseudonymous usage profiles. To this end, you can configure your browser so that it does not accept cookies (see section 3.2). You can also use a browser plugin to protect your privacy – e.g. AdBlock, Ghostery or NoScript (before installing any plugins, consider the applicable privacy policy). Some providers of tracking technology have joined advertising associations (see below for details), allowing users to centrally opt-out of receiving targeted online ads by any of the members of the respective association. You can find such multi-provider opt-out solutions here:

„European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance“ (EDAA): http://www.youronlinechoices.com/de/praferenzmanagement/

„Digital Advertising Alliance“ (DAA): www.aboutads.info/choices/

„Network Advertising Initiative“ (NAI): http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/

In addition, we explain below how to opt-out of the targeting by individual service providers.

3.3.1 Criteo
Our website contains tracking technology by Criteo SA, 32 Rue Blanche, 75009 Paris, France („Criteo“). This may include cookies (see section 3.2). Criteo collects and stores usage data in pseudonymous profiles for the purposes of web analysis and interest-based advertising. You can opt-out of such data collection and storage at any time with effect for the future by setting an opt-out-cookie on your device (see opt-out-page). You will find further information on this opt-out and on the data processing by Criteo in the privacy policy of Criteo (http://www.criteo.com/privacy/full-privacy-text/). You can also opt-out via the website of the EDAA or DAA (see section 3.3).

Criteo sets some trackers in our website which are Adscale, Bidswitch (IPONWEB), AppNexus, Index Exchange, OpenX, Pub Matic, Taboola, Yahoo Ad Exchange, Yahoo Analytics and opting out of Criteo means opting out from these trackers.

3.3.2 Facebook Custom Audience; Facebook Pixel
Our website contains tracking technology by Facebook, 1601 S. California Avenue, Palo Alto, 94304 CA, USA („Facebook“). This may include cookies (see section 3.2). Facebook collects and stores usage data in pseudonymous profiles for the purposes of web analysis and interest-based advertising. You can opt-out of such data collection and storage at any time with effect for the future by setting an opt-out-cookie on your device via the website of the EDAA (see section 3.3). You will find further information on the data processing by Facebook in the privacy policy of Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation) and on this webpage.

3.3.3 Google Analytics
Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA („Google“). Google Analytics uses cookies (see section 3.2) in order to analyse your use of this website. The information about your use of this website collected using cookies is usually transferred to and stored on servers of Google Inc. in the US. Prior to the transfer to the US, Google masks and thereby anonymizes your IP address within the territory of the EU or of the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and masked by Google servers in the US. On behalf of the website provider Google will use this information to analyse your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider. Google will not combine your IP address with any other data held by Google. 

You may refuse to have cookies stored on your device by appropriately configuring your browser (see section 3.2) or by using a privacy plugin (see section 3.3). Furthermore you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB. Alternatively, you can prevent the tracking by Google Analytics by setting an opt-out-cookie on your device via the following link:
Opt-Out-Cookie setzen. Further information on the data processing in the context of Google Analytics is available under: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/.

3.3.4 Google Double-Click, Google AdWords Conversion, Google Dynamic Remarketing
We also use Google Analytics to evaluate data from the Google services AdWords and DoubleClick for statistical purposes. This way, in order to improve our services, we can analyse what happens after a user has clicked on one of our ads, e.g. whether a user has ordered a product or has viewed the ad from a mobile device. Furthermore, you will receive interest-based ads through these services. You can opt out of such interest-based ads via the Google Ads preferences pages: http://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/?hl=en.

DoubleClick places a cookie on your device to track your surf profile across webpages and to serve you interest-based ads. If you want to permanently opt out of this, you can download a plugin to deactivate this cookie under the following link: https://www.google.com/settings/u/0/ads/plugin?hl=en

3.3.5 Google Tag Manager
This website uses Google Tag Manager to manage website tags. A tag is a JavaScript snippet that can be used to send information from a website to a third party, in particular in the context of web tracking. The tool Google Tag Manager itself does not collect personal data. Rather, the tool triggers other tags that may collect data (such as the tag of Google Analytics). Google Tag Manager does not access such data. A deactivation on the domain level or cookie level will affect all tracking tags implemented via Google Tag Manager. This facilitates the implementation of an effective opt-out of web tracking.

3.3.6 Mixpanel
Our website contains tracking technology by Mixpanel, San Francisco 405 Howard Street, Floor 2. San Francisco, CA 94105(“Mixpanel”). This may include cookies (see section 3.2). Mixpanel collects and stores usage data in pseudonymous profiles for the purposes of web analysis and interest-based advertising. You can opt-out of such data collection and storage at any time with effect for the future by setting an opt-out-cookie on your device via the website of the EDAA (see section 3.3). You will find further information on the data processing by Mixpanel in the privacy policy of Mixpanel (https://mixpanel.com/privacy/).

3.3.7 New Relic
Our website contains tracking technology by New Relic, 188 Spear St., Suite 1200 
San Francisco, CA USA 94105 (“New Relic”). This may include cookies (see section 3.2). New Relic collects and stores usage data in pseudonymous profiles for the purposes of web analysis and interest-based advertising. You can opt-out of such data collection and storage at any time with effect for the future by setting an opt-out-cookie on your device via the website of the EDAA (see section 3.3). You will find further information on the data processing by New Relic in the privacy policy of New Relic (https://newrelic.com/privacy).

3.3.8 Sift Science
Our website contains tracking technology by Sift Science, 123 Mission Street, 15th Floor San Francisco, CA 94105 . This may include cookies (see section 3.2). Sift Science collects and stores usage data in pseudonymous profiles for the purposes of web analysis and interest-based advertising. You can opt-out of such data collection and storage at any time with effect for the future by setting an opt-out-cookie on your device via the website of the EDAA (see section 3.3). You will find further information on the data processing by Sift Science in the privacy policy of Sift Science.

3.3.9 Optimizely
Our website contains tracking technology by Optimizely, 631 Howard Street, Suite 100. San Francisco, CA 94105.This may include cookies (see section 3.2). Optimizely collects and stores usage data in pseudonymous profiles for the purposes of web analysis and interest-based advertising. You can opt-out of such data collection and storage at any time with effect for the future by setting an opt-out-cookie on your device via the website of the EDAA (see section 3.3). You will find further information on the data processing by Facebook in the privacy policy of Optimizely (https://www.optimizely.com/privacy/).

3.3.10 Airpr
Our website contains tracking technology by Airpr, Maiden Lane, Suite 530
San Francisco, CA 94108.This may include cookies (see section 3.2). Airpr collects and stores usage data in pseudonymous profiles for the purposes of web analysis and interest-based advertising. You can opt-out of such data collection and storage at any time with effect for the future by setting an opt-out-cookie on your device via the website of the EDAA (see section 3.3). You will find further information on the data processing by Airpr in the privacy policy of Airpr (https://airpr.com/privacy-policy/).

3.3.11 Hotjar
Our website contains tracking technology by Hotjar, St Julians, Saint Julian's, MT. This may include cookies (see section 3.2). Hotjar collects and stores usage data in pseudonymous profiles for the purposes of web analysis and interest-based advertising. You can opt-out of such data collection and storage at any time with effect for the future by setting an opt-out-cookie on your device via the website of the EDAA (see section 3.3). You will find further information on the data processing by Hotjar in the privacy policy of Hotjar (https://www.hotjar.com/privacy).

3.3.12 Bing
Our website contains tracking technology by Bing, 555 110th Ave NE; Bellevue, Washington 98004, USA. This may include cookies (see section 3.2). Bing collects and stores usage data in pseudonymous profiles for the purposes of web analysis and interest-based advertising. You can opt-out of such data collection and storage at any time with effect for the future by setting an opt-out-cookie on your device via the website of the EDAA (see section 3.3). You will find further information on the data processing by Bing in the privacy policy of Bing (https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/privacy-and-data-protection-policies ).

3.3.13 Booking.com
Our website contains tracking technology by Booking.com,Herengracht 597 1017 CE Amsterdam Netherlands. This may include cookies (see section 3.2). Booking.com collects and stores usage data in pseudonymous profiles for the purposes of web analysis and interest-based advertising. You can opt-out of such data collection and storage at any time with effect for the future by setting an opt-out-cookie on your device via the website of the EDAA (see section 3.3). You will find further information on the data processing by Booking.com in the privacy policy of Booking.com (https://www.booking.com/content/privacy.en-gb.html)

3.3.14 Opodo 
Our website contains tracking technology by Opodo,Hammersmith Embankment, Chancellors Road, London, W6 9RU. This may include cookies (see section 3.2). Opodo collects and stores usage data in pseudonymous profiles for the purposes of web analysis and interest-based advertising. You can opt-out of such data collection and storage at any time with effect for the future by setting an opt-out-cookie on your device via the website of the EDAA (see section 3.3). You will find further information on the data processing by Opodo in the privacy policy of Opodo (https://www.opodo.co.uk/privacy-policy/)

3.3.15 Spotefffects
Our website contains tracking technology by Spoteffects, Knorrstr. 69 80807 München. This may include cookies (see section 3.2). Opodo collects and stores usage data in pseudonymous profiles for the purposes of web analysis and interest-based advertising. You can opt-out of such data collection and storage at any time with effect for the future by setting an opt-out-cookie on your device via the website of the EDAA (see section 3.3). You will find further information on the data processing by Spoteffects in the privacy policy of Spoteffects (http://www.spoteffects.com/footer/imprint/#c920 )
4. Transfer of Personal Data
GetYourGuide will not share your personal data with third parties, unless you have previously giv-en your express permission or unless the transmission is required or permissible by law. We will in particular not sell or otherwise market your data to third parties. Transfers of data to government institutions and authorities is done only within the scope of mandatory national legal requirements. Our employees and partners are obligated by us to maintain secrecy and to comply with legal da-ta protection regulations.
5. Cookies and Google Analytics
5.1 We use cookies in order to recognize you as a user during the use of the service and to store technical data for the correct functioning of the website on your computer. A cookie is a text file that is stored on your computer and which allows an analysis of your use of the website. With this cookie, we store only each random session and the serial number of your visit.

5.2 If you do not wish to use cookies, you can block their use in your browser. However, as a result of blocking cookies, it is possible that you may be unable to use certain areas of our website.

5.3 GetYourGuide uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service of Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics also uses cookies (see paragraph 5.1). The information generated by cookies about your use of the website is usually transferred to a Google service in the United States and stored there. In case IP anonymization is activated on this website, Google will truncate your IP address within the area of Member States of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be first transferred to a Google server in the United States and truncated there. Google will use this information on the behalf of GetYourGuide as the operator of this website for the purpose of evaluating your use of our website, to compile reports for GetYourGuide on website activities and for providing other services related to website use and internet use. The IP address that your browser sends as part of Google Analytics will not be associated with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however we would like to point out that if you do this, you may not be able to fully use all the functions of our website. You can also prevent the data generated by the cookie about your use of our website (including your IP address) from being sent to Google and the data from being processing by Google, by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.

5.4 GetYourGuide uses the Google service
Google Maps
(“
Google Maps API
”) which provides you with more information. Certain data may be transmitted to Google when it is being used, but this is done anonymously.
6. Use of Data for Marketing Purposes / Consent
6.1 Based on your declaration of consent, GetYourGuide processes and uses your personal data when applicable for marketing activities, such as for sending emails with general information or advertising information (newsletters).

6.2 We wish to obtain the following declaration of consent from you:
I agree that every week, GetYourGuide will send me exciting travel tips, city guides and top offers by email. You may revoke this consent with GetYourGuide at any time without observing any form (for example, by telephone or by email).
6.3 You can revoke your declarations of consent with us with future effect at any time. Additionally, if we use your personal information as permissible by law, for example for marketing activities by mail, you may object to this use.
All that is necessary in both cases is to send an email to the following address: info@getyourguide.com
7. About Data Collected From Mobile Applications or Devices
7.1 When you download data, use our mobile applications or access one of our webpages optimized for mobile devices, we may, as described above in this declaration, collect information about you and your mobile device. This many include data about your location. We use this information to provide location-based services such as search results and other personalized content for you, if approved by you and your device. On most mobile devices, you can control or disable location services in the settings menu. If you have questions about how to disable location services on your device, we recommend that you contact your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of your device.

7.2 If we collect additional personal data which is transmitted as a result of your use of our mobile applications or your accessing our website with a mobile device, we will obtain your express con-sent in advance.
8. Data Collected From Other Sources
We may collect additional information about you from third parties in order to supplement our ac-count information. This information may be, among other things, demographic and navigation da-ta, credit check information and information from credit reporting agencies, to the extent legally permissible.
9. Data Storage
Your personal data will be stored for only as long as necessary for the purposes stated in this privacy statement or for as long as we are required by law or legally obligated to store this infor-mation.
10. Right of Access, Rectification, Deletion
You have the right at any time to receive information free of charge about your personal data stored with us. If your data is stored incorrectly or wrongly by us, we will gladly correct, block or delete it. Please inform us of any changes to your data immediately.

Please direct requests for information, questions, complaints or suggestions to the following ad-dress:

GetYourGuide GmbH 
Erich-Weinert-Strasse 145C 
10409 Berlin 
Germany
Tel: + 49 30 544 459 44

Or via email: info@getyourguide.com

Berlin, September 2015







Language



English

Dansk

Deutsch

Deutsch (Österreich)

Deutsch (Schweiz)

English (United Kingdom)

Español

Español de México

Français

Italiano

Nederlands

Norsk

Polski

Português

Português do Brasil

Suomen kieli

Svenska

Türkçe

Русский

日本語

简体中文

繁體中文



Currency



US$ U.S. Dollar

€ Euro

A$ Australian Dollar

£ British Pound

C$ Canadian Dollar

DKK Danish Krone

NZ$ New Zealand Dollar

NOK Norwegian krone

zł Polish Złoty

S$ Singapore Dollar

SEK Swedish Krona

CHF Swiss Franc

د.إ UAE Dirham





Mobile
















Support




Contact



Legal



Privacy Policy



Terms of Use






Company




About Us


Careers


Blog


Press





Work With Us




Supplier Administration



Affiliate Partner Administration






Ways You Can Pay












©
2008
–
2017
GetYourGuide.

Made in Zurich & Berlin.


stay curious



Facebook

Instagram

Twitter

Google+

Pinterest

LinkedIn

















Fetching...

















