






Catalina Hotel & Beach Club in Miami | Hotel Rates & Reviews on Orbitz



































Skip to main content



Cobranded header here


Welcome to Orbitz.com
Continue to the U.S. site at Orbitz.com

close





Booking travel on behalf of


Done












Join Rewards





//a.travel-assets.com/globalcontrols-service/content/afd9b15d6e9faeac5721eeb0c7393bc624314509








Search anything









Search




















Show Menu

Hide Menu









Saved Hotels





Show Account Icon Menu
































Join Rewards



































































Shop Travel





Home



Hotels



Flights



Packages



Cars



Vacation Rentals



Cruises



Cruises



Deals



Activities



Discover



Mobile



Rewards






















1











All caught up!
No new notifications right now.
















Account







Sign in to see exclusive Member Pricing.






Sign In






New?
Create an Account










Hello,

's Account







My Account



Sign Out



Not
?



Not
?
Log in to your account



















Things you view while shopping are saved here.














My Trips






Support







Customer Support



Feedback






Español









//a.travel-assets.com/globalcontrols-service/content/afd9b15d6e9faeac5721eeb0c7393bc624314509








Search anything









Search








For customer service, call us toll-free at 1-800-397-3342. For customers outside the US, please call 1-404-728-8787. International calling rates will apply.









Home




Hotels




Flights




Packages




Cars




Vacation Rentals




Cruises




Cruises




Deals




Activities




Discover




Mobile




Rewards




More





Mobile


















Beginning of main content






Create your free account







Create your free account










Sign Up with Facebook





OR









We apologize for our system failure. Please try again


Account already exists


Authentication failure. Please try again







Action required!

To finish creating your account, please click the link we just sent to







First name







Last name









Email address










Create a password

















Earn free travel rewards with
Orbitz Rewards
. By joining  Orbitz Rewards, I accept all
Terms and Conditions
.









Sign Up






By creating an account, I agree to the
Terms of Use
and the
Privacy Policy
.






Already have an account?




Sign In












Sign in to your account







Sign in to your account










Sign In with Facebook





OR









We apologize for our system failure. Please try again


You may have entered an unknown email address or an incorrect password


Authentication failure. Please try again






Email address










Password
















Keep me signed in




Forgot password?







Sign In






Need an account?




Sign Up




































United States of America
>



Florida
>



Miami
>



South Beach
>



Catalina Hotel & Beach Club, Miami

Catalina Hotel & Beach Club, Miami, current page







< See all hotels




Help: 1-844-663-2276



















































































































































































Switch main photo to previous photo





Switch main photo to next photo
















Please fix the following errors to continue:



Please enter a check-in date



Please enter a check-out date



Please provide the ages of children below



Please enter your travel dates like this: M/d/yyyy









Check-in











Check-out










Rooms


1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9






Adults


1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14




Children


0

1

2

3

4

5

6








Check Availability









Catalina Hotel & Beach Club, a South Beach Group Hotel


3.5 out of 5.0






Overview

Reviews

Amenities & Policies











Enter your dates to see prices

Catalina Hotel & Beach Club, a South Beach Group Hotel

3.5 out of 5.0







There are errors on the form

Please fix the following errors to continue:



We need both a check-in and a check-out date to check availability.



Your dates seem to be a bit off. Please enter your travel dates like this: mm/dd/yyyy.



Cannot be more then 28 days between check-in and check-out dates.








Check-in









Check-out











Go












3.3

out of 5



Average Guest Review



See all
641
reviews








Room cleanliness

3.5




Service & staff

3.5




Room comfort

3.0




Hotel condition

3.0




This hotel is most popular for:


Couples

Friends

Family








Recent guest reviews










Horrible , unprofessional, my room was dirty even had kiss marks on bathroom door , dirty used cups behind our door. Went to front desk said they would send housekeeping up ..they never once came. rooftop bar was advertised..was not open once our entire stay of 3 days 2 nights .  we had someone in our group slip in a water puddle on their stairwell and hit their head , clearly you can see employees don’t come to the buildings that much , our travel agency has been trying to get ahold of the manager for a week now with no luck. Do not waste your money here you will be disappointed! Only good thing about this hotel was the bell man, he was amazing!














micki, wisconsin


See all reviews











The hotel is in a good area but that's all it has. The rooms are small. The hotel has 3 small building if you end up in the max build your going to have to walk thru a restaurant to go to your room and if you want to go to the roof top pool you have to come out of the build and go to the next build to go to the pool. The pool in the max build is horrible!! The staff does not answer the phone. If you need ice you have to ask the staff they do not have an ice machine. Don't waist your money!!! They have a restaurant that's open 24hrs so you don't get any rest in this hotel at all it's always loud!!














monch, new jersey


See all reviews











I would not recommend this hotel. I got my diamond ring stolen by houswkeeper. The hotel did nothing about it and tried to make me feel like it was my fault. Unprofessional and just plain rediculous.














kristina, michigan


See all reviews











They need to work on the shower and some of the bathrooms














AA, cozumel


See all reviews











Nice location right on 17th  Collins ave. The problem with this hotel is that its three buildings  side by side . I honestly thought when i purchase my package i was going to be roomed in the Catalina hotel. Unfortunately i wasn't room in that building. I was roomed in the beach club the building to the left of the Catalina. In my package it stated  free shuttle bus round trip. My biggest suggest to Orbitz and to any hotel/Resort is to please state where and what shuttle company customers need to be looking for. I was in the airport confused looking for the shuttle i gave up and hired a taxi, so i wasted money because of the lack of detail in the itinerary. The room i stayed at was directly across  the elevators which was noisy. Great job Catalina staff members for putting me in a crappy room. The room was really tiny and the funny part it stated ( living large). The materials in the room seem to be outdated. I received  toiletries on my second day by the cleaning room staff members ,why wasn't it already there? The main entrances of the building is a big issue. The reason is that they have a restaurant where u have to pass by with your luggages while people are eating (disgusting). Catalina/beach needs to be more organize.














chris, maryland


See all reviews











Nice place some things can be improved but so for all hotels. Nice size rooms that was cleaned daily very nice location near beach and shopping. For the price I had an awesome stay lived it the only the only thing my room key wasn't working in the door a lot. I had to tango with the door and key to gAin access.














great person, new york


See all reviews











I enjoyed my stay. Hotel staff was amicable and attentive. I enjoyed a great dinner and breakfast at the hotel's sister hotels. Hotel's location is within walking proximity to beach and Ocean Drive. Complimentary shuttle service is a great perk!














ralph, California


See all reviews











This was my 4th stay in Catalina. I can compare it to my last 3 stays. While most of the staff were accommodating. There were a lot of things that changed. First, the beach chair vouchers are no longer provided. I asked for a towel and voucher at front desk and the lady at the desk told me they discontinued it because "customers were complaining about it"(why would people complain for something we pay for in resort fee and convenience), then proceeded to hand me 2 foldable chairs to carry and walk with, to the beach 2 blocks away. She did not mention that there were discounts for $5 for a chair rental at the beach so I had to pay $40 for 2 chairs. Second, the manager "David" was utterly rude during happy hour. Making people line up during "free happy hour" behind the runners/service area, it shouldn't be blocked. Shouldn't happy hour be "happy" and social time? Not stressful. Sorry but I'd rather pay for $13 drink, not desperate. Third, I never had to pay to use the rooftop pool cabana/rest area and a bartender tried to tell me that I had to reserve and pay for it. I was never told that in the last 3 stays. What do we really get for the resort fees except for free towels? Internet didn't work, lost power X1 day. The only exceptional staff I've met was "Mike" the bartender and the guy that checked us in.  While I've enjoyed my 3 of 4 stays in Catalina for its excellent location and nice rooms, I'm sad to say that I will be looking somewhere else for my next trip to Miam














Tee


See all reviews











Only pro is that it's conveniently located near beach, food and shopping.. cons: room is tiny, no door on shower but strangely it works without water splashing everywhere, low beds, uncomfortable, itchy covers (may be the detergent or low thread count on sheets), towels are rough, elevator tiny, pool the size of a motel 6 pool and water was cloudy like it was contaminated.. I'm still itching














Taco, Los Angeles, CA


See all reviews











Very nice hotel. Friendly staff. Close to beach. Shuttle driver was friendly until he dropped me off at airport. He asked for a tip 3 times. Told him i had bo cash. He was livid abd refused to get my bags out of shuttle. Then he pulled off aggressively. Ride was very bumpy. Kept running off road














Antionette , nc


See all reviews











There were red bugs coming out of the sink and in my bed. I have bites from these bugs while i slept. Not going back.














rick


See all reviews











Great pool area and really nice staff will return!!!!!














i am a health c, new york


See all reviews











Very clean,perfect location.
Use garage behind H&M; on Lincoln rd $15 per night it's a 7 min walk from the hotel.














annag, new york


See all reviews











Overall, I had a very good experience. The front desk staff were always very accommodating  and the entire hotel staff were friendly. The rooms were very clean. The building with FKU restaurant was always extremely cold.














Verified traveller


See all reviews











We would like to thank Gregori, Eddie, Nelson, Freddy and Carlos for making our stay extra memorable in sunny Miami. The staff and service was outstanding. We would recommend this hotel to all our family and friends.














bday in Mia, Christina


See all reviews











Staff were friendly, very helpful , and place was great! I absolutely LOVED the atmosphere. Rooms were so comfy , and it was a delight waking up to the smell of food from Maxine's ! Hotel gave us free beach towels , a beach bag ,and discounted Beach chairs and umbrella. The aroma in the hotel was welcoming , doormen were very nice and helpful. My wife and I will stay there again! Amazing location














couples vacay, philadelphia pa


See all reviews











Pretty cute rooms, the pool and Roof decks are perfect. Staff was pretty friendly. Overall hotel is great. Only recommendation I would give is get a new elevator.














Verified traveller


See all reviews











Was great location, staff was accommodating, AC was wonderful.














Verified traveller


See all reviews











This hotel is located one block from the beach, on bustling Collins Ave. It's a good value given what one might expect to pay in South Beach. The three buildings that make up the hotel are furnished in a chic way, yet the hallways and the rooms seem a bit run down. We were there on two nights, one before leaving for Cuba, and then when our flight out of Miami was cancelled due to snow up north on our return, we were able to get several rooms back at the Catalina at a very good rate for members of our group. The first room we had was somewhat dark and small. The room the following week was on a higher floor and was bigger and brighter. No breakfast was included, so expect to buy breakfast at the outdoor restaurant in front of the hotel- a fun place to people watch.














LB, Massachusetts


See all reviews











For the price is worth the money! I stayed 2already end i will comeback again!














Verified traveller


See all reviews





















1732 Collins Ave

Miami Beach

FL









Hotel highlights


Walking distance to Lincoln Road Mall

Free WiFi in rooms and public areas

Onsite dining

Free airport shuttle




Located in South Beach within a short walk of Lincoln Road Mall, Catalina Hotel & Beach Club, a South Beach Group Hotel is within a mile (2 km) of other popular sights such as Art Deco Welcome Center. This 190-room, 3.5-star hotel welcomes guests with 2 outdoor pools, 2 restaurants, and free in-room WiFi. In the historical district, it's also near Lummus Park Beach and Jungle Island.


Dining

Enjoy dining at one of 2 onsite restaurants including Maxine's Bistro & Bar, which specializes in American cuisine. Savor a meal from the privacy of your room with room service, or get a pick-me-up at the coffee shop/café. Start your day off with breakfast, available for a fee.


Rooms

All of Catalina Hotel & Beach Club, a South Beach Group Hotel's 190 rooms are air-conditioned and have an array of amenities, including iPod docks, minibars, and free local calls. Guests can expect to find free WiFi and plasma TVs with cable channels. Tempur-Pedic beds sport Egyptian cotton sheets and down comforters, and bathrooms offer hair dryers and designer toiletries. Safes and ironing boards are other standard amenities.


Property features

Renovated in 2017, Catalina Hotel & Beach Club, a South Beach Group Hotel offers 2 outdoor pools, a rooftop terrace, and free WiFi in public areas. Valet parking is USD 40.00 + tax per night if you plan to drive, or hop aboard the free airport shuttle at scheduled times. The front desk has multilingual staff on hand 24/7 to help with dry cleaning/laundry, concierge services, and luggage storage. Additional amenities include a business center, a library, and express check-in.











Room options





Double




from

$93


Check availability






Living Large

King 1 | Sleeps 3


Get prices




Double Double

Full 2 | Sleeps 4


Get prices








Guest reviews for Catalina Hotel & Beach Club


Everyone
(38)

Couples
(211)

Business
(49)

Family
(71)

Friends
(186)

Other (86)







1




Everyone



Horrible , unprofessional, my room was dirty even had kiss marks on bathroom door , dirty used cups behind our door. Went to front desk said they would send housekeeping up ..they never once came. rooftop bar was advertised..was not open once our entire stay of 3 days 2 nights .  we had someone in our group slip in a water puddle on their stairwell and hit their head , clearly you can see employees don’t come to the buildings that much , our travel agency has been trying to get ahold of the manager for a week now with no luck. Do not waste your money here you will be disappointed! Only good thing about this hotel was the bell man, he was amazing!

By
micki
, from wisconsin on
Nov 26, 2017







2



waist of money!!


Everyone



The hotel is in a good area but that's all it has. The rooms are small. The hotel has 3 small building if you end up in the max build your going to have to walk thru a restaurant to go to your room and if you want to go to the roof top pool you have to come out of the build and go to the next build to go to the pool. The pool in the max build is horrible!! The staff does not answer the phone. If you need ice you have to ask the staff they do not have an ice machine. Don't waist your money!!! They have a restaurant that's open 24hrs so you don't get any rest in this hotel at all it's always loud!!

By
monch
, from new jersey on
Nov 20, 2017







1



horrible.


Everyone



I would not recommend this hotel. I got my diamond ring stolen by houswkeeper. The hotel did nothing about it and tried to make me feel like it was my fault. Unprofessional and just plain rediculous.

By
kristina
, from michigan  on
Nov 4, 2017







4



location was great as well as staff


Everyone



They need to work on the shower and some of the bathrooms

By
AA
, from cozumel on
Aug 20, 2017







1



nice location but !!!


Everyone



Nice location right on 17th  Collins ave. The problem with this hotel is that its three buildings  side by side . I honestly thought when i purchase my package i was going to be roomed in the Catalina hotel. Unfortunately i wasn't room in that building. I was roomed in the beach club the building to the left of the Catalina. In my package it stated  free shuttle bus round trip. My biggest suggest to Orbitz and to any hotel/Resort is to please state where and what shuttle company customers need to be looking for. I was in the airport confused looking for the shuttle i gave up and hired a taxi, so i wasted money because of the lack of detail in the itinerary. The room i stayed at was directly across  the elevators which was noisy. Great job Catalina staff members for putting me in a crappy room. The room was really tiny and the funny part it stated ( living large). The materials in the room seem to be outdated. I received  toiletries on my second day by the cleaning room staff members ,why wasn't it already there? The main entrances of the building is a big issue. The reason is that they have a restaurant where u have to pass by with your luggages while people are eating (disgusting). Catalina/beach needs to be more organize.

By
chris
, from maryland on
Jul 28, 2017







5



very nice hotel but my hotel key wasn't working


Everyone



Nice place some things can be improved but so for all hotels. Nice size rooms that was cleaned daily very nice location near beach and shopping. For the price I had an awesome stay lived it the only the only thing my room key wasn't working in the door a lot. I had to tango with the door and key to gAin access.

By
great person
, from new york on
Jul 19, 2017








Review comment

Laura, General Manager
responded on
Jul 29, 2017


Thank you so much for the feedback. We apologize for the trouble with the door lock. Please let us know when you are coming back we want to ensure your next stay is a great one!







3



nice hotel, close to the beach and ocean drive .


Everyone



I enjoyed my stay. Hotel staff was amicable and attentive. I enjoyed a great dinner and breakfast at the hotel's sister hotels. Hotel's location is within walking proximity to beach and Ocean Drive. Complimentary shuttle service is a great perk!

By
ralph
, from California on
Jul 16, 2017







2



stayed here for 4 days


Everyone



This was my 4th stay in Catalina. I can compare it to my last 3 stays. While most of the staff were accommodating. There were a lot of things that changed. First, the beach chair vouchers are no longer provided. I asked for a towel and voucher at front desk and the lady at the desk told me they discontinued it because "customers were complaining about it"(why would people complain for something we pay for in resort fee and convenience), then proceeded to hand me 2 foldable chairs to carry and walk with, to the beach 2 blocks away. She did not mention that there were discounts for $5 for a chair rental at the beach so I had to pay $40 for 2 chairs. Second, the manager "David" was utterly rude during happy hour. Making people line up during "free happy hour" behind the runners/service area, it shouldn't be blocked. Shouldn't happy hour be "happy" and social time? Not stressful. Sorry but I'd rather pay for $13 drink, not desperate. Third, I never had to pay to use the rooftop pool cabana/rest area and a bartender tried to tell me that I had to reserve and pay for it. I was never told that in the last 3 stays. What do we really get for the resort fees except for free towels? Internet didn't work, lost power X1 day. The only exceptional staff I've met was "Mike" the bartender and the guy that checked us in.  While I've enjoyed my 3 of 4 stays in Catalina for its excellent location and nice rooms, I'm sad to say that I will be looking somewhere else for my next trip to Miam

By
Tee
on
Jul 13, 2017







2



u get what you pay for


Everyone



Only pro is that it's conveniently located near beach, food and shopping.. cons: room is tiny, no door on shower but strangely it works without water splashing everywhere, low beds, uncomfortable, itchy covers (may be the detergent or low thread count on sheets), towels are rough, elevator tiny, pool the size of a motel 6 pool and water was cloudy like it was contaminated.. I'm still itching

By
Taco
, from Los Angeles, CA on
Jul 4, 2017








Review comment

Laura, General Manager
responded on
Jul 29, 2017


Thank you for taking the time to share your opinion about our hotel. We greatly appreciate the feedback as we work hard daily to ensure our guests are having a great stay!







4




Everyone



Very nice hotel. Friendly staff. Close to beach. Shuttle driver was friendly until he dropped me off at airport. He asked for a tip 3 times. Told him i had bo cash. He was livid abd refused to get my bags out of shuttle. Then he pulled off aggressively. Ride was very bumpy. Kept running off road

By
Antionette
, from nc on
Jul 3, 2017








Review comment

Laura, General Manager
responded on
Jul 29, 2017


Thank you Antionette for the feedback. We are happy to learn that you had a great experience at the hotel. In regards to the shuttle driver we will be sure to share your comments with the Transportation Manager for SBG.














































































































Show more reviews
























Hotel Amenities





Property Details




Built in 1916



Entire property renovated in November 2017



Art Deco architecture



Smoke-free property



190 rooms in 3 buildings



3 stories with elevator access




Hotel Services




Concierge and tour/ticket information



Bellhop and luggage storage



Business center and meeting rooms



Dry cleaning/laundry services



ATM



Multilingual staff



Elevator



Rooftop deck



Library




Rooms



Minibar

Private bath with shower

Hair dryer, bathrobes, and designer toiletries

Tempur-Pedic beds with Egyptian cotton linens and hypo-allergenic bedding

Plasma TV with cable service

IPod dock

Phone with free local calls

In-room safe

Daily housekeeping

Air conditioning

Room service (limited hours)



Internet




Public areas: Free WiFi



Guestrooms: Free WiFi





Drinking + Dining


2 restaurants and 1 coffee shop/café

3 bars/lounges and 1 pool bar

Breakfast, brunch, lunch, and dinner available

American cuisine and Asian cuisine served

Alfresco dining available

Happy hour and room service offered


Drinking + Dining Details

Maxine's Bistro & Bar
- Restaurant and bar specializing in American cuisine. Open daily for breakfast, brunch, lunch, and dinner. Alfresco dining available (weather permitting). Kid's menu available. Open 24 hours.

Fung Ku
- Lobby lounge specializing in Asian cuisine. Open daily for dinner. Alfresco dining available (weather permitting).



Having Fun

The hotel has 2 outdoor swimming pools.

Pools



2 outdoor swimming pools



Poolside sun loungers





Fitness



Fitness facilities nearby (discounted access)




Accessibility


If you have requests for specific accessibility needs, please note them at check-out when you book your room.



Accessible bathroom



Roll-in shower



In-room accessibility










Hotel Area






Miami

Airport



The nearest major airports are:



Miami, FL (MPB-Public Seaplane Base): 12-min drive, 5 mi/8 km



Miami, FL (MIA-Miami Intl.): 20-min drive, 11.7 mi/18.9 km



Fort Lauderdale, FL (FLL-Fort Lauderdale - Hollywood Intl.): 37-min drive, 28.1 mi/45.2 km



Fort Lauderdale, FL (FXE-Fort Lauderdale Executive): 47-min drive, 35.8 mi/57.6 km



The preferred airport is Miami, FL (MIA-Miami Intl.).





Train Stations





Hialeah Market Station: 17-min drive, 10.4 mi/16.8 km



Miami Airport Station: 18-min drive, 10.3 mi/16.6 km



Miami Golden Glades Station: 23-min drive, 15.6 mi/25.1 km



Miami Station: 23-min drive, 12.3 mi/19.8 km



Miami Opa-locka Station: 29-min drive, 15.8 mi/25.5 km





Nearby Places of Interest





Miami Beach Convention Center: 7-min walk, 0.3 mi/0.6 km



New World Center: 7-min walk, 0.4 mi/0.6 km



Miami City Ballet: 8-min walk, 0.4 mi/0.6 km



Bass Museum of Art: 8-min walk, 0.4 mi/0.7 km



Miami Beach City Hall: 9-min walk, 0.4 mi/0.7 km



Lincoln Road Mall: 12-min walk, 0.6 mi/0.9 km



Holocaust Memorial: 14-min walk, 0.7 mi/1.1 km



Miami Beach Botanical Garden: 3-min drive, 0.8 mi/1.3 km



Miami Beach Cinematheque: 3-min drive, 0.8 mi/1.3 km



Colony Theater: 3-min drive, 0.7 mi/1.2 km



Art Deco Welcome Center: 4-min drive, 1 mi/1.5 km



Miami Beach Golf Club: 5-min drive, 1.5 mi/2.4 km



Flamingo Park: 5-min drive, 1.2 mi/1.9 km



South Pointe Park: 7-min drive, 2.1 mi/3.3 km



Miami Beach Marina: 8-min drive, 2 mi/3.1 km



Lummus Park Beach: 8-min drive, 1 mi/1.6 km





Offsite Activities





Ecotours



Skydiving



Parasailing



Windsurfing



Water skiing



Scuba diving



Snorkeling



Surfing/boogie boarding



Sailing



Kayaking



Boat tours



Scooter rentals



Segway rentals



Bicycle rentals



Hiking trails



Golf lessons






Location Highlights





On the Strip



In the entertainment district



By the ocean



Near the beach



Near the boardwalk












Hotel Policies






Arrivals + Departures


The front desk is open 24 hours a day. For convenient arrivals and departures, you can take advantage of the free airport shuttle (available during limited hours). Driving? This property offers valet parking (fees apply).


Check-in: 3 PM

Check-out: 11 AM

Minimum check-in age: 18



Special Check-in Details



Guests must make arrangements for check-in by contacting the property at least 24 hours prior to arrival using the information on the booking confirmation.

Airport transportation is available at scheduled times during limited hours. Guests can contact the property in advance for details.



Pets



This property welcomes pets for free

Dogs only

Up to 1 per room (20 lb is the maximum pet weight)

Restrictions apply

For more information, guests can reach out to the property at the number on the booking confirmation



Things To Know



Details about charges, deposits, or other important information:
                                    
                                        Additional information about polices, regulations, and more:

Charges for extra guests may apply and vary depending on the property's policy.

A credit card for incidental charges and a government-issued photo ID are required at check-in.

Special requests are subject to availability at the time of check-in and can't be guaranteed. Certain requests may come with additional charges.

The credit card used at check-in for incidentals must be in the name of the primary guest who made the reservation.

The following credit cards are accepted: American Express, Diners Club, Discover, JCB International, MasterCard, and Visa.

A resort fee is included in the total price shown.

No cribs or infant beds are available.

No rollaway or extra beds are available.

Noise-free rooms can't be guaranteed.

Parking has height restrictions.








Gift cards are not accepted as payment for room reservations or deposits.

This property accepts credit cards only for all onsite purchases, including incidentals. For more details, please contact the office using the information on the reservation confirmation received after booking.




Mandatory Fees and Taxes



You'll be asked to pay these charges at the property:


Deposit: USD 100.00 per stay


The charges below are included in your overall room price:


Resort fee


The resort fee includes:


Pool access

Beach loungers

Beach towels

Airport shuttle

Internet access

Phone calls

In-room safe

Housekeeping


These are all of the charges provided to us by the property. However, charges can vary based on the room you book or length of stay.



Optional extras


These fees and deposits will be charged at check-in, check-out, or the time of service.


Breakfast fee: between USD 15 and USD 25 per person (approximately)

Valet parking fee: USD 40.00 + tax per night (in/out privileges)

Pet deposit: USD 100.00 per stay

A pet fee will be charged

An early check-in fee will be charged

A late check-out fee will be charged


This list may not be comprehensive. Fees and deposits might not include tax and are subject to change.


Hotel Names






Beach Club Catalina

Catalina Beach

Catalina Hotel Beach Club Miami Beach

Catalina Beach Club Hotel

Catalina Beach Hotel

Catalina Hotel

Catalina Hotel & Beach Club

Catalina Hotel & Club

Catalina Hotel Beach

Catalina Beach Club Miami Beach






Information missing or incorrect? Tell us!


Opens in a new window





See text reviews
















ADVERTISING SPONSORED LISTING

SPONSORED LISTINGS



















ADVERTISING SPONSORED LISTING

SPONSORED LISTINGS























ADVERTISING SPONSORED LISTING

SPONSORED LISTINGS






































ADVERTISING SPONSORED LISTING

SPONSORED LISTINGS





























Earn Orbucks on flights, hotels & more


Earn Orbucks

Get Mobile-Exclusive Deals

Book Flights & Hotels Anywhere

Track Flights & Itineraries





Send a download link to your mobile device




Send text





Oops!

Is it possible you've already downloaded our app?

Sorry, we are currently having problems connecting to our server. You can still download the app by clicking on the app-store buttons in our
app page
. Thank you!

We are having trouble processing your phone number. Try using this format: {{phoneNumberFormat}}. Thank you!

It looks like you just tried to enter a non-{{countryName}} phone number. Unfortunately, at this time we are only supporting {{countryName}} numbers. Please enter your number in the following format: {{phoneNumberFormat}}. Thank you!





Thank you! A text with the download link has been sent to your mobile device




Orbitz App Now Available On:







By providing your number, you agree to receive a one-time automated text message with a link to get the app. Our app offers promotions and booking services. No purchase necessary. Standard text message rates may apply.





Trip Planning






Top Destinations




California Vacations

Caribbean Vacations

Florida Vacations

Hawaii Vacations

Las Vegas Vacations

Mexico Vacations






Popular US Hotels




Millennium Biltmore Hotel

Disney's Port Orleans Resort - Riverside

Pacific Beach Hotel

Gran Porto Resort Playa del Carmen – All Inclusive

The Talbott Hotel






Top Las Vegas Hotels




Excalibur Hotel and Casino

Treasure Island-TI

Luxor Hotel and Casino

Golden Nugget Hotel and Casino

Circus Circus Hotel and Casino






Top California Hotels




Millennium Biltmore Hotel

The Standard, Downtown LA

Horton Grand Hotel

Days Inn San Diego Hotel Circle/near Seaworld

Hotel Nikko San Francisco

Parc 55 San Francisco - a Hilton Hotel






Top Florida Hotels




Disney's Port Orleans Resort – Riverside

Disney's Pop Century Resort

Seralago Hotel and Suites Maingate East

The Catalina Hotel and Beach Club

Universal's Loews Royal Pacific Resort






Top Hawaii Hotels




Pacific Beach Hotel

Royal Lahaina Resort

Kona Bay Hotel (Uncle Billy's Hawaiian)

Royal Kona Resort

Waikiki Resort Hotel

Turtle Bay Resort






Top Mexico Hotels




Fiesta Americana Condesa Cancun

Excellence Playa Mujeres Cancun

City Express Junior Juarez Consulado

Omni Cancun Hotel and Villas

RIU Santa Fe All Inclusive






Top Chicago Hotels




Congress Plaza Hotel at Grant Park

Inn of Chicago, an Ascend College

The Godfrey Hotel Chicago

The Palmer House Hilton

Fairmont Chicago, Millennium Park






Top Hotel Destinations




Anaheim hotels

Atlanta hotels

Atlantic City hotels

Austin hotels

Boston hotels

Cabo San Lucas hotels

Cancun hotels

Chicago hotels

Denver hotels

Ft. Lauderdale hotels

Hong Kong hotels

Honolulu hotels

Houston hotels

Key West hotels

Las Vegas hotels

London hotels

Los Angeles hotels

Los Cabos hotels

Miami Beach hotels

Miami hotels

Montego Bay hotels

Nashville hotels

New Orleans hotels

New York hotels

Orlando hotels

Paris hotels

Playa del Carmen hotels

Providenciales hotels

Punta Cana hotels

Riviera Maya hotels

San Antonio hotels

San Diego hotels

San Francisco hotels

Seattle hotels

Washington DC hotels






Top Flight Destinations




Flights to Atlanta

Flights to Bangkok

Flights to Boston

Flights to Chicago

Flights to Dallas

Flights to Denver

Flights to Detroit

Flights to Fort Lauderdale

Flights to Honolulu

Flights to Houston

Flights to Las Vegas

Flights to London

Flights to Los Angeles

Flights to Manila

Flights to Miami

Flights to Minneapolis

Flights to New York

Flights to Newark

Flights to Orlando

Flights to Philadelphia

Flights to Phoenix

Flights to Portland

Flights to San Diego

Flights to San Francisco

Flights to Seattle

Flights to Seoul

Flights to Taipei

Flights to Tampa

Flights to Washington





&ast;Savings based on all holiday package bookings with Flight + Hotel on Orbitz.com from July 1, 2015 to June 30, 2016, as compared to the price of the same components booked separately. Savings will vary based on origin/destination, length of trip, stay dates and selected travel supplier(s). Savings not available on all packages. For Free Flight or 100% Off Flight deals, package savings is greater than or equal to the current cost of one component, when both are priced separately.











Explore More





Orbitz





About Orbitz



Investor Relations



Jobs



Media Room



Advertising



Become an Affiliate



Add a Hotel



Add an Activity



Orbitz for Business



Orbitz for Agents



Terms of Use



Privacy Policy







Orbitz Rewards





Orbitz Rewards



VIP Hotels



Visa Card



Benefits



Promotions







Other Links





Vacation Packages



Car Rental



Cruise



Travel blog



Customer Support



Price Guarantee



Travel Deals



Mobile



Vacations by Interest










© 2017 Orbitz, LLC.  All rights reserved.  Orbitz, Orbitz.com, and the Orbitz logo are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Orbitz, LLC in the U.S. and/or other countries. Other logos or product and company names mentioned herein may be the property of their respective owners.



























