






Orbitz Terms of Use


Orbitz, Inc. Website Terms | Orbitz.com




































Skip to main content



Cobranded header here


Welcome to Orbitz.com
Continue to the U.S. site at Orbitz.com

close





Booking travel on behalf of


Done












Join Rewards





//a.travel-assets.com/globalcontrols-service/content/afd9b15d6e9faeac5721eeb0c7393bc624314509








Search anything









Search




















Show Menu

Hide Menu









Saved Hotels





Show Account Icon Menu
































Join Rewards



































































Shop Travel





Home



Hotels



Flights



Packages



Cars



Vacation Rentals



Cruises



Cruises



Deals



Activities



Discover



Mobile



Rewards






















1











All caught up!
No new notifications right now.
















Account







Sign in to see exclusive Member Pricing.






Sign In






New?
Create an Account










Hello,

's Account







My Account



Sign Out



Not
?



Not
?
Log in to your account



















Things you view while shopping are saved here.














My Trips






Support







Customer Support



Feedback






Español









//a.travel-assets.com/globalcontrols-service/content/afd9b15d6e9faeac5721eeb0c7393bc624314509








Search anything









Search








For customer service, call us toll-free at 1-800-397-3342. For customers outside the US, please call 1-404-728-8787. International calling rates will apply.









Home




Hotels




Flights




Packages




Cars




Vacation Rentals




Cruises




Cruises




Deals




Activities




Discover




Mobile




Rewards




More





Mobile


















Beginning of main content






Create your free account







Create your free account










Sign Up with Facebook





OR









We apologize for our system failure. Please try again


Account already exists


Authentication failure. Please try again







Action required!

To finish creating your account, please click the link we just sent to







First name







Last name









Email address










Create a password

















Earn free travel rewards with
Orbitz Rewards
. By joining  Orbitz Rewards, I accept all
Terms and Conditions
.









Sign Up






By creating an account, I agree to the
Terms of Use
and the
Privacy Policy
.






Already have an account?




Sign In












Sign in to your account







Sign in to your account










Sign In with Facebook





OR









We apologize for our system failure. Please try again


You may have entered an unknown email address or an incorrect password


Authentication failure. Please try again






Email address










Password
















Keep me signed in




Forgot password?







Sign In






Need an account?




Sign Up























Orbitz Terms of Use


Effective 5/12/2016

Welcome to Orbitz! Please read these Terms and Conditions of
Use ("Terms") carefully before using or obtaining any content,
products, or services through our Websites (defined below), mobile applications
or other online products and services, as they contain important information
about limitations of liability and resolution of disputes through arbitration
rather than in court. Access to and use of the Services (defined below) is
subject to acceptance of these Terms. You should also read our Privacy Policy,
which also governs your use of the Services, and is incorporated by reference into this Agreement. By accessing, using or obtaining
any content, products, or services through the Services, you agree to be bound
by these Terms. If you do not accept all of these Terms, then please do not use
the Services.

We may modify, revise or update these Terms and/or the
Privacy Policy, at any time, by updating this posting. You should visit this
page from time to time to review the then-current Terms, because they are
binding on you. Your continued use of our Services, following the posting of
conspicuous notice of any modification, will be subject to the Terms in effect
at the time of your use. Certain provisions of these Terms may be superseded by
expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular areas of the
Services.

These Terms supersede any prior Orbitz Terms and Conditions
relating to the use of the Services that were displayed on the Services before
the date stated above. Unless specifically provided, they do not supersede any
additional Supplier terms for carriage, awards, or attractions provided
elsewhere on the Services.

1.
Definitions

2.
Use of the Services

3.
Disputes

4.
Privacy

5.
Prohibited Activities

6.
Supplier Rules and Restrictions

7.
Sort Order

8.
Orbitz Bargain Fares

9.
Prepaid Hotels

10.
Pay Now or Pay Later Details

11.
International Travel

12.
Bank and Credit Card Fees

13.
Limitation of Liability

14.
Indemnification

15.
Links To Third Party Sites

16.
Software Available on the Site

17.
Currency Converter

18.
Reviews, Comments, Photos and Other Submissions

19.
Copyright, Trademark, and Patent Notices

20.
Account Termination

21.
Notice of Infringing Material

22.
Counter Notices

23.
General

24.
Registrations

25.
Contact Information



1. DEFINITIONS

In this document, terms that commence with a capital letter
are defined in this section, in the preamble, or elsewhere in these Terms.

"Book" means to reserve.

"Corporate Affiliate" means all entities that Orbitz Worldwide, LLC controls, is controlled by or is under common control with.

"Content" means the text, documents, information,
data, articles, images, photographs, graphics, software, applications, video
recordings, audio recordings, sounds, designs, features, and other materials
that are available on the Services, including Marks.

"Exclusive" offers are exclusive to Orbitz and its
affiliated companies.

"Mark" means trademark, trade name, service mark,
trade dress, logo, custom graphics, or icon.

"Member" means an individual who has registered
with the Services. Members choose a Member ID and a password.

"Member ID" means the e-mail address you use (with
your password) to login to our Services.

"Orbitz" or "we" means Orbitz Worldwide, LLC,
and its subsidiaries and Corporate Affiliates, including Travelscape, LLC.

"Services" means the Web sites, mobile
applications, call center agents, and other products and services provided by
Orbitz, including any Content.

"Supplier" means Orbitz's licensors, suppliers, information
providers, and travel and leisure service providers.

"Travel Services" means the airline travel, hotel
accommodation, car rental, ground transportation, tours, theater tickets,
attractions, travel insurance, and other items available through the Services.

"Website" means
www.orbitz.com
, the mobile website and any mobile application.

The terms "Services," "Marks,"
"Content," and "Travel Services" do not include the sites,
applications, marks, content, products or services that are provided by third
parties, and that are available through a link from the Services. Their use is
subject to the terms set forth by their respective owners or operations.

return to top

2. USE OF THE SERVICES

As a condition of your use of the Services, you warrant
that:

1. you are at least 18 years of age;

2. you possess the legal authority to create a binding legal
obligation;

3. you will use the Services in accordance with these Terms;

4. you will only use the Services to make legitimate
reservations for you or for another person for whom you are legally authorized
to act;

5. you will inform such other persons about the Terms that
apply to the reservations you have made on their behalf, including all rules
and restrictions applicable thereto;

6. all information supplied by you to the Services is true,
accurate, current and complete; and

7. if you have an orbitz.com account, you will safeguard
your account information and will supervise and be completely responsible for
any use of your account by you and anyone other than you.

We retain the right at our sole discretion to deny access to
anyone to the Services we offer, at any time and for any reason, including, but
not limited to, for violation of these Terms.

return to top

3. DISPUTES

Orbitz is committed to customer satisfaction, so if you have
a problem or dispute, we will try to resolve your concerns. But if we are
unsuccessful, you may pursue claims as explained in this section.

You agree to give us
an opportunity to resolve any disputes or claims relating in any way to the
Services, any dealings with our customer service agents, any services or
products provided, any representations made by us, or our Privacy Policy
("Claims") by contacting "Orbitz Legal: Arbitration Claim Manager", at 333 108th
Ave N.E. Bellevue, WA 98004. If we are not able to resolve your Claims within
60 days, you may seek relief through arbitration or in small claims court, as
set forth below.

Any and all Claims will be resolved by binding arbitration,
rather than in court
, except you may assert Claims on an individual basis in
small claims court if they qualify. This includes any Claims you assert against
us, our subsidiaries, travel suppliers or any companies offering products or
services through us, including Suppliers, (which are beneficiaries of this
arbitration agreement). This also includes any Claims that arose before you
accepted these Terms, regardless of whether prior versions of the Terms
required arbitration.

There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review
of an arbitration award is limited. However, an arbitrator can award on an
individual basis the same damages and relief as a court (including statutory
damages, attorneys’ fees and costs), and must follow and enforce these Terms as
a court would.

Arbitrations will be
conducted by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) under its rules,
including the AAA Consumer Rules. Payment of all filing, administration and
arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA's rules, except as provided in this
section. If your total Claims seek less than $10,000, we will reimburse you for
filing fees you pay to the AAA and will pay arbitrator’s fees. You may choose to have an
arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions, or in person
in the state where you live or at another mutually agreed location.

To begin an
arbitration proceeding, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and
describing your Claims to "Orbitz Legal: Arbitration Claim Manager", at 333
108th Ave N.E. Bellevue, WA 98004. If we request arbitration against you, we
will give you notice at the email address or street address you have provided.
The AAA's rules and filing instructions are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879.

Any and all proceedings to resolve Claims will be conducted
only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated or representative
action.
If for any reason a Claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration,
we each waive any right to a jury trial
. The Federal Arbitration Act and
federal arbitration law apply to this agreement. An arbitration decision may be
confirmed by any court with competent jurisdiction.

return to top

4. PRIVACY POLICY

Orbitz believes in protecting your privacy. Please click
here
for our current Privacy Policy which also governs your use of this
Website. It contains information about
how Orbitz collects, uses and discloses information through the Services.

return to top

5. PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES

The content and information on this Website (including, but
not limited to, price and availability of travel services) as well as the infrastructure
used to provide such content and information, is proprietary to us or our
suppliers and providers. While you may make limited copies of your travel
itinerary (and related documents) for travel or service reservations booked
through this Website, you agree not to otherwise modify, copy, distribute,
transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative
works from, transfer, or sell or re-sell any information, software, products,
or services obtained from or through this Website. Additionally, you agree not
to:

1. use this Website or its contents for any commercial
purpose;

2. make any speculative, false, or fraudulent reservation or
any reservation in anticipation of demand;

3. access, monitor or copy any content or information of
this Website using any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means or any
manual process for any purpose without our express written permission;

4. violate the restrictions in any robot exclusion headers
on this Website or bypass or circumvent other measures employed to prevent or
limit access to this Website;

5. take any action that imposes, or may impose, in our
discretion, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our
infrastructure;

6. deep-link to any portion of this Website (including,
without limitation, the purchase path for any travel services) for any purpose
without our express written permission; or

7. "frame", "mirror" or otherwise
incorporate any part of this Website into any other website without our prior
written authorization.

If your booking or account shows signs of fraud, abuse or
suspicious activity, Orbitz may cancel any travel or service reservations
associated with your name, email address or account, and close any associated Orbitz
accounts. If you have conducted any fraudulent activity, Orbitz reserves the
right to take any necessary legal action and you may be liable for monetary
losses to Orbitz, including litigation costs and damages. To contest the
cancellation of a booking or freezing or closure of an account, please contact Orbitz
Customer Service.

return to top

6. SUPPLIER RULES AND RESTRICTIONS

Additional terms and conditions will apply to your
reservation and purchase of travel—related goods and services that you
select. Please read these additional
terms and conditions carefully. In particular, if you have purchased an
airfare, please ensure you read the full terms and conditions of carriage
issued by the Supplier, which can be found on the Supplier’s website. You agree
to abide by the terms and conditions of purchase imposed by any supplier with
whom you elect to deal, including, but not limited to, payment of all amounts
when due and compliance with the supplier's rules and restrictions regarding
availability and use of fares, products, or services. Airfare is only
guaranteed once the purchase has been completed and the tickets have been
issued. Airlines and other travel suppliers may change their prices without
notice. We reserve the right to cancel your booking if full payment is not
received in a timely fashion.

The circumvention of an air carrier's rules, including
practices such as back-to-back ticketing (booking two or more tickets with
overlapping travel dates in order to circumvent minimum stay requirements) and
hidden-city ticketing (booking tickets including segments which the booker does
not intend to use in order to circumvent an air carrier's pricing structure),
is prohibited by many air carriers. The use of prohibited ticketing practices
may result in the air carrier taking actions including the cancellation of the
ticket, denied boarding, revocation of frequent flier miles and other benefits,
additional charges to the booker's credit card, additional charges collected at
the airport, or future invoicing.

Orbitz may offer you
the opportunity to book a reservation for a combination of two one—way tickets
instead of a roundtrip ticket. Combined one-way tickets may provide a greater
choice of flights, are often cheaper and can be combined on the same airline or
on different airlines. Unlike roundtrip tickets, each one-way ticket is subject
to its own rules, restrictions, and fees. If one of these flights is affected
by an airline change (e.g. cancellation or rescheduling) that causes you to
make changes to the other flight, you will be responsible for any fees incurred
for making changes to the unaffected flight.

Prices and fees for some low-cost flights originating
overseas, or additional baggage fees for certain airlines, may be in another
currency (e.g. EUR), for which we will
provide an estimate in the default currency of this Website, or selected
preferred currency (if applicable). As a result, when you book, the amount
charged to your credit card by the airline may be slightly different due to
currency fluctuations. Your statement may also include an applicable fee from
your card issuer to process the transaction plus any applicable taxes for
international purchases.

Federal law forbids the carriage of hazardous materials
aboard aircraft in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in
five years' imprisonment and penalties of $250,000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124).
Hazardous materials include explosives, compressed gases, flammable liquids and
solids, oxidizers, poisons, corrosives and radioactive materials. Examples:
Paints, lighter fluid, fireworks, tear gases, oxygen bottles, and
radio-pharmaceuticals. There are special exceptions for small quantities (up to
70 ounces total) of medicinal and toilet articles carried in your luggage and
certain smoking materials carried on your person.

You acknowledge that
some third-party providers offering certain services and/or activities may
require you to sign their liability waiver prior to participating in the
service and/or activity they offer. You understand that any violation of any such
supplier's rules and restrictions may result in cancellation of your
reservation(s), in your being denied access to the applicable travel product or
services, in your forfeiting any monies paid for such reservation(s), and/or in
our debiting your account for any costs we incur as a result of such violation.

Orbitz is not liable
for any costs incurred due to hotel relocation.

return to top

7. SORT ORDER

As travelers shopping on our site, you have many options to help you find the perfect hotel, flight, car rental, cruise or activity.  The “sort” settings allow you to order search results to your preference, whether based on price, verified review score, or other criteria.  The “filter” settings also allow you to include or exclude various options to suit their travel needs.  If no options are selected, we will show a range of relevant options in the search results, based on the criteria outlined below:


Lodging:  Our default sort order reflects the relevance of properties to your search criteria, as we want to make sure you are able to quickly and easily find the offer that is right for you.  We measure relevance by taking into account factors like a property’s location, its review scores, the popularity of the property (measured by how many travelers on our sites make bookings at that property), the quality of the content provided by the property, and the competitiveness of the property’s rates and availability, all relative to other properties meeting your chosen search criteria. The compensation which a property pays us for bookings made through our sites is also a factor for the relative ranking of properties with similar offers, based on the relevance factors described above.  On our non-default sorts (for example, if you sort by price or by star rating), we will order properties with similar results based on the factors above.

Flights:  Our default sort order is based on lowest price.  In cases where two flights have the same price, the shorter flight is listed first.

Car Rental:  Our default sort order is primarily driven by price, but we may consider other relevant factors such as popularity, customer reviews, convenience of pickup location, and car type or category.

Cruise:  Our default sort order is based on a number of relevant factors such as cruise line rating, ship rating, price per day, origin rating, destination rating, length of cruise, and booking window.

Activities:  Our default sort order is manually curated by Expedia’s destination managers familiar with each market, taking into account such factors as price, popularity, distance from hotel options, and traveler feedback.

Vacation Packages:  When combining several different travel products into a vacation package, we use the criteria outlined above to determine the sort order for each product.


Additionally, we continually optimize our service to provide you with the best experience.  Accordingly, we may test different default sort order algorithms from time to time.

8. ORBITZ BARGAIN FARES

When available, Orbitz may offer additional, discounted
airfare ticket options on the Website. These airfares, called Orbitz Bargain
Fares, are different from other airfares offered on the Website in several
important ways. We negotiate these special fares directly with the airline. The
name of the airline carrier is not shown until after payment has been made for
the ticket. Generally, these tickets are subject to certain limitations,
including no upgrades, no eligibility to fly standby on other flights, and no
opportunity to earn frequent flyer miles. All Orbitz Bargain Fares tickets are
final and cannot be changed, refunded, exchanged, cancelled, or transferred to
another party. Your credit card will be charged for the amount shown even if
you do not use the ticket. Orbitz Bargain Fares are not eligible for Orbucks
rewards.

return to top

9. PREPAID HOTEL RESERVATIONS

You acknowledge that Orbitz pre-negotiate certain room
rates with hotel suppliers to facilitate the booking of reservations. You also
acknowledge that Orbitz provides you Services to facilitate such booking of
reservations for a consideration (the "facilitation fee"). The room
rate displayed on the Website is a combination of the pre-negotiated room rate
for rooms reserved on your behalf by Orbitz and the facilitation fee retained
by Orbitz for our Services. For some prepaid hotel reservations, a Corporate
Affiliate of Orbitz,
such as Travelscape, may be the facilitator of your room reservation and also
the merchant of record for your prepaid hotel reservation.
You authorize Orbitz to facilitate reservations
for the total reservation price, which includes the room rate displayed on the
Website, plus any tax recovery charges, service fees, and where applicable,
taxes on Orbitz's Services. You agree that your credit card will be charged by
Orbitz for the total reservation price. Upon submitting your reservation
request you authorize Orbitz to facilitate hotel reservations on your behalf,
including making payment arrangements with hotel suppliers.

You acknowledge that except as provided below with respect
to tax obligations on the amounts we retain for our Services, Orbitz does not
collect taxes for remittance to applicable taxing authorities. The tax recovery
charges on prepaid hotel transactions are a recovery of the estimated taxes
(e.g. sales and use, occupancy, room tax, excise tax, value added tax, etc.)
that Orbitz pays to the hotel supplier for taxes due on the hotel's rental rate
for the room. The hotel suppliers invoice Orbitz for certain charges, including
tax amounts. The hotel suppliers are responsible for remitting applicable taxes
to the applicable taxing jurisdictions. Orbitz does not act as a co-vendor with
the Supplier with whom we book or reserve our customer's travel arrangements.
Taxability and the appropriate tax rate vary greatly by location. The actual
tax amounts paid by Orbitz to the Suppliers may vary from the tax recovery
charge amounts, depending upon the rates, taxability, etc. in effect at the
time of the actual use of the hotel by our customers. We retain service fees as
additional compensation in servicing your travel reservation. Service fees
retained by Orbitz for our Services vary based on the amount and type of hotel
reservation.

You may cancel or change your prepaid hotel reservation, but
you will be charged the cancellation or change fee indicated in the rules and
restrictions for the hotel reservation. If you do not cancel or change your
reservation before the cancellation policy period applicable to the hotel you
reserved, which varies by hotel (usually 24 to 72 hours) prior to your date of
arrival, you will be subject to a charge equal to applicable nightly rates, tax
recovery charges and service fees. In the event you do not show for the first
night of the reservation and plan to check-in for subsequent nights in your
reservation, you must confirm the reservation changes with us no later than the
date of the first night of the reservation to prevent cancellation of your
reservation.

You agree to pay any cancellation or change fees that you
incur. In limited cases, some hotels do not permit changes to or cancellations
of reservations after they are made, as indicated in the rules and restrictions
for the hotel reservation. You agree to abide by the Terms imposed with respect
to your prepaid hotel reservations.

Sales, use and/or local hotel occupancy taxes are imposed on
the amounts that we charge for our Services (service fee and/or facilitation
fee) in certain jurisdictions. The actual tax amounts on our Services may vary
depending on the rates in effect at the time of your hotel stay.

You may not book reservations for more than 8 rooms online
for the same hotel/stay dates. If we determine that you have booked
reservations for more than 8 rooms in total in separate reservations, we may
cancel your reservations, and charge you a cancellation fee, if applicable. If
you paid a non-refundable deposit, your deposit will be forfeited. If you wish
to book reservations for 9 or more rooms, you must contact Orbitz's group
travel specialists by phone at (800) 916-3290 or by filling out the group
travel form online. One of our group travel specialists will research your
request and contact you to complete your reservation. You may be asked to sign
a written contract and/or pay a nonrefundable deposit.

Some Suppliers may require you to present a credit card or
cash deposit upon check-in to cover additional expenses incurred during your
stay. Such deposit is unrelated to any payment received by Orbitz for your
hotel booking.

return to top

10. PAY NOW OR PAY LATER DETAILS

With certain hotels, you may be presented with the option to
pay online now or pay later at the hotel. If you select the "Pay Online Now"
option, Orbitz will charge the amount to your credit card in US dollars
immediately. If you select "Pay Later at the Hotel", the hotel will charge your
credit card in the local currency at the time of your stay. Please note that
taxes and fees vary between the two payment options. Tax rates and foreign
exchange rates could change in the time between booking and stay. Orbitz
coupons may only be applied to "Pay Online Now" bookings.

return to top

11. INTERNATIONAL TRAVEL

You are responsible for ensuring that you meet foreign entry
requirements and that your travel documents, such as passports and visas
(transit, business, tourist, and otherwise), are in order and any other foreign
entry requirements are met. Orbitz has no special knowledge regarding foreign
entry requirements or travel documents. We urge customers to review travel
prohibitions, warnings, announcements, and advisories issued by the relevant
governments prior to booking travel to international destinations.

Passport and Visa: You must consult the relevant Embassy or
Consulate for this information. Requirements may change and you should check
for up-to-date information before booking and departure. We accept no liability
if you are refused entry onto a flight or into any country due to your failure
to carry the correct and adequate passport, visa, or other travel documents
required by any airline, authority, or country, including countries you may
just be transiting through. This includes all stops made by the aircraft, even
if you do not leave the aircraft or airport.

Health: Recommended inoculations for travel may change and
you should consult your doctor for current recommendations before you depart.
It is your responsibility to ensure that you meet all health entry
requirements, obtain the recommended inoculations, take all recommended
medication, and follow all medical advice in relation to your trip.

Disinsection: Although not common, most countries reserve
the right to disinsect aircraft if there is a perceived threat to public
health, agriculture or environment. The World Health Organization and the
International Civil Aviation Organization have approved the following
disinsection procedures: (1) spray the aircraft cabin with an aerosolized
insecticide while passengers are on board or (2) treat the aircraft's interior
surfaces with a residual insecticide while passengers are not on board. For
more information, see:
http://ostpxweb.dot.gov/policy/safetyenergyenv/disinsection.htm


BY OFFERING RESERVATIONS FOR TRAVEL PRODUCTS IN PARTICULAR
INTERNATIONAL DESTINATIONS, ORBITZ DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT TRAVEL TO
SUCH AREAS IS ADVISABLE OR WITHOUT RISK, AND IS NOT LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OR
LOSSES THAT MAY RESULT FROM TRAVEL TO SUCH DESTINATIONS.

return to top

12. BANK AND CREDIT CARD FEES

Some banks and credit card companies impose fees for
international transactions. If you are making a booking from outside of the
United States on a US credit card, your bank may convert the payment amount to
your local currency and charge you a conversion fee. This means the amount
listed on your credit or bank card statement may be in your local currency and
therefore a different figure than the figure shown on the billing summary page
for a reservation booked on the Website. In addition, a foreign transaction fee
may be assessed if the bank that issued your credit card is located outside of
the United States. Booking international travel may be considered to be an
international transaction by the bank or card company, since Orbitz may pass on
your payment to an international travel supplier. The currency exchange rate
and foreign transaction fee is determined solely by your bank on the day that
they process the transaction. If you have any questions about these fees or the
exchange rate applied to your booking, please contact your bank.

return to top

13. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

The Information, Software, Products and Services published
on this Website may include inaccuracies or errors, including pricing errors.
In particular, Orbitz does not guarantee the accuracy of, and disclaim all
liability for any errors or other inaccuracies relating to the information and
description of the hotel, air, cruise, car and other travel products and
services displayed on this Website (including, without limitation, the pricing,
photographs, list of hotel amenities, general product descriptions, etc.)

In addition, Orbitz expressly reserves the
right to correct any pricing errors on our Website and/or reservations
made under an incorrect price. In such event, if available, we will offer you
the opportunity to keep your reservation at the correct price or we
will cancel your reservation without penalty.

Hotel ratings displayed on this Website are intended as only
general guidelines, and Orbitz does not guarantee the accuracy of the ratings.
Orbitz and its Suppliers make no guarantees about the availability of specific
products and services. Orbitz and its Suppliers may make improvements and/or
changes on the Website at any time.

Orbitz and its Suppliers make no representations about the
suitability of the information, software, products and services contained on
this Website for any purpose, and the inclusion or offering of any products or
services on this Website does not constitute any endorsement or recommendation
of such products or services by Orbitz.

All such information, software products, and
services are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind. Orbitz and its Suppliers
disclaim all warranties and conditions that this Website, its servers or any
email sent from Orbitz and/or its respective suppliers are free of viruses or
other harmful components. Orbitz and its suppliers hereby disclaim all
warranties and conditions with regard to this information, software, products
and services, including all implied warranties and conditions of
merchantability, fitness for a particular response, title and non-infringement.

The carriers, hotels and other suppliers providing travel or
other services on this Website are independent contractors and not agents or
employees of Orbitz. Orbitz is not liable for the acts, errors, omissions,
representations, warranties, breaches or negligence of any such suppliers or
for any personal injuries, death, property damage, or other damages or expenses
resulting there from. Orbitz has no liability and will make no refund in the
event of any delay, cancellation, overbooking, strike, force majeure or other
causes beyond their direct control, and they have no responsibility for any
additional expenses, omissions, delays, re-routing or acts of any government or
authority.

In no event shall Orbitz and/or its Suppliers be liable for
any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special or consequential damages
arising out of, or in any way connected with, your access to, display of or use
of the Services or with the delay or inability to access, display or use the
Services (including, but not limited to, your reliance upon opinions appearing in
these Services; any computer viruses, information, software, linked sites,
products and services obtaining through the Services; or otherwise arising out
of the access to, display of or use of the Services) whether based on a theory
of negligence, contract, tort, strict liability, consumer protection statutes,
or otherwise, and even if Orbitz and/or its Suppliers have been advised of the
possibility of such damages.

If, despite the limitation above, Orbitz or its Suppliers
are found liable for any loss or damage which arises out of or in any way
connected with any of the occurrences described above, then the liability of
Orbitz and its respective suppliers will in no event exceed, in the aggregate,
the greater of (a) the service fees you paid to Orbitz in connection with such
transaction(s) on this Website, or (b) One-Hundred Dollars (US$100.00) or the
equivalent in local currency.

The limitation of liability reflects the allocation of risk
between the parties. The limitations specified in this section will survive and
apply even if any limited remedy specified in these Terms is found to have
failed of its essential purpose. The limitations of liability provided in these
Terms inure to the benefit of Orbitz and/or its respective suppliers.

return to top

14. INDEMNIFICATION

You agree to defend and indemnify Orbitz and/or its respective
suppliers and any of their officers, directors, employees and agents from and
against any claims, causes of action, demands, recoveries, losses, damages,
fines, penalties or other costs or expenses of any kind or nature including but
not limited to reasonable legal and accounting fees, brought by third parties
as a result of:

1. your breach of these Terms or the documents referenced
herein;

2. your violation of any law or the rights of a third party; or

3. your use of the Services.

return to top

15. LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY SITES

This Website may contain hyperlinks to websites operated by
parties other than Orbitz. Such hyperlinks are provided for your reference
only. We do not control such websites and are not responsible for their
contents or the privacy or other practices of such websites. Further, it is up
to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever links you select or software
you download (whether from this Website or other websites) is free of such
items as viruses, worms, trojan horses, defects and other items of a
destructive nature. Our inclusion of hyperlinks to such websites does not imply
any endorsement of the material on such websites or any association with their
operators.

return to top

16. SOFTWARE AVAILABLE ON THIS WEBSITE

Any software that we make available to download from this
Website ("Software") or through your mobile application store,
including the Orbitz mobile application (the "Mobile Application") is
the copyrighted work of Orbitz and/or our respective suppliers. Your use of
such Software is governed by the terms of the end user license agreement, if
any, which accompanies, or is included with, the Software ("License
Agreement"). You may not install or use any Software that is accompanied by
or includes a License Agreement unless you first agree to the License Agreement
terms. For any Software made available for download on this Website not
accompanied by a License Agreement, we hereby grant to you, the user, a
limited, personal, non-exclusive, nontransferable license to download, install
and use the Software and/or the Mobile Application for viewing and otherwise
using this Website and/or accessing the content and information available
within the Mobile Application (including, without limitation, price and
availability of travel services) in accordance with these Terms and for no
other purpose.

Please note that all Software, including, without
limitation, all HTML code and Active X controls contained on this Website, is
owned by Orbitz and/or its Suppliers, and is protected by copyright laws and
international treaty provisions. Any reproduction or redistribution of the
Software is expressly prohibited, and may result in severe civil and criminal
penalties. Violators will be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible.

WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, COPYING OR REPRODUCTION OF
THE SOFTWARE TO ANY OTHER SERVER OR LOCATION FOR FURTHER REPRODUCTION OR
REDISTRIBUTION IS EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED. THE SOFTWARE IS WARRANTED, IF AT ALL,
ONLY ACCORDING TO THE TERMS OF THE LICENSE AGREEMENT.

Your mobile device must be connected to the internet for the
Mobile Application to function correctly. You are responsible for making all
arrangements necessary for your device to have internet connectivity and are
responsible for all sums your service provider may charge you arising out of
the Mobile Application transmitting and receiving data (including but not
limited to data roaming charges). As further described in our Privacy Policy,
the Mobile Application will automatically transfer a small amount of data as
part of its normal operation, including how you use the Mobile Application,
which Content you access, and technical errors or problems which the
Application may encounter while being used. By using the Mobile Application,
you acknowledge, agree and consent to the automatic collection of this
information.

return to top

17. CURRENCY CONVERTER

If a currency convertor is available on the Website, the
following terms and conditions apply: Currency rates are based on various
publicly available sources and should be used as guidelines only. Rates are not
verified as accurate, and actual rates may vary. Currency quotes are not
updated every day. Check the date on the currency converter feature for the day
that currency was last updated. The information supplied by this application is
believed to be accurate, but Orbitz and/or its Suppliers do not warrant or
guarantee such accuracy. When using this information for any financial purpose,
we advise you to consult a qualified professional to verify the accuracy of the
currency rates. We do not authorize the use of this information for any purpose
other than your personal use and you are expressly prohibited from the resale,
redistribution, and use of this information for commercial purposes.

return to top

18. REVIEWS, COMMENTS, PHOTOS AND OTHER SUBMISSIONS

We appreciate hearing from you. Please be aware that by
submitting content to this Website by electronic mail, postings on this Website
or otherwise, including any hotel reviews, photos, videos, questions, comments,
suggestions, ideas or the like contained in any submissions (collectively,
"Submissions"), you grant Orbitz and the affiliated, co-branded
and/or linked website partners through whom we provide service (collectively,
the "Orbitz Affiliates"), a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual,
transferable, irrevocable and fully sub-licensable right to (a) use, reproduce,
modify, adapt, translate, distribute, publish, create derivative works from and
publicly display and perform such Submissions throughout the world in any
media, now known or hereafter devised; and (b) use the name that you submit in
connection with such Submission. You acknowledge that Orbitz may choose to
provide attribution of your comments or reviews (for example, listing your name
and hometown on a hotel review that you submit) at our discretion, and that
such submissions may be shared with our supplier partners. You further grant
Orbitz the right to pursue at law any person or entity that violates your or
Orbitz' rights in the Submissions by a breach of these Terms. You acknowledge
and agree that Submissions are non-confidential and non-proprietary. You
expressly waive any and all ‘moral rights’ (including rights of attribution or
integrity) that may subsist in your Submissions and agree that you have no
objection to the publication, use, modification, deletion or exploitation of your
Submissions by us, the Orbitz Affiliates or any of our partners or licensees.
We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any Submissions posted or
submitted by you. We have no obligation to post your comments; we reserve the
right in our absolute discretion to determine which comments are published on
the Website. If you do not agree to these Terms, please do not provide us with
any Submissions.

You are fully responsible for the content of your
Submissions, (specifically including, but not limited to, reviews posted to
this Website). You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this
Website: (i) any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene,
pornographic, or other material or content that would violate rights of publicity
and/or privacy or that would violate any law; (ii) any commercial material or
content (including, but not limited to, solicitation of funds, advertising, or
marketing of any good or services); and (iii) any material or content that
infringes, misappropriates or violates any copyright, trademark, patent right
or other proprietary right of any third party. You shall be solely liable for
any damages resulting from any violation of the foregoing restrictions, or any
other harm resulting from your posting of content to this Website. You
acknowledge that Orbitz may exercise its rights (e.g. use, publish, delete) to
any content you submit without notice to you. If you submit more than one
review for the same hotel, only your most recent submission is eligible for
use.

From time to time we may offer customers incentives to leave
hotel reviews (e.g. discount coupon/entry into prize draws etc.)As it is
important to us that hotel reviews are impartial and honest, these incentives
will be available to customers regardless of whether the hotel review is
positive or negative.

All photos submitted are subject to our Photo Submission Guidelines available below:
https://www.orbitz.com/p/info-other/community-guidelines.htm


Orbitz claims no ownership, affiliation with, or endorsement
of any photos that are submitted by end users through our sites.

Orbitz’s policies with respect to claims by third parties
that the content of the Website, including the content of any Submissions,
infringes the copyrights owned by said third party can be found in the Claims
of Copyright Infringement section below.

The Google® Translate tool is made available on this Website
to enable you to translate content such as user-generated hotel reviews. The
Google® Translate tool uses an automated process to translate text and this may
result in inaccuracies. Your use of the Google® Translate tool is entirely at
your own risk. Orbitz does not warrant or make any promises, assurances or
guarantees as to the accuracy or completeness of the translations provided by
Google® Translate.

return to top

19. COPYRIGHT, TRADEMARK, AND PATENT NOTICES

ORBITZ and all other Marks that appear, are displayed, or
used on the Services are registered or common law trademarks or service marks
of Orbitz and its Suppliers. These Marks may not be copied, downloaded,
reproduced, used, modified, or distributed in any way without prior written
permission from Orbitz or the relevant Provider, except as an integral party of
any authorized copy of the Content. If you are aware of an infringement of our
brand, please let us know by faxing us at (425) 679-7251, Attn: IP/Trademark
Legal Dept.

Associated Press Copyright Notice

Associated Press ("AP") text, photo, graphic,
audio, and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for
broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium.
Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer
except for personal and non-commercial use. AP will not be held liable in any
way to the user of the Services or to any third party or to any other person
who may receive information in the Services or to any other person whatsoever,
for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission
or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of
the foregoing or occasioned thereby. Corporate, governmental, and institutional
users may use portions of the Service for internal printed communications and
memoranda.

iJET Travel Intelligence Copyright Notice

iJET content is the intellectual property of iJET Travel
Intelligence, Inc. Any copying, republication or redistribution of iJET
content, including by caching, framing or similar means, is expressly
prohibited without the prior written consent of iJET. iJET shall not be liable
for any errors or delays in content, or for any actions taken in reliance
thereon. iJET, the iJET Logo, Travel Intelligence, Worldcue and the Worldcue
Logo are registered trademarks of iJET Travel Intelligence, Inc. For additional
information on iJET and our Worldcue Services to protect and assist travelers,
please visit the iJET public Website
www.ijet.com
.

Patent Notices

One or more patents owned by Orbitz or one of its corporate
affiliates may apply to this Website and to the features and services
accessible via the Website. Portions of this Website operate under license of
one or more patents. Other patents pending.

return to top

20. ACCOUNT TERMINATION

In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act
("DMCA") and other applicable law, Orbitz has adopted a policy of
terminating, in appropriate circumstances and at Orbitz's sole discretion,
subscribers or account holders who are deemed to be repeat infringers. Orbitz
may also at its sole discretion limit access to the Website and/or terminate
the accounts of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of
others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement. If you believe that an
account holder or subscriber is a repeat infringer, please provide information
sufficient for us to verify that the account holder or subscriber is a repeat
infringer when filing your notice.

return to top

21. NOTICE OF INFRINGING MATERIAL

If you believe in good faith that materials hosted by us
infringe your copyright, you (or your agent) may send us a written notice that
includes the following information. Please note that we will not process your
complaint if it is not properly filled out or is incomplete. Any
misrepresentations in your notice regarding whether content or activity is
infringing may expose you to liability for damages.

1. A clear
identification of the copyrighted work you claim was infringed.

2. A clear
identification of the material you claim is infringing on the Website, such as
a link to the infringing material.

3. Your
address, email address and telephone number.

4. A
statement that you have a "good faith belief that the material that is
claimed as copyright infringement is not authorized by the copyright owner, its
agent, or the law."

5. A statement
that "the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty
of perjury, the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner
of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

6. A
signature by the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an
exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

You may send us your notice by email to Copyright@Orbitz.com,
by fax to (425) 679-7251, Attn: IP/Trademark Legal Dept., DMCA Complaints, or
by using the
contact information
below.

return to top

22. COUNTER NOTICES

If material you have posted has been taken down, you may
file a counter-notification by fax or regular mail that sets forth the items
specified below. You may want to seek legal counsel prior to doing so. Please
include the following details:

1. Identification
of the specific content that was removed or disabled and the location that
content appeared on Orbitz’s Website. Please provide the URL address if
possible.

2. Your
name, mailing address, telephone number and email address.

3. A
statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for
the judicial district in which your address is located, or if your address is
outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which Orbitz may be
found, and that you will accept service of process from the party who reported
your content, or that party’s agent.

4. The
following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that I have a
good faith belief that the content identified above was removed or disabled as
a result of a mistake or misidentification.”

Sign the paper.

Send the written communication to the following address:

Orbitz
Attn: IP/Trademark Legal Dept., DMCA Complaints
333 108th Avenue NE
Bellevue WA 98004

OR you may fax it to: (425) 679-7251, Attn: IP/Trademark
Legal Dept., DMCA Complaints.

return to top

23. GENERAL

Your use of mapping available on this Website is governed by
the Microsoft Terms of Use and Microsoft Privacy Statement and the Google Terms
of Use and Google Privacy Statement. Microsoft and Google reserve the right to
change their Terms of Use and Privacy Statements at any time, at their sole
discretion. Please click here for additional information:

http://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/default.mspx

http://www.microsoft.com/maps/assets/docs/terms.aspx

http://www.google.com/privacy/privacy-policy.html

http://www.google.com/enterprise/earthmaps/legal/us/maps_AUP.html

http://www.maps.google.com/help/legalnotices_maps.html

http://maps.google.com/help/terms_maps.html

These Terms are governed by the Federal Arbitration Act,
federal arbitration law, and for reservations made by U.S. residents, the laws
of the state in which your billing address is located, without regard to
principles of conflicts of laws. Use of the Services is unauthorized in any
jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these Terms, including,
without limitation, this paragraph.

You agree that no joint venture, partnership, or employment
relationship exists between you and Orbitz as a result of these Terms or use of
the Services.

Our performance is subject to existing laws and legal
process, and nothing contained in these Terms limits our right to comply with
law enforcement or other governmental or legal requests or requirements
relating to your use of the Services or information provided to or gathered by
us with respect to such use.

If any part of these Terms is found to be invalid, illegal
or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining
provisions will not in any way be affected or impaired. Our failure or delay in
enforcing any provision of these Terms at any time does not waive our right to
enforce the same or any other provision(s) hereof in the future.

These Terms (and any other terms and conditions referenced
herein) constitutes the entire agreement between you and Orbitz with respect to
the Services and your dealings and relationships with us, and it supersedes all
prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic,
oral, or written, between you and us. A printed version of these Terms and of
any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial,
arbitration or any other administrative proceedings to the same extent and
subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records
originally generated and maintained in printed form.

Fictitious names of companies, products, people, characters,
and/or data mentioned on this Website are not intended to represent any real
individual, company, product, or event.

Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.

return to top

24. REGISTRATIONS

Seller of Travel:

Orbitz is a registered seller of travel in each of the
states listed below:

*California: CST 2063530-50

Hawaii: TAR-5627

Iowa: 644

**Nevada 2003-0387

Washington 602-102-724

*REGISTRATION AS A SELLER OF TRAVEL DOES NOT CONSTITUTE
APPROVAL BY THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA. CALIFORNIA LAW REQUIRES CERTAIN SELLERS OF
TRAVEL TO HAVE A TRUST ACCOUNT OR BOND. ORBITZ HAS A BOND ISSUED BY ZURICH
NORTH AMERICA IN THE AMOUNT OF $50,000. ORBITZ IS NOT A PARTICIPANT IN THE
TRAVEL CONSUMER RESTITUTION FUND (TCRF).

For any question related to refunds, please contact Orbitz
Customer Service at 1-888-656-4546 (within the United States) or 312-416-0018
(outside the United States).

**STATE OF NEVADA RECOVERY FUND FOR CONSUMERS DAMAGED BY
SELLERS OF TRAVEL

You may be eligible for payment from the Recovery Fund if
you have paid money to a seller of travel registered in the State of Nevada for
the booking of travel services or a vacation certificate and you have suffered
certain financial damages as a result of the transaction. To obtain information
relating to your rights under the Recovery Fund and the filing of a claim for
recovery from the Recovery Fund, you may contact the NEVADA CONSUMER AFFAIRS
DIVISION OF THE DEPARTMENT OF BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY AT THE FOLLOWING LOCATIONS:

SOUTHERN NEVADA:

1850 East Sahara Avenue, Suite 101
Las Vegas, Nevada 89104
Phone: 702-486-7355
Fax: 702-486-7371
E-mail:
ncad@fyiconsumer.org

NORTHERN NEVADA:

4600 Kietzke Lane, Building B, Suite 113
Reno, Nevada 89502
Phone: 775-688-1800
Fax: 775-688-1803
E-mail:
renocad@fyiconsumer.org

New York State Tax Registration:

Our New York sales tax vendor registration number through
Orbitz’s Corporate Affiliate, Travelscape LLC,
is 880392667 and New York City hotel occupancy tax registration number through
Travelscape LLC is 033960.

Please click here for additional information:

New
York State Certificate of Authority

New
York City Certificate of Authority

return to top

25. CONTACT INFORMATION

If you have any questions or concerns about these Terms or
if you need further assistance with respect to access to or use of the Services
or the services offered by Orbitz, you may contact our Customer Service
department as indicated below. We will attempt to respond to your questions or
concerns promptly after we receive them.

Mailing address:

Customer Service, Orbitz, LLC
500 West Madison
Street, Suite 1000
Chicago, IL 60661

You can also contact us using our customer service and
feedback form














Earn Orbucks on flights, hotels & more


Earn Orbucks

Get Mobile-Exclusive Deals

Book Flights & Hotels Anywhere

Track Flights & Itineraries





Send a download link to your mobile device




Send text





Oops!

Is it possible you've already downloaded our app?

Sorry, we are currently having problems connecting to our server. You can still download the app by clicking on the app-store buttons in our
app page
. Thank you!

We are having trouble processing your phone number. Try using this format: {{phoneNumberFormat}}. Thank you!

It looks like you just tried to enter a non-{{countryName}} phone number. Unfortunately, at this time we are only supporting {{countryName}} numbers. Please enter your number in the following format: {{phoneNumberFormat}}. Thank you!





Thank you! A text with the download link has been sent to your mobile device




Orbitz App Now Available On:







By providing your number, you agree to receive a one-time automated text message with a link to get the app. Our app offers promotions and booking services. No purchase necessary. Standard text message rates may apply.






Explore More





Orbitz





About Orbitz



Investor Relations



Jobs



Media Room



Advertising



Become an Affiliate



Add a Hotel



Add an Activity



Orbitz for Business



Orbitz for Agents



Terms of Use



Privacy Policy







Orbitz Rewards





Orbitz Rewards



VIP Hotels



Visa Card



Benefits



Promotions







Other Links





Vacation Packages



Car Rental



Cruise



Travel blog



Customer Support



Price Guarantee



Travel Deals



Mobile



Vacations by Interest










© 2017 Orbitz, LLC.  All rights reserved.  Orbitz, Orbitz.com, and the Orbitz logo are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Orbitz, LLC in the U.S. and/or other countries. Other logos or product and company names mentioned herein may be the property of their respective owners.











