






Orbitz Rewards Promotions and Deals



















































Skip to main content



Cobranded header here


Welcome to Orbitz.com
Continue to the U.S. site at Orbitz.com

close





Booking travel on behalf of


Done












Join Rewards





//a.travel-assets.com/globalcontrols-service/content/afd9b15d6e9faeac5721eeb0c7393bc624314509








Search anything









Search




















Show Menu

Hide Menu









Saved Hotels





Show Account Icon Menu
































Join Rewards



































































Shop Travel





Home



Hotels



Flights



Packages



Cars



Vacation Rentals



Cruises



Cruises



Deals



Activities



Discover



Mobile



Rewards






















1











All caught up!
No new notifications right now.
















Account







Sign in to see exclusive Member Pricing.






Sign In






New?
Create an Account










Hello,

's Account







My Account



Sign Out



Not
?



Not
?
Log in to your account



















Things you view while shopping are saved here.














My Trips






Support







Customer Support



Feedback






Español









//a.travel-assets.com/globalcontrols-service/content/afd9b15d6e9faeac5721eeb0c7393bc624314509








Search anything









Search








For customer service, call us toll-free at 1-800-397-3342. For customers outside the US, please call 1-404-728-8787. International calling rates will apply.









Home




Hotels




Flights




Packages




Cars




Vacation Rentals




Cruises




Cruises




Deals




Activities




Discover




Mobile




Rewards




More





Mobile


















Beginning of main content






Create your free account







Create your free account










Sign Up with Facebook





OR









We apologize for our system failure. Please try again


Account already exists


Authentication failure. Please try again







Action required!

To finish creating your account, please click the link we just sent to







First name







Last name









Email address










Create a password

















Earn free travel rewards with
Orbitz Rewards
. By joining  Orbitz Rewards, I accept all
Terms and Conditions
.









Sign Up






By creating an account, I agree to the
Terms of Use
and the
Privacy Policy
.






Already have an account?




Sign In












Sign in to your account







Sign in to your account










Sign In with Facebook





OR









We apologize for our system failure. Please try again


You may have entered an unknown email address or an incorrect password


Authentication failure. Please try again






Email address










Password
















Keep me signed in




Forgot password?







Sign In






Need an account?




Sign Up



























No messy points:
$1 Orbuck = $1 USD
By clicking, I agree to the
terms

Join now








Orbitz Rewards

Earn

Redeem

Benefits

Promotions

Hotel Perks

Credit Card






Let's sweeten the
deal
With Orbitz Rewards, there are plenty of ways to quickly rack up bonus Orbucks. Take a look at these special offers, and then check back often for more exclusive member promotions that'll let you earn big on:
Featured airlines, hotels and destination.
Limited time offers on products and services.
Orbitz Rewards Visa Card special offers.
Orbitz Rewards Dining bonuses + more!





Win a Free Flight!
Win a Free Flight!
To enter the Free Flight Friday sweeps, book a flight on a Friday in December. Every Friday, we will choose a random winner. Good luck! Ends December 31, 2017. Start shopping for
flights
. See terms below.
Earn $75 in bonus Orbucks on Riviera Maya hotels
Hello, Mexico sunshine! Warm up to $75 in bonus Orbucks when you spend $200 or more on select Riviera Maya hotels. Book by December 13, 2017. See terms below.
Earn DOUBLE Orbucks on any flight
Got any great travel plans brewing? Then pick a flight. Any flight! You’ll earn 2x Orbucks on any airline, and give yourself something warm and bright to look forward to this season. Book before December 14, 2017. See details below.
Earn 3X Orbucks on Riviera Maya vacation packages
Your next Mexico vacation is calling! Pack up your beach gear because now when you book select Riviera Maya vacation packages, you’ll earn 3x Orbucks. Book by December 13, 2017. See terms below.
Earn TRIPLE rewards on Avianca flights
Bienvenidos a bonus rewards! Book your dream vacation to any of Avianca Airlines’ 100-plus destinations throughout Latin America and beyond, and earn 3x Orbucks. Ends December 13, 2017. See terms below.
Earn up to 10% in rewards with the Orbitz Rewards Visa Card
Earn up to 10% in rewards with the most travel-friendly card around. Earn an EXTRA 5% on Orbitz travel and 2% on all other purchases, plus enjoy a $100 statement credit, no annual fee, no foreign transaction fees and no blackout dates on booking. Only the Orbitz Rewards Visa Card gets you free hotels faster. See terms below.
Earn 5% in rewards when you dine out
Dine your way to free hotels faster with the new Orbitz Rewards Dining program. Rack up 5% back in Orbucks when you dine at more than 11,000 restaurants, bars and clubs. Visit
http://www.orbitzrewardsdining.com
for a full list of the most rewarding places to dine. See terms below.





Free Flight Friday Terms & Conditions
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. Open to residents of the US (18+). 5 entry periods; every Friday between 12:01 AM and 11:59 PM CT, from December 1 and ending December 29, 2017. Enter via a qualifying stand-alone airfare purchase via orbitz.com or by mail-in request. Limit one entry per person per entry period (regardless of method of entry). 5 prizes (1 prize allotted to each entry period). Each prize consists of the reimbursement of the confirmed winner’s qualifying purchase, up to a total maximum value of $1,000 USD (taxes and fees included, but baggage fees and charges which are not payable at time of booking are excluded) OR, if the confirmed winner has entered by mail-in request, he/she will receive a prize of 2 round trip economy class flights up to a total of $1,200 USD. Odds of winning depend on number of eligible entries received in connection with the applicable entry period. For complete rules, visit this
page
.
Earn DOUBLE Orbucks on Flights Terms & Conditions
To be eligible for this promotion, you must be signed into your Orbitz Rewards member account at time of booking or, if you are not a member, join Orbitz Rewards at time of booking. This promotion is available on select standalone flight bookings (not booked as part of a package or as an add-on to a standalone hotel or car booking) as displayed with a total base + bonus Orbucks earn amount in the search results page. Book an eligible standalone flight and receive two times (2x) the base Orbucks earn for that flight. Offer is valid for bookings made from Friday, December 1, 2017 at 12:01AM CT to Thursday, December 14, 2017 at 11:59PM CT. Multiplier applies only to the base 1% Orbucks earned on eligible flight bookings. Members will be issued an additional amount of Bonus Orbucks equal to 1% of the amount paid for each eligible flight booking. If you have already earned the annual air cap in Orbucks, you will not earn the base 1% but you will earn the Bonus 1% Orbucks. Limit one award of Bonus Orbucks pursuant to this promotion per itinerary and per Orbitz Rewards account. Bonus Orbucks expire if not redeemed within 60 days of issuance. Offer is non-transferable and not redeemable for cash. Offer cannot be combined with any other Bonus Orbucks offer onsite. Bonus Orbucks will be deposited in your account within approximately 5 business days of booking. If you cancel your eligible booking after the Bonus Orbucks are deposited in your account, Orbitz reserves the right to remove the Bonus Orbucks. Orbitz reserves the right to change or limit the promotion in its sole discretion. Usual booking terms and conditions apply  [see
https://www.orbitz.com/p/info-other/legal.htm
] and all bookings are subject to availability. Orbitz Rewards Terms and Conditions apply [see
﻿
http://www.orbitz.com/info/win?id=RewardsTerms
﻿
].
Orbitz Rewards Visa® Card
By applying for the Orbitz Rewards Visa® Card, you agree to the terms and conditions. Please view our

frequently asked questions

for more information.
Orbitz Rewards Dining Terms & Conditions
See terms at
www.orbitzrewardsdining.com/terms.htm
Orbitz Rewards Promotional Join Bonus Terms & Conditions
$10 in Promotional Orbucks only available to new Orbitz Rewards members joining the program, and will expire 60 days after being deposited in your account. See Orbitz Rewards Program
Terms and Conditions
for program details.





By joining Orbitz Rewards, you agree to our
terms and conditions
. Please review our
Frequently Asked Questions
for more information.













Earn Orbucks on flights, hotels & more


Earn Orbucks

Get Mobile-Exclusive Deals

Book Flights & Hotels Anywhere

Track Flights & Itineraries





Send a download link to your mobile device




Send text





Oops!

Is it possible you've already downloaded our app?

Sorry, we are currently having problems connecting to our server. You can still download the app by clicking on the app-store buttons in our
app page
. Thank you!

We are having trouble processing your phone number. Try using this format: {{phoneNumberFormat}}. Thank you!

It looks like you just tried to enter a non-{{countryName}} phone number. Unfortunately, at this time we are only supporting {{countryName}} numbers. Please enter your number in the following format: {{phoneNumberFormat}}. Thank you!





Thank you! A text with the download link has been sent to your mobile device




Orbitz App Now Available On:







By providing your number, you agree to receive a one-time automated text message with a link to get the app. Our app offers promotions and booking services. No purchase necessary. Standard text message rates may apply.








Explore More





Orbitz





About Orbitz



Investor Relations



Jobs



Media Room



Advertising



Become an Affiliate



Add a Hotel



Add an Activity



Orbitz for Business



Orbitz for Agents



Terms of Use



Privacy Policy







Orbitz Rewards





Orbitz Rewards



VIP Hotels



Visa Card



Benefits



Promotions







Other Links





Vacation Packages



Car Rental



Cruise



Travel blog



Customer Support



Price Guarantee



Travel Deals



Mobile



Vacations by Interest










© 2017 Orbitz, LLC.  All rights reserved.  Orbitz, Orbitz.com, and the Orbitz logo are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Orbitz, LLC in the U.S. and/or other countries. Other logos or product and company names mentioned herein may be the property of their respective owners.






















