








































Learn from this Man's Mistake: Don't Wear All Your Clothes to Avoid a Baggage Fee | Outtraveler























































Destinations

Travel Tips

Features

Travelogue

Exclusives

Advocate

Out

Pride

Plus

Subscribe

Subscriber Services

Email Newsletter Signup

Contact

Career Opportunities

Advertise With Us

Privacy Policy

Terms of Use

Legal Notice



© 2018 Here Publishing Inc.
All Rights Reserved










Subscribe To
OUT MAGAZINE



Print
>

Digital
>



Give a gift
•

Renew


























Search form


Search





















Editor's Pick


Destination Guide



Experts & Interviews



Books, Gear & Gadgets



Hotel and Resorts







































Chicago



Have an 'Eleganza Extravaganza' and Celebrate the ‘Drag Race’ Premiere at the Art Institute of Chicago


















Learn from this Man's Mistake: Don't Wear All Your Clothes to Avoid a Baggage Fee


















Road Tripping from Rome to Naples















Copenhagen



48 Hours in Aarhus, Denmark's Vibrant Second City















Washington, D.C.



Three Places in Washington D.C. to Honor the Legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.















Airlines



'Pre-Reclined' Seats are the New Cost-Cutting Measure Coming to British Airways












Learn from this Man's Mistake: Don't Wear All Your Clothes to Avoid a Baggage Fee







Spoiler: It didn't end well



By
OUTTraveler Editors



January 17 2018 3:42 PM EST





















Lot of us have joked about strapping on an extra pair of paints and a few extra shirts in order to avoid a baggage fee, but few of us have actually done it, but one man learned the hard way that this track hack doesn’t always go as planned.

A man flying to Iceland tried to avoid paying a baggage fee by wearing ten shirts, eight pairs of pants, and two other items of clothing draped on his shoulders.  Not only did the traveler, who goes by the alias “Ryan Hawaii,” look like a complete weirdo at Keflavik International Airport, he also wasn’t allowed to board his flight.

The entire incident appears on his Twitter (we’re smelling a get-some-more-followers stunt), but it’s still rather amusing. Hawaii claims that he didn’t have enough money to pay for the excess baggage fee and was told by an airline rep to wear his clothes.

"They're really having me dress like this to go on, and they won't even let me go on," he said to his followers.

When he wasn’t allowed to board, another video shows him asking a gate agent why he couldn’t. The agent tells him he’s not allowed to film and that he will call the police.

@British_Airways
hi being held at Iceland Keflavik airport because I had no baggage put all the clothes on and they still won't let me on. Racial profiling? Or.....
pic.twitter.com/NKgpe1cPFP

— Ryan Hawaii (@RYAN_HAWAII)
January 10, 2018




The incident made the news in Iceland, with the Iceland Monitor reporting that it wasn’t the extra clothing that was the issue, but his rude attitude that prevented him from boarding.

The story gets worse for Hawaii, though. Police were called, and he was pepper sprayed and then arrested.

A British Airways spokeswoman told The Washington Post about their baggage fee. “We give our customers a wide range of fares to choose from to meet their needs…We explained our policy to our customer, and offered him an alternative flight to London."

Hawaii took his chances the following day and was once again denied. "I was disruptive yesterday, apparently," Williams said. "I can't board this flight again to go home. Trying to call my mom. Trying to call my dad. Trying to call my stepdad. Trying to call my brother."

Why this time? An easyJet captain didn’t want to take his or her chances on him.

"The Captain and the ground crew were concerned about reports from the previous day so we provided a refund and he traveled with another airline," easyJet spokeswoman Ruth Bishop told The Post in an e-mail.

The lessons here are a) suck it up and pay the baggage fee b) be super-nice if you plan on wearing all of your clothes.









Latest videos on Outtraveler









From our Sponsors



















READER COMMENTS (
)

















Most Popular on OutTraveler.com










Out Traveler Awards

Out Traveler Awards 2014: Best Gayborhoods






































Latest News













Chicago



Have an 'Eleganza Extravaganza' and Celebrate the ‘Drag Race’ Premiere at the Art Institute of Chicago


January 17 2018 9:26 PM
































Learn from this Man's Mistake: Don't Wear All Your Clothes to Avoid a Baggage Fee


January 17 2018 3:42 PM



































Here's Why La Compagnie Business-Class Airline is Gaining Legions of Fans


January 16 2018 3:42 PM






























Washington, D.C.



Three Places in Washington D.C. to Honor the Legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.


January 15 2018 3:30 PM
































Road Tripping from Rome to Naples


January 14 2018 11:51 AM



































KOVAL Distillery is a Refined Taste of Chicago


January 12 2018 3:26 PM
































British Travel Company Releases Ad Featuring Gay Dads


January 12 2018 12:05 PM


















1





























