








































British Travel Company Releases Ad Featuring Gay Dads | Outtraveler























































Destinations

Travel Tips

Features

Travelogue

Exclusives

Advocate

Out

Pride

Plus

Subscribe

Subscriber Services

Email Newsletter Signup

Contact

Career Opportunities

Advertise With Us

Privacy Policy

Terms of Use

Legal Notice



© 2018 Here Publishing Inc.
All Rights Reserved










Subscribe To
OUT MAGAZINE



Print
>

Digital
>



Give a gift
•

Renew


























Search form


Search





















Editor's Pick


Destination Guide



Experts & Interviews



Books, Gear & Gadgets



Hotel and Resorts







































Chicago



Have an 'Eleganza Extravaganza' and Celebrate the ‘Drag Race’ Premiere at the Art Institute of Chicago


















Learn from this Man's Mistake: Don't Wear All Your Clothes to Avoid a Baggage Fee


















Road Tripping from Rome to Naples















Copenhagen



48 Hours in Aarhus, Denmark's Vibrant Second City















Washington, D.C.



Three Places in Washington D.C. to Honor the Legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.















Airlines



'Pre-Reclined' Seats are the New Cost-Cutting Measure Coming to British Airways












British Travel Company Releases Ad Featuring Gay Dads







And it will give you the feels



By
OUTTraveler Editors



January 12 2018 12:05 PM EST





















Those of us outside of the UK may have never heard of Cottages.com, but the company is hoping to change that with a new ad that features all types of families renting unique properties. In their new 30-second spot (that launched on New Year's Day on Channel 4), the house-share website portrays all types of families enjoying their listed properties including two dads who are fawning over their newborn baby.

"Our latest campaign has one core objective; to showcase the diversity within our business. Highlighting the multi-dimensional product range we have within our portfolio – from cottages to castles, apartments to pods. And to reflect the diverse society which we live in today. Stating proudly that as a brand we welcome everyone – regardless of age, race, ability, and sexual preference – to holiday with cottages.com," Marketing Director Anthony Reilly said of the campaign.

Now the bigger question, when can we rent that windmill?










Latest videos on Outtraveler









From our Sponsors



















READER COMMENTS (
)

















Most Popular on OutTraveler.com










New Orleans

How I Got My Mojo Back After a Trip to New Orleans













Learn from this Man's Mistake: Don't Wear All Your Clothes to Avoid a Baggage Fee






































Latest News













Chicago



Have an 'Eleganza Extravaganza' and Celebrate the ‘Drag Race’ Premiere at the Art Institute of Chicago


January 17 2018 9:26 PM
































Learn from this Man's Mistake: Don't Wear All Your Clothes to Avoid a Baggage Fee


January 17 2018 3:42 PM



































Here's Why La Compagnie Business-Class Airline is Gaining Legions of Fans


January 16 2018 3:42 PM






























Washington, D.C.



Three Places in Washington D.C. to Honor the Legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.


January 15 2018 3:30 PM
































Road Tripping from Rome to Naples


January 14 2018 11:51 AM



































KOVAL Distillery is a Refined Taste of Chicago


January 12 2018 3:26 PM
































British Travel Company Releases Ad Featuring Gay Dads


January 12 2018 12:05 PM


















1





























