








































KOVAL Distillery is a Refined Taste of Chicago | Outtraveler























































Destinations

Travel Tips

Features

Travelogue

Exclusives

Advocate

Out

Pride

Plus

Subscribe

Subscriber Services

Email Newsletter Signup

Contact

Career Opportunities

Advertise With Us

Privacy Policy

Terms of Use

Legal Notice



© 2018 Here Publishing Inc.
All Rights Reserved










Subscribe To
OUT MAGAZINE



Print
>

Digital
>



Give a gift
•

Renew


























Search form


Search





















Editor's Pick


Destination Guide



Experts & Interviews



Books, Gear & Gadgets



Hotel and Resorts







































Chicago



Have an 'Eleganza Extravaganza' and Celebrate the ‘Drag Race’ Premiere at the Art Institute of Chicago


















Learn from this Man's Mistake: Don't Wear All Your Clothes to Avoid a Baggage Fee


















Road Tripping from Rome to Naples















Copenhagen



48 Hours in Aarhus, Denmark's Vibrant Second City















Washington, D.C.



Three Places in Washington D.C. to Honor the Legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.















Airlines



'Pre-Reclined' Seats are the New Cost-Cutting Measure Coming to British Airways












KOVAL Distillery is a Refined Taste of Chicago






koval distillery whiskey chicago




Break it down any way you want, but 'distill' the best in Chi Town




By
OUTTraveler Editors



January 12 2018 3:26 PM EST





















If you're in Chicago, take some time out for a drink.
Koval
, an organic distillery, makes their products from scratch using local ingredients. It is so protective of its carefully crafted spirits it only allows particular hotels, bars, and restaurants to carry its five whiskeys, two gins, and line of liqueurs. The Blackstone, for example, has its own barrel of Koval on site that contains a whiskey developed exclusively for the hotel. Koval is an eco-friendly distillery whose owners have had a political impact on the city—it helped to bring mandatory paid sick leave to Chicago’s workers. For a taste of the Blackstone’s exclusive whiskey, you’ll have to head to the hotel itself, but to sample Koval’s other offerings, take a ten-dollar tour offered Wednesday night and hourly throughout the weekend. Tip: Be sure to sample the millet whiskey—Koval is the only millet distiller in the US!

Murf Reeves from
Sainte Marie
, New Orleans, LA was nice enough to share this delicious recipe using KOVAL's millet to get your weekend started.



Julia & Joseph

1 1/2 oz KOVAL Millet Whiskey

1/2 oz High West Silver Rye Whiskey

1/4 oz Orange Liqueur

3/4 oz Lemon juice

3/4 oz Cinnamon syrup

Shake, strain over ice into a rocks glass.







Latest videos on Outtraveler









From our Sponsors



















READER COMMENTS (
)

















Most Popular on OutTraveler.com










Out Traveler Awards

Out Traveler Awards 2014: Best Gayborhoods













Learn from this Man's Mistake: Don't Wear All Your Clothes to Avoid a Baggage Fee






































Latest News













Chicago



Have an 'Eleganza Extravaganza' and Celebrate the ‘Drag Race’ Premiere at the Art Institute of Chicago


January 17 2018 9:26 PM
































Learn from this Man's Mistake: Don't Wear All Your Clothes to Avoid a Baggage Fee


January 17 2018 3:42 PM



































Here's Why La Compagnie Business-Class Airline is Gaining Legions of Fans


January 16 2018 3:42 PM






























Washington, D.C.



Three Places in Washington D.C. to Honor the Legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.


January 15 2018 3:30 PM
































Road Tripping from Rome to Naples


January 14 2018 11:51 AM



































KOVAL Distillery is a Refined Taste of Chicago


January 12 2018 3:26 PM
































British Travel Company Releases Ad Featuring Gay Dads


January 12 2018 12:05 PM


















1





























