








































Here's Why La Compagnie Business-Class Airline is Gaining Legions of Fans | Outtraveler























































Destinations

Travel Tips

Features

Travelogue

Exclusives

Advocate

Out

Pride

Plus

Subscribe

Subscriber Services

Email Newsletter Signup

Contact

Career Opportunities

Advertise With Us

Privacy Policy

Terms of Use

Legal Notice



© 2018 Here Publishing Inc.
All Rights Reserved










Subscribe To
OUT MAGAZINE



Print
>

Digital
>



Give a gift
•

Renew


























Search form


Search





















Editor's Pick


Destination Guide



Experts & Interviews



Books, Gear & Gadgets



Hotel and Resorts







































Chicago



Have an 'Eleganza Extravaganza' and Celebrate the ‘Drag Race’ Premiere at the Art Institute of Chicago


















Learn from this Man's Mistake: Don't Wear All Your Clothes to Avoid a Baggage Fee


















Road Tripping from Rome to Naples















Copenhagen



48 Hours in Aarhus, Denmark's Vibrant Second City















Washington, D.C.



Three Places in Washington D.C. to Honor the Legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.















Airlines



'Pre-Reclined' Seats are the New Cost-Cutting Measure Coming to British Airways












Here's Why La Compagnie Business-Class Airline is Gaining Legions of Fans







And it's not just the $1,800 R/T price tag.



By
OUTTraveler Editors



January 16 2018 3:42 PM EST





















There is a reason that
La Compagnie
uses the phrase #flythedifference, just ask their growing number of loyal customers who choose this boutique airline. With beginnings in 2004 with flights from New York to Paris, the airline (which combined with XL Airways 2016) has become the first low-fare long-haul airline group.






For just a fraction of the cost compared to major airlines, travelers can get a business-class experience for a fraction of the price. From just $1,800 round-trip passengers enjoye a private airport lounge before they board an eco-friendly Boeing 757-200 and then get seated in one of 74 business-class seats equipped with, of course, in-flight entertainment, a beautiful premium amenities kit (with Caudalie products), and seasonal menus created by Christophe Langree that includes Piper Heidsieck Champagne.






Kevin Lyons

The price premium is the only element attracting faithful passengers. La Compagnie is disrupting the airline industry by employing a business model similar to the thousands of small hotels popping around the world hoping to convince the average customer to spend a few extra dollars for an experience they’re guaranteed to remember. It’s a gamble in an industry ruled by cost-cutting and bargain-basement fares, but the boutique airline shows no signs of stopping as it doubles down on in-flight activities.   airline isn't just special because of their superior service, it is also known for bringing experiential travel to the skies much like small hotels around the country. Once or twice a month the airline has special events aboard.  Passengers had the chance to meet with directors and authors such as Claude Lelouch, Sébastien Samson, Jean-Michel Ribes, and Philip Kerr as well as meeting with Kevin Lyons x Co who brought an in-flight art gallery to the air. Becuase the airline knows that its clients tend to be sophisticated and in-the-know, they've also partnered with boutique hotels throughout Paris. When you land, a private car (for a small price) will chauffer you to one of their partner hotels.















Latest videos on Outtraveler









From our Sponsors



















READER COMMENTS (
)

















Most Popular on OutTraveler.com










Out Traveler Awards

Out Traveler Awards 2014: Best Gayborhoods






































Latest News













Chicago



Have an 'Eleganza Extravaganza' and Celebrate the ‘Drag Race’ Premiere at the Art Institute of Chicago


January 17 2018 9:26 PM
































Learn from this Man's Mistake: Don't Wear All Your Clothes to Avoid a Baggage Fee


January 17 2018 3:42 PM



































Here's Why La Compagnie Business-Class Airline is Gaining Legions of Fans


January 16 2018 3:42 PM






























Washington, D.C.



Three Places in Washington D.C. to Honor the Legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.


January 15 2018 3:30 PM
































Road Tripping from Rome to Naples


January 14 2018 11:51 AM



































KOVAL Distillery is a Refined Taste of Chicago


January 12 2018 3:26 PM
































British Travel Company Releases Ad Featuring Gay Dads


January 12 2018 12:05 PM


















1





























