








































Three Places in Washington D.C. to Honor the Legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. | Outtraveler























































Destinations

Travel Tips

Features

Travelogue

Exclusives

Advocate

Out

Pride

Plus

Subscribe

Subscriber Services

Email Newsletter Signup

Contact

Career Opportunities

Advertise With Us

Privacy Policy

Terms of Use

Legal Notice



© 2018 Here Publishing Inc.
All Rights Reserved










Subscribe To
OUT MAGAZINE



Print
>

Digital
>



Give a gift
•

Renew


























Search form


Search





















Editor's Pick


Destination Guide



Experts & Interviews



Books, Gear & Gadgets



Hotel and Resorts







































Chicago



Have an 'Eleganza Extravaganza' and Celebrate the ‘Drag Race’ Premiere at the Art Institute of Chicago


















Learn from this Man's Mistake: Don't Wear All Your Clothes to Avoid a Baggage Fee


















Road Tripping from Rome to Naples















Copenhagen



48 Hours in Aarhus, Denmark's Vibrant Second City















Washington, D.C.



Three Places in Washington D.C. to Honor the Legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.















Airlines



'Pre-Reclined' Seats are the New Cost-Cutting Measure Coming to British Airways











Destination Guide
North America
Washington, D.C.

Three Places in Washington D.C. to Honor the Legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.







"Never again can we afford to live with the narrow, provincial, 'outside agitator' idea. Anyone who lives inside the United States can never be considered an outsider anywhere within its bounds."






By
OUTTraveler Editors



January 15 2018 3:30 PM EST


























Taking a walk down Washington D.C.’s Mall is probably the most obvious place to start when seeking out a tour honoring the life and legacy of Martin Luther King, Jr. Walk up the steps of the Lincoln Memorial to the location of the 17-minute “I Have a Dream” speech that took place on August 28, 1963. A plaque, 18 steps from the top, marks the spot where he spoke in front of a quarter-of-a-million people. It was dedicated in 2003.






Next to the Mall, the “Stone of Hope” is located in West Potomac Park. The 30-foot-high statue of King is embedded in solid granite and 14 quotes from the civil rights leader are inscribed around it. The memorial is particularly special as it is one of only a few in or near that represent a non-president and the first national monument dedicated to an African-American man. Also of note, the height of the “Stone of Hope” exceeds the customary limit of 19.5’ for statues in Washington, DC. However, the figure of MLK is a likeness (similar to the presidential images on Mt. Rushmore), and thus not considered a statue.






National Museum of African American History and Culture
opened September of 2016 and is still one of the most popular museums in Washington D.C. The ticketed museum is consistently sold out, so if you’re planning on visiting the city, you really need to plan ahead. Unfortunately the museum opened with no artifacts from King (
the reasoning is discussed in this
Washington Post
article
), but that doesn’t take away from the fascinating in-depth look the museum displays about the Civil Rights Movement. Of course, the Smithsonian displays plenty of MLK photographs and detailed accounts of King’s contributions.




Tags:

Washington, D.C.






Latest videos on Outtraveler









From our Sponsors



















READER COMMENTS (
)

















Most Popular on OutTraveler.com











Learn from this Man's Mistake: Don't Wear All Your Clothes to Avoid a Baggage Fee






































Latest News













Chicago



Have an 'Eleganza Extravaganza' and Celebrate the ‘Drag Race’ Premiere at the Art Institute of Chicago


January 17 2018 9:26 PM
































Learn from this Man's Mistake: Don't Wear All Your Clothes to Avoid a Baggage Fee


January 17 2018 3:42 PM



































Here's Why La Compagnie Business-Class Airline is Gaining Legions of Fans


January 16 2018 3:42 PM






























Washington, D.C.



Three Places in Washington D.C. to Honor the Legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.


January 15 2018 3:30 PM
































Road Tripping from Rome to Naples


January 14 2018 11:51 AM



































KOVAL Distillery is a Refined Taste of Chicago


January 12 2018 3:26 PM
































British Travel Company Releases Ad Featuring Gay Dads


January 12 2018 12:05 PM


















1





























