
Gay Travel Approved Gay Friendly Hotels LGBT Friendly Resorts



















Hotels


Hotels Home

Luxury Property

Bed & Breakfast

Boutique

Gay Travel Approved

National Chain



Destinations


Destinations Home

Las Vegas
Hawaii
New York City
Florida
The Caribbean
Central America
Italy



Tours

Cruises

Weddings

Guru

Events

Blog


Blog Home

Arts and Culture
Carlos Melia
Cruise
Davey Wavey Travel Blog
Event Spotlight
Top 10s, Rates and Reviews
Gaycations
News
The Gay Travel Guru
Videos We Love




© 2017 GayTravel.com. All rights reserved.







GayTravel.com — Travel Guides with a Gay Perspective.

Navigation



Hotels


Luxury Property

Bed & Breakfast

Boutique

Gay Travel Approved

National Chain



Destinations


View All

Las Vegas
Hawaii
New York City
Florida
The Caribbean
Central America
Italy



Tours

Cruises

Weddings

Guru

Blog


Arts and Culture
Carlos Melia
Cruise
Davey Wavey Travel Blog
Event Spotlight
Top 10s, Rates and Reviews
Gaycations
News
The Gay Travel Guru
Videos We Love



Events










Search Our Site

Go







Sheraton Maui Resort & Spa

At the foot of the legendary Black Rock on Ka-anapali Beach, this sprawling resort welcomes LGBT travelers to a world of relaxation and discovery.









Gay Travel Approved Hotels

Being "Gay Travel Approved" lets our audience know that Gay Travel's team of experts and editors along with feedback from travelers like you have given a travel partner the distinction of having that "je ne sais quoi" that LGBTQ Travelers appreciate.
Learn More.






Gurney’s Newport Resort & Marina
Newport

An island resort just minutes from downtown Newport, Rhode Island.






Sheraton Bay Point Resort
Panama City, FL

Starwood's Only Panama City Beach Resort






Aloft Miami Doral
Miami

Aloft Miami Doral is located in Miami's Doral area, less than one mile from International Mall and Dolphin Mall, 5 minutes away from CityPlace Dora…







Element Miami Doral
Miami

Discover Extended Stay Reimagined at this Doral hotel.






Castlehotel Schönburg
One of the most romantic and beautiful castle hotels in Germany!
From 220 to 370




Cove Haven Entertainment Resorts
Experience the picturesque Pocono Mountains at the perfect resort destination.




Sheraton Suites Old Town Alexandria
Washington D.C.

Feel the charm of Old Town at this all suites hotel in Alexandria, VA





The Westin Nanea Ocean Villas, Ka’anapali
Maui

The newest Starwood resort villa on Maui!





The Paul Hotel
New York City

NEW YORK CITY





11 Howard
New York City

Providing a clean slate where guests can write their own New York stories.





King George Hotel
San Francisco

Conveniently located one block away from world-class shopping and dining in Union Square.





Chatrium Hotels & Residences
Bangkok

Luxury Hotels in Bangkok, Thailand





The Time Hotel New York
New York City

Beautiful accommodations in the heart of New York City.





Renaissance Aruba Resort & Casino
Aruba

Choose your preference, Adults Only or Gay Family Friendly!





Stowe Mountain Lodge
Stowe

Escape to Vermont and unwind in the mountains.





Garden Court Hotel
Palo Alto

A world apart in the center of everything.





Fairmont Dallas
Dallas

Accommodating your lodging needs for business or leisure, grand events, weddings, conferences, or intimate meetings.





Sheraton Puerto Rico Hotel & Casino
San Juan

Stay in the heart of San Juan, steps from the marina!





The Westin Puntacana Resort & Club
Punta Cana

Unwind with the sand, surf and sun!





W Retreat & Spa - Vieques Island
Vieques Island

Located 8 miles off the coast of mainland Puerto Rico





Hyatt Regency Tamaya Resort & Spa
A luxurious New Mexico Resort nestled beneath the Sandia Mountains




San Juan Water Beach Club Hotel
San Juan

San Juan's only boutique hotel on the beach!





Grand Solmar Land’s End Resort & Spa
Cabo San Lucas

Experience an elevated standard of luxury and an undeniable chance to be left speechless!





The Wave Hotel at Condado
San Juan

Conveniently located steps away from the beach, shopping and restaurants!





The Condado Plaza Hilton
San Juan

Located in vibrant San Juan, with prime access to the beach and close to restaurants, bars and entertainment near Old San Juan.





Caribe Hilton
San Juan

Where Ordinary Ends and Paradise Begins at the ultimate beachfront resort in San Juan closests to Old San Juan area in a privilige 17-acres peninsula.





Hotel Indigo Nashville
Nashville

Travel like an explorer. Stay like a local.

From 169.00 to 399.00





Maitria Hotel Sukhumvit 18 – A Chatrium Collection
Bangkok

Maitria Hotel Sukhumvit 18 - A Chatrium Collection is a modern lifestyle hotel in the downtown district of Bangkok, right next to some of the city’…

From 80 to 292





Chatrium Hotel Riverside Bangkok
Bangkok

Unparalleled and truly breathtaking views

From 133 to 600





Renaissance St. Croix Carambola Beach Resort & Spa
St. Croix

A St. Croix resort for everyone!





Bolongo Bay Beach Resort
St. Thomas

Slip on your flip flops, chill out and have fun in the beautiful US Virgin Islands!





Costa Sur Resort & Spa
Puerto Vallarta

Grab your partner and come experience a gay vacation destination like no other!

From 80.00 to 300.00





Hilton New York Grand Central
New York City

One of mid-town’s delightfully unexpected getaway hotels.





Point Pleasant Resort - Your Own Private Paradise
St. Thomas

Escape to your own private paradise at Point Pleasant Resort in St. Thomas, operated by Akers Ellis Resort Management.  Situated on a 15-acre hills…





The Marcus Whitman
Walla Walla

Experience the remarkable combination of history and luxury in beautiful, LGBTQ friendly, downtown Walla Walla Washington.





Inn on the Alameda
Santa Fe

An enchanting hotel nestled in the heart of Santa Fe and just steps from the historic Santa Fe Plaza, Inn on the Alameda is your boutique home away…





Chatrium Residence Sathon Bangkok
Bangkok

Chatrium Residence Sathon Bangkok offers cozy, affordable suites overlooking a peaceful neighborhood. Amenities include a landscaped pool, fitness …

From 100 to 300





Starwood Hotels & Resorts Hawaii
Plan your Hawaiian vacation to Maui, Oahu, the Big Island, or Kauai at any of our Sheraton, Westin, Luxury Collection or St. Regis properties!




Courtyard by Marriott Niagara Falls
Niagara Falls Canada

Make room for a little fun!





Grand Hyatt Kauai Resort and Spa
Kauai

Discover the wonders of the Garden Isle at Grand Hyatt Kauai Resort and Spa. Set in the heart of Poipu, their remarkable hotel is balanced between …





Hyatt Regency Waikiki Beach Resort & Spa
Oahu

Explore the excitement of Oʻahu at one of Hawaii’s premier resort destinations. Just steps from the renowned warm waters and spectacular views of W…





Best Western Plus Inn of Sedona
Sedona

The energy of Sedona’s famous vortices and the spectacular natural beauty of Sedona’s red rocks combine to make Sedona, Arizona one the “Top 100 Pl…

From 0.00 to 0.00





Hyatt Regency Huntington Beach
Huntington Beach

Finding your niche as an LGBT traveler can be hard, but at the Hyatt Regency Huntington Beach, you'll fit right in. Their staff is awaiting your ar…





Long Beach Marriott
Long Beach

Treat yourself to the resort-like atmosphere and convenient location of the recently renovated Long Beach Hotel.

From 159.00 to 269.00





Frenchman’s Reef & Morning Star Marriott Beach Resort
St. Thomas

Discover your own unique Virgin Island resort experience: sample the best dining in St Thomas at our new restaurant, Aqua Terra, explore the island…





Best Western - Sonoma Valley Inn
Sonoma

Just steps from the historic Sonoma Plaza, Best Western Sonoma Valley Inn provides comfort and convenience to wine country visitors seeking hotel a…





Best Western—Dry Creek Inn
Sonoma

Nestled between the Russian River, Alexander Valley and Dry Creek Valley Wine regions, the BEST WESTERN Dry Creek Inn is just minutes away from ove…





DoubleTree by Hilton Orlando Downtown
Orlando

The gay-friendly DoubleTree by Hilton Orlando Downtown is known for its hospitality and welcoming ambiance.

From $99.00 to $369.00





Made INN Vermont Bed and Breakfast
Burlington

Made INN Vermont, voted a
"2014 Top Ten Romantic Inn"
by I Love Inns. Nested in the heart of Burlington's Historic Hill Section, we have a stunning…

From 225 to 285





Taylor House Bed & Breakfast
Boston

Taylor House, a gracious Victorian home in Boston’s Jamaica Plain section, was built in 1853 for George W. Taylor, an international merchant head-q…





Marriott Puerto Vallarta Resort and Spa
Puerto Vallarta

A 4 Diamond Luxury Resort Welcoming All Gay Travelers





The Orlando Hotel
Los Angeles

Experience the warm comfort and understated luxury of The Orlando – a stylish Los Angeles luxury boutique hotel in West Hollywood.





Sheraton Seattle
Seattle

Celebrate your pride. Steps from Pike Place Market and the Seattle waterfront, Sheraton Seattle Hotel is a contemporary urban retreat in the heart …





The Scottsdale Resort at McCormick Ranch
Phoenix / Scottsdale

As you walk through the lush, manicured grounds of this gay welcoming resort, it's hard to believe you are in the heart of all the excitement of Sc…





Crowne Plaza Tampa Westshore
Tampa

The brand new Crowne Plaza Hotel Tampa Westshore offers a uniqueness all its own that can perhaps be best described as modern and fresh but elegant…





Sheraton Kona Resort & Spa
Big Island | Hawaii

Sheraton Kona Resort & Spa, crowning an ancient lava flow cascading into the waters along the Kona coast of Hawaii’s Big Island, offers everything …





The Westin Princeville Ocean Resort Villas
Kauai

Enjoy all the conveniences of home with all the amenities of this beautiful resort!





Sheraton Princess Kaiulani
Oahu

Gracing the former estate of Hawaii's last princess, this garden oasis is set in the heart of Waikiki and welcomes the LGBT community to come and e…





Sheraton Waikiki
Oahu

Located on the legendary Waikiki Beach with views of the famous Diamond Head Crater, this towering, LGBT friendly, resort offers contemporary comfo…





The Westin Kaanapali Ocean & Resort Villas
Mastery designed and richly furnished, this resort offers unique residences built alongside the fabled Ka’anapali Beach.




Sheraton Maui Resort & Spa
Maui

At the foot of the legendary Black Rock on Ka-anapali Beach, this sprawling resort welcomes LGBT travelers to a world of relaxation and discovery.





The Westin Maui Resort & Spa
Maui

Ideal for hopeless romantics, adventure seekers and gay families alike, this resort sits alongside a spectacular stretch of Ka’-anapali Beach.  A r…





Moana Surfrider, A Westin Resort & Spa
Oahu

“The First Lady of Waikiki” is an elegant Victorian landmark on Waikiki Beach.





Sheraton Kauai Resort
Kauai

Located in the heart of breathtaking Po’ipu Beach, this resort invites you to experience Kauai’s unspoiled white sand, brilliant sunshine and glori…





Waterfront Hotel
Oakland

The seamless combination of the Waterfront Hotel’s nautical style and the traditional setting of Jack London Square come together on Oakland’s wate…





Sheraton Centre Toronto
Toronto

Celebrate your pride! In the Centre of it all, Sheraton Centre Toronto Hotel is an easy stroll to the vibrant Wellesley Village and renowned Church…



Get the Latest Updates!







View Our Past Newsletters »


Latest Tips

Bernice Pauahi Bishop Museum

Max’s Gym

The Duluth Playhouse

Diana’s Tour

Gay Bar-Hopping Tour


Latest Blogs

Culture, Fun and EuroPride In Vienna

GayTravel Riviera Maya, Mexico

Winter Pride: Gay Ski Week Destinations 2018

We Found the Exact Time to Book Cheaper Holiday Flights

12 Things to Know About the Rockefeller Center Christmas Tree






From Our Twitter Feed








@GayTravel


This looks fo freaking fun at
@
WestinNanea
Ocean Villas, Hawaii!
twitter.com/jeff_mccallion…


1512162911
















About Us


About Us

Contact Us

Careers

Site Terms & Conditions

Media Partners

Advertise With Us!

Privacy Policy




Advertise


Why Advertise With Us?

Our Audience

Our Statistics

Banner Ads and Media Kit

List Your Business

Advertising Terms & Conditions




Explore


Gay Guides

Events


Plan


Hotels

Cruises

Tours




Jump into gay travel...

Explore videos, photos, travel tips, maps and top
gay destinations
.

Browse
cruises
&
tours
for the best gay friendly activities.

Find the most reliable information about the
best gay events
around the globe.






1-800 GAYTRAVEL

1-800-429-8728
(
503-536-7271
)


Find us on:


Twitter

Facebook

Instagram

Youtube

Pinterest

RSS



© 2017 GAYTRAVEL.COM


