
Gay Friendly Oahu & Honolulu LGBTQ Travel Guide | GayTravel.com — Gay Bars & Clubs, Gay Friendly Hotels, Cruises, Tours, Events, Beaches, Weddings, Deals & Reviews



















Hotels


Hotels Home

Luxury Property

Bed & Breakfast

Boutique

Gay Travel Approved

National Chain



Destinations


Destinations Home

Las Vegas
Hawaii
New York City
Florida
The Caribbean
Central America
Italy



Tours

Cruises

Weddings

Guru

Events

Blog


Blog Home

Arts and Culture
Carlos Melia
Cruise
Davey Wavey Travel Blog
Event Spotlight
Top 10s, Rates and Reviews
Gaycations
News
The Gay Travel Guru
Videos We Love




© 2017 GayTravel.com. All rights reserved.







GayTravel.com — Travel Guides with a Gay Perspective.

Navigation



Hotels


Luxury Property

Bed & Breakfast

Boutique

Gay Travel Approved

National Chain



Destinations


View All

Las Vegas
Hawaii
New York City
Florida
The Caribbean
Central America
Italy



Tours

Cruises

Weddings

Guru

Blog


Arts and Culture
Carlos Melia
Cruise
Davey Wavey Travel Blog
Event Spotlight
Top 10s, Rates and Reviews
Gaycations
News
The Gay Travel Guru
Videos We Love



Events










Search Our Site

Go







Oahu

Gay beaches, surf clubs, and gay sporting events make Oahu a gay traveler’s paradise any time of year!









Featured Hotels in Oahu

View All Hotels in Oahu






Moana Surfrider, A Westin Resort & Spa

“The First Lady of Waikiki” is an elegant Victorian landmark on Waikiki Beach.






The Royal Hawaiian, A Luxury Collection Resort

The iconic “Pink Palace of the Pacific” is a haven of luxury and grandeur.  Modern yet uniquely Hawaiian, this gay friendly resort offers unprecede…






Sheraton Waikiki

Located on the legendary Waikiki Beach with views of the famous Diamond Head Crater, this towering, LGBT friendly, resort offers contemporary comfo…




Gay Travel Oahu | Honolulu

Hawaii
is a truly special place: A beautiful, remote and verdant chain of islands, it has, for more than two-and-a-half centuries, been a tiny melting pot for dozens of cultures and the source of legends. Now more than ever before, gay travelers are experiencing what locals have known for a long time: the Hawaiian Islands are beautiful, friendly and all-around amazing. Nowhere in Hawaii is that more evident than on Oahu and, more specifically, in Honolulu.

Between the Waikiki beaches, the USS Memorial Arizona and rainforest hikes, you can find something for the adventurous traveler or the laid-back beach bum on Oahu. The best places to dine are in downtown Honolulu, where you will find authentic Hawaiian foods and luaus. There are also wonderful gay and lesbian bars in Honolulu where you can enjoy a drink and meet the locals.


Oahu Gay Scene

The islands have enjoyed an upswing in LGBTQ tourism since the December 2013 passing of the Hawaii Marriage Equality Act. All estimates for the number of same-sex weddings were quickly surpassed, infusing the local LGBTQ community with newfound enthusiasm and passion.

Many locals are a bit conservative, but Honolulu’s gay scene doesn’t let that stop anything. In recent years, the gay scene on Oahu has transformed into a burgeoning and vibrant movement with a host of events taking place almost every night of the week. From pool parties in Waikiki to LGBT mixers in Chinatown, Honolulu’s gay scene is dynamic and lively.

There are tons of gay beaches, surf clubs and gay sporting events year-round that make it easy for LGBTQ travelers to plan a trip to Oahu. With tons of gay-friendly hot sports in and around Honolulu and, in particular, the downtown Waikiki area, you will always be able to find a local place where you feel more than welcome.

Between the Waikiki beaches, the
Bishop Museum
, the USS Memorial Arizona and rainforest hikes, you can find something for both the adventurous and laid-back gay traveler on Oahu. The best places to dine are downtown Honolulu, where you will find authentic Hawaiian foods and luaus. There are gay & lesbian bars in Honolulu where you can enjoy a drink and meet the locals.

In the recent years, Honolulu’s gay scene has transformed into a burgeoning and vibrant movement with a host of events taking place almost every night of the week. From pool parties in Waikiki to LGBT mixers in Chinatown, Honolulu’s gay scene is dynamic and lively and beckons to be widely recognized.


Gay-Friendly Dining

Honolulu’s dining scene is a glorious and dynamic mix of tastes from all over the world. Fast food restaurants are few and far between, and with so much competition, bad restaurants get the boot quickly and good ones are readily recognized.

Rum Fire Waikiki

This Honolulu restaurant prizes its menu inspired by the Pacific Rim of Fire using fresh local ingredients and tons of flavor. Rum Fire features an a la carte menu of street foods from around the world, delectable Hawaiian cocktails, and a warm and cozy setting.

M.A.C. 24/7

As the name implies, M.A.C. 24/7 is open around the clock, seven days a week. Stop in for a filling breakfast and a bloody Mary, a pasta or seafood lunch, or a late-night indulgent dessert. M.A.C. 24/7 is located in the Hyatt building towards the south end of Waikiki and has valet parking.

Nobu Waikiki

Chef Nobu Matsuhisa, the world’s leader in innovative Japanese cuisine, is celebrated for his expertise of blending classical Japanese techniques with exotic global flavors. Chef Matsuhisa also sincerely understands, respects and embraces Hawaii’s matchless sense of place and its extraordinary indigenous delicacies.

Gay-Friendly Nightlife

Oahu’s gay-friendly bars attract locals and tourists alike, making these nightlife spots great places to meet new people and find friendly faces. To top it off, many of Oahu’s gay bars are just a few yards away from the white sandy beaches.

Bacchus

Honolulu’s hottest gay bar has friendly staff, classic cocktails, local craft beer and music. This is a mostly-male bar and can be a great way to meet local gays in Hawaii.

Chiko’s Tavern

This LGBTQ-friendly bar has a casual atmosphere with simple bar bites and a decent karaoke selection. Perfect for a casual drink or place to relax.

In Between Waikiki

Waikiki’s hidden treasure, this intimate and friendly hotspot is a little hard to find, but well worth the search. In Between has friendly staff, great drink specials, karaoke and free Wi-Fi.

Gay-Friendly Activities & Destinations

On Oahu, gay and lesbian travelers can find adventure, history or relaxation as the mood strikes.

Hanauma Bay Snorkeling

For an unforgettable snorkeling experience, head to Hanauma Bay where you can rent snorkeling gear, find an instructor and enjoy the wonders of the sea. The water close to the beach is at ankle height, making it an ideal spot for newbies or families with children while still offering beautifully colored fish and coral. More adventurous snorkelers can head to the deeper areas of the ocean.

Max’s Gym

Max’s Gym is a workout spot for gay and bisexual men. If you aren’t into pumping iron, you can still head to this gay-friendly spot to simply hangout. You must be at least 18 to enter.

Bernice Pauahi Bishop Museum

Recognized around the world for its scientific research, educational programs and extensive collections, Bernice Pauahi Bishop is Hawaii’s largest museum. Discover the history and culture of Hawaii and stop in the open-air café for a simple taste of Hawaiian cuisine.

Local Tips, Tricks & News

Oahu is the metropolitan heart of the
Hawaiian Islands
, which can be seen as an asset or a hindrance. For travelers seeking a picture-perfect tropical vacation, Honolulu’s bustling streets may not seem like the ideal Hawaiian experience, but the you can still find the right destinations that offer a peaceful respite from city life. The two mountain ranges, the Ko'olau and Waianae, have excellent hiking options while some of the smaller beach towns scattered throughout the island will provide a funky, laid-back atmosphere.

Some of the busier urban areas like Chinatown may not be completely safe after dark, so it’s best to remain vigilant of your surroundings when out and about at night. For the best Oahu experience, rent a car and take a drive through miles of pineapple fields, secluded white sand beaches and the gorgeous mountainous scenery away from the city.

Related Blog Posts

Giant Cat Brings Fun and Fortune to Waikiki

Top 10 Spring Break Accommodations & LGBT Accommodations

The Gay Scene in Oahu

With some of the best beaches, tropical climates, and fun in the sun, Oahu continues to heat up night with its gay scene. Many locals are a bit conservative, but Honolulu’s gay scene doesn’t let that stop anything.

View the Gay Scene in Oahu

Restaurants in Oahu


Honolulu is the quintessential definition of a melting pot. With virtually no extra room to expand, fast food restaurants are few and far between and good food, even if on the other side of the island, is only 1 hour drive in any given direction. With so many options and so much competition, bad restaurants get the oust and the good ones get recognition. Honolulu’s edible scene is a glorious and dynamic mix of tastes from all over the world. Here are some of our favorites... (pictured above: cuisine at Chef Chai)

View Restaurants in Oahu

Nightlife in Oahu


In the recent years Honolulu’s gay scene has transformed into a burgeoning and vibrant movement with a host of events taking place almost every night of the week. From pool parties in Waikiki to LGBT mixer’s in Chinatown, Honolulu’s gay scene is dynamic and lively and beckons to be widely recognized. plus a host of gay and gay friendly bars that court locals and tourists alike dot Waikiki and are great places to spot a friendly face and meet new people. (pictured above: Hula's Bar and Lei Stand)

View Nightlife in Oahu

Local Tips in Oahu

View Local Tips in Oahu







More about Oahu


Overview

View Hotels

The Gay Scene

Restaurants

Nightlife

Local Tips

Related Blogs


Oahu Photos:







Get the Latest Updates!







View Our Past Newsletters »


Latest Tips

Bernice Pauahi Bishop Museum

Max’s Gym

The Duluth Playhouse

Diana’s Tour

Gay Bar-Hopping Tour


Latest Blogs

Culture, Fun and EuroPride In Vienna

GayTravel Riviera Maya, Mexico

Winter Pride: Gay Ski Week Destinations 2018

We Found the Exact Time to Book Cheaper Holiday Flights

12 Things to Know About the Rockefeller Center Christmas Tree






From Our Twitter Feed








@GayTravel


This looks fo freaking fun at
@
WestinNanea
Ocean Villas, Hawaii!
twitter.com/jeff_mccallion…


1512162911
















About Us


About Us

Contact Us

Careers

Site Terms & Conditions

Media Partners

Advertise With Us!

Privacy Policy




Advertise


Why Advertise With Us?

Our Audience

Our Statistics

Banner Ads and Media Kit

List Your Business

Advertising Terms & Conditions




Explore


Gay Guides

Events


Plan


Hotels

Cruises

Tours




Jump into gay travel...

Explore videos, photos, travel tips, maps and top
gay destinations
.

Browse
cruises
&
tours
for the best gay friendly activities.

Find the most reliable information about the
best gay events
around the globe.






1-800 GAYTRAVEL

1-800-429-8728
(
503-536-7271
)


Find us on:


Twitter

Facebook

Instagram

Youtube

Pinterest

RSS



© 2017 GAYTRAVEL.COM


