









Terms of Use
















































0333 014 6269


+44 333 014 6269




0333 014 6269






English

Español

Deutsch

Français

Italiano



English















My Account /



Logout



Login

/

Sign Up








Home



Deals



Late Luxury



Corporate



About Us


Who are we

Help




Other Services


Book a Cottage

Hire a Car














Booking Terms and Conditions

General

"LateRooms" means Late Rooms Limited, a private limited company. Registered address The Peninsula Building, Victoria Place, Manchester, M4 4FB, UK. VAT registration number 223 0886 23. LateRooms acts as booking agent for the hotels and other service providers advertised on the website www.laterooms.com (the "Site"). The Site is owned, operated and provided by LateRooms. In these Terms references to 'we' or 'us' or 'our' are references to LateRooms and references to 'you' or 'your' are references to Site users and/or visitors.

By using, browsing and/or visiting the Site (either via a mobile, desktop or any other platform including personal tablets) you acknowledge that you haveread and agree to these Booking Terms and Conditions, our Website Terms of Use, and our Privacy and Cookie Policy and you expressly consent and agree to be bound by the Terms, as may be amended from time to time, and all applicable laws and regulations that govern this Site and your booking.

Please take a moment to familiarise yourself with our Terms before using the Site. They may have been amended since your last visit.
Your attention is drawn in particular to the section below called ‘Our Liability’
.If you do not agree to our Terms please do not visit our Site. The Terms shall also apply where bookings are taken via the telephone by one of our contact centre staff members.

Occasionally additional terms and conditions may apply, for example if you enter competitions or use our interactive services. Do not worry, the relevant terms and conditions will always be made clear at the time.

References to "accommodation providers" means the owner/providers of the hotels, apartments, villas and other accommodation of any description featured on the Site and "accommodation" means the accommodation including all facilities and services advertised on our Site that we have agreed to arrange in connection with your confirmed booking.

Affiliates are third parties who, in agreement with LateRooms distribute LateRooms accommodation to their customers.

Back to the top

Important Information - Our Liability

Your attention is particularly drawn to this section

LateRooms provides an online platform for you to browse and search accommodation, and acts as booking agent only in respect of bookings we make on your behalf. By booking accommodation on our Site you will be entering into a contractual relationship with the accommodation provider, we act solely as an intermediary and agent.

LateRooms shall not be liable for any losses, expenses or damages of any sort due to you as a result of the acts, errors, omissions, breaches, negligence, fraudulent intent, misleading or untrue statements, breach of contract, breach of statutory duty, wilful misconduct or any other tortious act attributable either wholly or in part to accommodation providers or any other independent business or suppliers of services who sell their products and services through us, which includes their employees, directors, officers, agents, representatives or affiliates. This means that in the event of you suffering personal injury, illness or death as a result of any act or omission of an accommodation provider or other supplier of services (or their employees or agents) or you have any complaint about the quality of the services provided or having any other complaint at all, your sole right of redress will be against the independent third party who provided such service and LateRooms will be under no liability at all (whether in contract, tort or otherwise).

You understand that we may not have conducted any quality or other checks on the accommodation providers and we make no representations about the suitability of the accommodation and/or services offered for sale through the Site. The inclusion or offering for sale of accommodation and/or services by LateRooms does not constitute an express or implied endorsement or recommendation by LateRooms of such accommodation or services. We do not guarantee the accuracy of, and disclaim liability for any inaccuracies relating to the accommodation and services offered for sale through us. We shall not be liable for any damages arising as a result of any inaccurate information or errors on our Site which relate to accommodation information. We shall not be liable to you for any losses in the event of accommodation providers overbooking, cancelling bookings in full or in part, force majeure events or any other cause beyond our or their control.

You accept that we have not in any way selected or assembled your travel arrangements for you. Your accommodation arrangements are not a package and do not fall within the meaning of The Package Travel, Package Holidays and Package Tours Regulations 1992.

By proceeding to book accommodation and/or other services through the Site or by contacting us via the phone, you accept that you will be entering into a contract with the accommodation provider on their standard terms and conditions. If they are provided, we will endeavour (but undertake no liability to do so) to make copies of the accommodation provider's terms and conditions available to you.  Please review the accommodation information for any applicable terms and conditions.

Where you, or any of the people that you are booking on behalf of, are in breach of any of the provisions of these Terms or contravention of any laws or rights of a third party, we reserve the right to cancel your booking without refund or compensation in any way and recover from you any costs incurred as a result of your behaviour.

Nothing in these Terms shall, nor shall be deemed to exclude or limit the liability of LateRooms for any death or personal injury caused as a result of our negligence, or the negligence of our employees or for fraudulent misrepresentation.

Back to the top

Accommodation information

Any information placed on the Site relating to accommodation advertised on the Site including, but without limitation; details of the accommodation, the availability of rooms at the accommodation, the price of the rooms, the facilities available at the accommodation, any accreditations afforded to the accommodation such as a star rating,  details relating to any other services advertised on the Site have been placed on the Site by accommodation and/or other service providers who are independent businesses and are not agents or employees of LateRooms or its affiliates. Such information does not constitute any advice or recommendation given by LateRooms and LateRooms shall not be held liable for inaccuracies or errors (including obvious manifest or typographical errors) in the accommodation information or any of its elements including rates and availability. These independent businesses provide the services in accordance with their own terms and conditions which may limit or exclude their liability to you.

IMPORTANT: Please note in particular that any accreditations or descriptions of quality such as a star rating have been placed on the Site by accommodation providers and not by us. We do not independently verify star ratings and the star is only indicative of what level of quality you can expect from a particular accommodation provider. For more information about star ratings, please see our
Star Rating Guide


As LateRooms acts only as a booking agent we will have no responsibility for any errors or inaccuracies in any documentation supplied by the accommodation providers.

Rates shown on our Site are per room per night, (and not per person).  It is your responsibility to check the total price before completing the booking form.  Rates are imputed onto our Site by accommodation providers and not by us.

Obvious errors and mistakes (including misprints and typographical errors) are not binding. In the event of an error or mistake being made, we or the accommodation provider reserve the right to cancel your booking and refund all monies paid (if relevant), this will be without any liability to you. We will make all reasonable effort to advise you of any cancelled bookings as soon as possible.

In the event that your booking is cancelled, please contact us and we shall reasonably assist in locating alternative accommodation. You will then have the choice of accepting the offered alternative or your booking will be cancelled with a full refund of all monies paid (if relevant).

Back to the top

Booking accommodation or other services

Important:
Unless otherwise agreed with LateRooms, our Site and the services we offer on it are made available to you for personal and non-commercial use only and you may not use the information or services on our Site for any competitive or commercial activity. You may not offer for re-sale any accommodation that appears on our Site without our express permission.

How to book accommodation or other services

Simply search for your chosen destination and dates, select your preferred accommodation provider and proceed to the final booking page. Please ensure you carefully check the dates, the price, the destination and the accommodation provider details before proceeding with your booking.

Bookings may be made by:

Clicking on the "If you prefer to book by phone" panel, dialling the LateRooms telephone number and quoting the applicable reference number listed on the Site;


or


Following the online booking procedure where applicable.



To make a booking you will be asked to submit personal information, about yourself such as your name, email address, physical address telephone number and credit card details ("Personal Information"). Whenever you provide such Personal Information, LateRooms will collate and use such Personal Information in accordance with the LateRooms "Privacy Policy", a copy of which is available
here
. Please read this in full before providing any Personal Information to LateRooms.

You hereby authorise LateRooms to process all Personal Information about you and the persons named on the booking that has been obtained in connection with your booking. Personal information shall be deemed to include, but not be limited to: any telephone numbers, fax numbers, email addresses, addresses of residences, signatures, ID or passport copies, or any other information belonging to you or your group.

The Personal Information that LateRooms collects shall be obtained, processed and transmitted in compliance with European Directives 95/46 and 2002/58, as well as any other such legislation that substitutes, complements and develops it. For more information please refer to our Privacy Policy.

In the event that you call LateRooms by telephone, or are called by LateRooms regarding your booking, calls may be recorded for monitoring and training purposes. In the event of a dispute regarding a booking, LateRooms reserves the right to review any call information.

Special requests

COTS (UK) /CRIBS (US) - please advise at the time of booking if you require a cot or crib, in order that this information is given to the accommodation provider. We cannot guarantee this request will be met. Such requests will be subject to availability and if the accommodation is unable to meet any such request, neither LateRooms, nor the accommodation, will have any liability to you in this respect. This request may only be available at an additional cost unless otherwise expressly stated in the description of the accommodation provider, and if any additional cost is applicable this should be paid by you direct to the accommodation provider.

Special access requirements:

If you have special requirements, such as needing a room with wheelchair access, please contact us before making your booking so that we can ensure that your needs can be meet. Please note that all such special requests are subject to availability and LateRooms cannot guarantee that all accommodation providers will be able to meet your needs. Once you have booked your accommodation, depending on the cancellation policy of the applicable accommodation provider, your booking may be refunded, cancelled, modified or you may be offered alternative accommodation if your request cannot be met.

Price promise:

LateRooms also offer all of our customers a price promise should you find the same accommodation available elsewhere for a cheaper rate.  For more information and the full terms and conditions attached to our price promise please follow this link -
help.laterooms.com/hc/en-gb/articles/115001406005-The-LateRooms-com-Price-Promise
.

Back to the top

Confirmation

To confirm a booking, you must be authorised to make the booking by all persons named on the booking and their parent or guardian for all party members who are under 18 when the booking is made. By making the booking, you are confirming that all persons named on the booking accept the Terms and that you will inform the other persons named on the booking of the confirmation details and any other appropriate information. By making the booking you also become responsible for making all payments due under the booking.

The display of hotel rooms for sale on our Site is an invitation to treat only.

By clicking the ‘Accept’ button you agree to these Terms. By completing and submitting the booking form you are making an offer to book temporary accommodation room nights, which if accepted by accommodation providers, will result in a binding contract made between you and the accommodation provider.

Neither completing the booking process online or making a booking via the telephone constitutes acceptance of your offer.  We will send you an email confirmation following your booking on behalf of the accommodation provider confirming acceptance of your offer and forming the legally binding contract subject to any applicable terms and conditions of these Terms.

LateRooms will never take payment; the card details requested are simply passed to the accommodation providers to secure and guarantee your booking. Your credit or debit card details may be used by some accommodation providers and/or LateRooms’ sister company, Liberate S.L.U., to carry out pre-authorisation checks.  The details may also then be used by accommodation providers to take advance payment or a cancellation fee or no show fee, if applicable. If you have booked an advance purchase rate, the accommodation provider will be allowed to charge the entire amount of the booking to the credit/debit card upon receiving the confirmation of the booking. We will only ever ask you to provide us with your card details on the secure booking form or directly on the phone to one of our contact centre staff members. You should never email your card details to us.

Where accommodation providers process your credit or debit card details in connection with the provision of a booking, they will be bound to obtain and maintain any necessary accreditation required to provide payment processing services to you and shall be obliged to operate in accordance with the standards outlined in Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (PCI-DSS) published on the website www.pcisecuritystandards.org. You acknowledge that the accommodation provider rather than LateRooms is responsible for the security of cardholder data it possesses.

Where a pre-authorisation check has been attempted and the card details provided are shown to not have sufficient funds, or the pre-authorisation fails for any other reason, the accommodation providers and/or we will attempt to contact you in order that you can provide an alternative method of payment. Should you not respond to our emails within 48 hours accommodation providers reserve the right to cancel your booking and re release your room for re sale

Back to the top

If you cancel, amend or change a booking

You may modify or cancel your booking at any time prior to your arrival date through the Site or by contacting us via telephone.

If you cancel or amend your booking, there may be a cancellation charge or amendment fee levied by the accommodation or other service provider. In any event, if you fail to cancel or amend your booking in accordance with the accommodation provider's cancellation or amendment policy, you will be charged a cancellation or amendment fee by the accommodation or other service provider. Further details of cancellation policy are set out in our email to you confirming your booking and are also shown on the hotel's room details page prior to you making a booking.

If, for whatsoever reason, you do not turn up at the accommodation on the arrival date stated on your booking confirmation email, without prior warning to LateRooms ("a no show"), this shall be considered a cancellation. Accommodation providers may charge you a cancellation fee using the credit or debit card details that you provided to use when securing your booking, which we then pass on to our accommodation provider partners.

If you fail to arrive at your accommodation on time on the day of your reservation and do not tell the accommodation provider in advance, the accommodation provider may cancel the remaining days on your reservation and you may be charged a cancellation fee, please see details in the accommodation providers’ cancellation policy for details.

The accommodation provider’s cancellation policy will continue to apply even after your arrival at your hotel. So for example, should you decide to shorten the duration of your stay, such a request will be dealt with at the discretion of the accommodation provider, and not by us in our capacity as the booking agent.   If you amend your booking in this way there may be a cancellation fee levied by the accommodation provider and you should refer to the provider’s cancellation policy for more details.

Where the accommodation provider requires a minimum stay for rooms attracting a certain price, this will be clearly stated on our Site prior to booking.

Some accommodation providers may also charge additional fees for early check in or late check out. Please check the accommodation details thoroughly for any such conditions prior to making your reservation.

Advanced purchase bookings will attract full pre-payment at the time of booking. This payment and/or bookings cannot be amended, refunded or transferred in the event of cancellation.

Back to the top

Age and responsibility

You warrant that you are 18 years of age or over and have legal capacity to use the Site and to create a legally binding contract with the relevant accommodation provider. You warrant that all Personal Information submitted during accommodation booking is correct and you accept financial responsibility for all transactions made under your name or account. You undertake that the credit or debit card you use to secure your booking is your own and that there are sufficient funds to cover the cost of the booking you make with us.  In the event that you suspect credit or debit card fraud or unauthorised use of your card by third parties, you should contact your bank or card issuer immediately.

Back to the top

Before you travel

LateRooms is not liable for damages or losses that may result from travel to any particular destination. The British Foreign and Commonwealth Office help travellers stay safe overseas. Check the government website at
https://www.gov.uk/foreign-travel-advice
for the latest advice on conditions and general information concerning specific countries before making any travel arrangements.  By displaying accommodation in particular destinations, LateRooms does not represent or warrant that travel to such destination is either advisable or risk-free.

It is your responsibility to ensure you have the relevant travel and health documents before departure for the country you are visiting, which shall include, but is not limited to, any inoculations that may be required, ID's and passport, any visa requirements. LateRooms shall not be liable for any expense incurred resulting from your missing, incomplete or incorrect documentation or any non-compliance with requirements.

Back to the top

Insurance

You are strongly advised to take out adequate travel insurance prior to arriving in your destination. It is your responsibility to check you have adequate insurance cover. The insurance should cover, amongst other things, the cost of cancellation by you, personal losses, all medical costs and the costs of assistance including return to the UK in the event of an accident or illness.

Back to the top

Force Majeure

LateRooms.com will not be liable for any changes, cancellation, effect on your booking, loss or damage suffered by you or for any failure by the accommodation providers and/or LateRooms to perform or properly perform any of our respective obligations to you which is due to any event(s) or circumstance(s) if the non performance is caused by force majeure. By way of example force majeure includes, but is not limited to, war, revolution, terrorist act, closure of borders, epidemic, natural catastrophe or other causes that seriously affect both parties and other unforeseeable causes beyond LateRooms' control.

Back to the top

Complaints or issues with your accommodation

In the unlikely event that you have reason to complain or experience any problems with your accommodation please inform the accommodation reception staff or management immediately, to enable them to take appropriate action.  As stated above, accommodation providers (and not LateRooms) are responsible for the information they upload to our Site including descriptions of the accommodation and/or services offered.  If you think that the accommodation does not match the description you saw on the Site please address your complaints to the accommodation staff during your stay.

Back to the top

Foreign Exchange Rates

Currency rates are based on various publicly available sources and are only updated daily; as such they cannot be guaranteed as completely accurate and should be used as guidelines only. Actual rates may vary and you may wish to verify these with a qualified professional. When the payment is made in a currency other than the one used by accommodation providers, please be advised that variations in the applicable exchange rate may trigger a variation in the price to be, or actually, paid.

Back to the top

Legislation and Courts of Jurisdiction

This agreement and these Terms will be governed by English law and any disputes will be dealt with exclusively by the English courts.

Back to the top

Miscellaneous

You agree that financial compensation alone may not be adequate for us if there is a breach or threatened breach of our Terms and that we are entitled to seek all remedies available to us.  Each right or remedy of you and us in respect of these Terms shall not affect any other right or remedy of us whether under these Terms or otherwise. The rights and remedies provided under this agreement are in addition to, and not exclusive of, any rights or remedies provided by law.

In the event that any provision of these Terms is found by a court or administrative body to be unenforceable, that provision shall not be a part of these Terms and the remaining provisions shall continue to apply.

Nothing under the Terms shall give rights to any person who is not a party to it (whether under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999) or otherwise.

If you or LateRooms waive any rights in result of a breach or default under, any part of these Terms by the other will not be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach or default. Further it will not affect the other Terms unless expressly confirmed in writing by the party waiving its rights.

LateRooms reserves the right to change our Terms at any time. We shall post such updated Terms on our Site and your continued use of our Site shall be deemed acceptance of such updated Terms.

Our Site booking services are available in English, Spanish, French, Italian and German. The original English version of these Terms may have been translated into other languages. The translated versions of these Terms are provided as a courtesy and for information purposes only.  In the event of a dispute or conflict between the English version of these Terms and any other language versions, the English version shall prevail and shall be conclusive and binding.  The English version shall be used in legal proceedings.

Back to the top

Website Terms and Conditions

General

"LateRooms" means Late Rooms Limited, a private limited company. Registered address The Peninsula Building, Victoria Place, Manchester, M4 4FB, UK. VAT registration number 223 0886 23.  LateRooms acts as a booking agent for the hotels and other service providers advertised on the website www.laterooms.com (the "Site"). In these Terms references to ‘we’ or ‘us’ or ‘our’ are references to LateRooms and references to ‘you’ or ‘your’ are references to Site users and/or visitors.

By using, browsing and/or visiting the Site (either via a mobile, desktop or any other platform including personal tablets) you acknowledge that you have read and agree to these Website Terms of Use, our Booking Terms and Conditions, and our Privacy and Cookie Policy ("the Terms") and you expressly consent and agree to be bound by the Terms, as may be amended from time to time, and all applicable laws and regulations that govern this Site and your booking.

Please take a moment to familiarise yourself with our Terms before using the Site. They may have been amended since your last visit. Your attention is drawn in particular to the section below called ‘Our Liability’. If you do not agree to our Terms please do not visit our Site.

References to "accommodation providers" means the owner/providers of the hotels, apartments, villas and other accommodation of any description featured on this Site and "accommodation" means the accommodation including all facilities and services advertised on our Site that we have agreed to arrange in connection with your confirmed booking.

Affiliates are third parties who, in agreement with LateRooms distribute LateRooms accommodation to their customers.

Access to our Site

LateRooms grants you access to our Site on a temporary basis. We may change the arrangements for access to, or even withdraw access to our Site on a temporary or permanent basis at some point in the future and reserve the right to do so, without telling you in advance.

Because of the nature of the internet, we cannot guarantee that our Site will be uninterrupted or that you will always be able to gain reliable access to our Site and we make no guarantees as to its operation, functionality or otherwise.   It remains your responsibility for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to our Site.

Terms of Use and Site Use

LateRooms may suspend access to the Site, due to maintenance, security reasons or force majeure with no obligation to reimburse or compensate you for the period in which access was suspended. Access to the Site is strictly controlled by LateRooms and LateRooms reserves the right to change, modify, substitute or suspend or remove without notice, any information or service from time to time.

LateRooms is the owner or licensee of all intellectual property rights on our Site and in material published on it, including the “look and feel” of our Site. These rights are protected by laws and treaties around the world including, but not limited to copyright, design rights, database rights and trade mark laws.

LateRooms is the owner of several trademarks. Except where permitted by applicable law, these Terms of Use and Site Use, or otherwise set out on our Site, you may not use such trade marks without our prior written permission.

Other than personally identifiable information or sensitive information, which is covered under the Privacy Policy, any material you transmit or post to LateRooms shall be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary.

You may save one short cut desktop link on your computer, tablet, mobile or other device, to our Site
homepage
.

You may download one copy of Site content for your own personal and non-commercial use but you may not remove any trademark, copyright or other proprietary notice. You may not otherwise copy, modify, reproduce, sell, lease, market or distribute the content placed on the Site without the prior written consent of LateRooms. You must not use illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics from our Site separately from any accompanying text. You must not remove any indications of ownership from any materials which came from our Site. Where there are no indications of ownership you must acknowledge our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of the material and must not claim it as your own or as that of another. You may only use this Site to make legitimate enquiries or bookings for yourself or another person for whom you are legally authorised to act.

You shall not:


post, transmit or disseminate any information on or via this Site which is or may be harmful, obscene, threatening, deceptive, degrading, defamatory or otherwise illegal, or may cause an infringement of the rights of any other;

make any other unauthorised, false or fraudulent booking;

make any bookings or reservations on this Site with the purpose of reselling such booking or reservation to or for the benefit of a third party;

use any software, routine or device to interfere or attempt to interfere electronically or manually with the operation or functionality of this Site including, but not limited to, uploading or making available files containing corrupt data or viruses via whatever means;

deface, alter or interfere with the appearance and layout of this Site, any documents or materials which appear on our Site or the underlying software code;

take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on this Site or related infrastructure;

use the whole or any part of our Site or its contents for any commercial or money-making purpose;

access parts of the Site which are not intended for public use;

attempt to disrupt or interfere with our Site in any way or with another person’s use of our Site, or use our Site as a means of disrupting or interfering with other Sites;

probe, scan or test the vulnerability of our Site or any network connected to it;

use any device to obtain any personal or confidential information through our Site;

impersonate any person or entity or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity;

deep-link to, copy, monitor, display, download or reproduce any part of our Site (without our express permission to do so).


All of the above are forbidden regardless of the means used, including but not limited to, hacking or by the introduction of any worms, Trojans, viruses, unauthorised, malicious or harmful code or other harmful software. Some of the acts described above may be criminal acts under the Computer Misuse Act 1990.

Without prejudice to any of LateRooms's other rights, LateRooms reserves the right to deny access to this Site and/or cancel bookings and/or remove any postings or material uploaded by you to our Site and/or take legal proceedings against you for the reimbursement of all costs wherever and whenever LateRooms believes (at LateRooms’s absolute discretion) that you are in breach of any of the LateRooms Terms. In certain circumstances we may also give information to law enforcement authorities.

Back to the top

Site content

LateRooms may modify the content of the Site and/or Terms at any time, and such modification shall be effective immediately upon posting of the modified content and/or Terms on the Site and your continued use of or access to this Site will be deemed to indicate your acceptance of the modified content and/or Terms.

We use reasonable efforts to ensure that our Site is free of viruses, however, because of the nature of the internet and viruses and similar malicious code, we cannot and do not guarantee that it is. Please take care and remember it is your responsibility to protect your computer, tablet or mobile device against viruses and ensure that you log off shared computers after use. It is always wise for you to run an anti-virus programme on all content and materials downloaded from the Internet in general and the Site in particular.

LateRooms is not responsible for pricing, typographical, or other errors on its Site.

Back to the top

Your Privacy

Retaining your trust is a responsibility that we take very seriously. We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our Site visitors. Our Privacy Policy  sets out what personal information we collect about you, how we will use it, and how we will protect it.

Back to the top

Links and Downloads

LateRooms may provide hyperlinks or pointers to other websites maintained by third parties which LateRooms think may be of interest to visitors of the Site. Such other websites are not under the control of LateRooms or maintained by LateRooms and we are not responsible for the content of such websites. LateRooms provides these links for your convenience only but does not monitor or endorse the material on them. LateRooms cannot accept any liability whatsoever and howsoever arising in relation to any such other websites (including, by way of example, any inability to access or delay in accessing any such other website) or in relation to any material or information appearing on them or which you may otherwise come across after leaving the Site by way of a hypertext link or any other means or for any services or facilities of any description which you may book through or via any such website.

Back to the top

Your Account

You must provide a valid email address and any other information requested during the account signup process in order to obtain an account. You must ensure that all account information remains complete and accurate. When your Account has been created you will be able to access it from any platform (i.e. via the Site, our App or via Mobile Access). If you choose to access your Account on the App, our App Terms and Conditions will apply when you download and use the App.

You are responsible for all activities conducted using your account or user details. Please let us know as soon as possible if you think someone is making or might make unauthorised use of your account or user details.  LateRooms may in its own discretion monitor your account from time to time and may permanently or temporarily disable accounts at any time.

We may also permanently or temporarily disable your account, or issue you with a new account or user details, if we know of or suspect any actual or potential breach of security.

Back to the top

Mobile Access

This section applies when you access our Site using a mobile or tablet application such as a version of this Site optimised for use on mobile or tablet devices ("Mobile Access "). If you do not agree to be bound by this section of our Terms you may not use or access the Mobile Access facilities and should, if applicable, delete any mobile or tablet application used for Mobile Access.

Mobile Access is data intensive.  You are responsible for any carrier or other data charges incurred when using Mobile Access and LateRooms will not be liable for any charges you incur.  We recommend you check with your network provider if you are unsure of the charges that may apply.

Mobile Access will use your device's cellular and/or Wi-Fi connection to synchronise content on the Mobile Access with the information on our Site.

LateRooms has no control over your device's network connection, and we therefore cannot represent or warrant that any information (including accommodation availability and prices) is correct or up to date. In the event of any discrepancy, content and prices published on the Site will take precedence.

Mobile Access is only available in English.

Back to the top

Our Liability

Your attention is particularly drawn to this section.

Nothing in these terms shall, nor shall be deemed to exclude our liability for any death or personal injury caused as a result of our negligence, or the negligence of our employees or for fraudulent misrepresentation.

Subject to the preceding paragraph LateRooms shall not be liable for any losses, expenses or damages of any sort due to you as a result of the acts, errors, omissions, breaches, negligence, fraudulent intent, misleading or untrue statements, wilful misconduct or any other tortious act attributable either wholly or in part to accommodation providers or any other independent business which includes their employees, directors, officers, agents, representatives or any other person connected to them.

While we will use reasonable care and skill to ensure that the information provided on our Site is accurate, no guarantees for the accuracy of information are made. LateRooms’s website including information relating to products and services (or to third party affiliate information, products and services), is provided ‘as is’. It is provided without any representation or endorsement made and without warranty of any kind, whether express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, compatibility, security and accuracy.

LateRooms shall not be liable for any damages arising as a result of any inaccurate information or errors on our Site relating to accommodation information, including but not limited to details of accommodation providers and their availability of rooms, price of accommodation, accommodation facilities, any accreditations afforded to the information and/or service providers who are independent businesses and are not agents or employees of LateRooms and or any of its  group companies.

LateRooms shall not be liable to you for any losses in the event of accommodation providers overbooking, cancelling of bookings in full or in part, force majeure events or any other cause beyond our or their control. We act only as an information provider.

LateRooms will not be liable to you for any of the following:


Because the information you put into our Site is inaccurate or incomplete;

Because we have changed the arrangement for access to, denied you access to or closed or suspended our Site;

Because of interrupted and/or unreliable access to our Site or because you cannot use our Site at any time where the cause is beyond our reasonable control;

Because you have connected to any linked third party websites;

Because you have breached our Terms;

Any unauthorised access to or loss of personal information that is beyond our reasonable control or where we have not been negligent;

Because of a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that infects your computer, tablet or mobile device, computer programs, data or other items because you used our Site or downloaded material from it.


LateRooms shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special or consequential damages, nor any loss of profit, loss of production, loss of revenue, or damage to goodwill or reputation arising out of, or in any way connected with, your use of this Site or with your inability to use this Site.

Back to the top

Accessibility and navigating this website

LateRooms takes responsibility for making accessible web content and software seriously. LateRooms is committed to developing software products that promote accessibility for people with disabilities and meet current accessibility standards, including those defined by Section 508 website of the U.S. Rehabilitation Act and the W3C's Web Content Accessibility Guidelines.

LateRooms is actively engaged in the ongoing process of testing our products and Site for compliance with current accessibility standards 1.0.

At LateRooms we are working hard to provide access to services and information that are helpful to all our customers. Many Internet users with disabilities find web sites difficult to use simply because of the way they are designed. This Site has been designed to be as accessible as possible and to be compatible with the types of adaptive technology used by people with disabilities, including screen readers.

On this Site you can control the size of the text, the colours and the style sheets, dependent upon the functionality of your browser.

To navigate through this Site once you have gone beyond the homepage, please use the menu at the top of each page.

You may change the font size of this document to your preference through your browser by doing the following:-



In Internet Explorer, select View, then Text Size, and then your preferred size; or

If you are using an alternative browser, please refer to the specific browser instructions.



You may import your own style sheet into this Site by doing the following:-.



In Internet Explorer select tools, then Internet Options, and then accessibility. Next click on any or all of three checkboxes to ignore colours, font styles or font sizes. In the same window you can change your stylesheet by clicking the checkbox
                    that says, 'format document using my stylesheet' then simply browse to your style sheet and click ok;


or


If you are using an alternative browser, please refer to the specific browser instructions.



We have tested this Site thoroughly and are always keen to improve our accessibility tools. We would like to know if you have found this Site accessible or if you have had any problems. Please email admin@laterooms.com with any queries or comments or call (+44) (0) 870 735 0279.

Back to the top

Legislation and Courts of Jurisdiction

These Terms will be governed by English law and any disputes will be dealt with exclusively by the English courts.

If the Site is accessed outside of England we make no representation that the Site or its content is available or otherwise suitable for use outside England. Should you choose to access or use the Site outside England this is entirely at your own risk, and you shall be responsible for


ensuring that what you are doing in your country of origin is legal; and

the consequences and compliance by you with all applicable laws, regulations, byelaws, codes of practice, licences, registrations, permits and authorisations (including any laws that relate to businesses providing services).


Back to the top

Miscellaneous

Our Site booking services are available in English, Spanish, French, Italian and Dutch. The original English version of these Terms may have been translated into other languages. The translated versions of these Terms are provided as a courtesy and for information purposes only.  In the event of a dispute or conflict between the English version of these Terms and any other language versions, the English version shall prevail and shall be conclusive and binding.  The English version shall be used in legal proceedings.

You agree that financial compensation alone may not be adequate for us if there is a breach or threatened breach of our Terms and that we are entitled to seek all remedies available to us.  Each right or remedy of you and us in respect of these Terms shall not affect any other right or remedy of us whether under these Terms or otherwise.

In the event that any provision of these Terms is found by a court or administrative body to be unenforceable, that provision shall not be a part of these Terms and the remaining provisions shall continue to apply.

LateRooms shall not be responsible if we are unable to perform our obligations due to events which are genuinely beyond our reasonable control.

Nothing under the Terms shall give rights to any person who is not a party to it (whether under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999) or otherwise.

If you or LateRooms waive any rights in result of a breach or default under, any part of these Terms by the other will not be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach or default. Further it will not affect the other Terms unless expressly confirmed in writing by the party waiving its rights.

LateRooms reserves the right to change our Terms at any time. We shall post such updated Terms on our Site and your continued use of our Site shall be deemed acceptance of such updated Terms.

Back to the top

LateRooms.com privacy policy

We understand that making purchases online involves your trust. Retaining your trust is a responsibility that we take very seriously. We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; this policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.

By disclosing your personal information to us by using our website or over the telephone, you consent to the collection, storage and processing of your personal information as stated in this policy.

The personal information that we collect from you shall be obtained, processed and transmitted in compliance with applicable data protection legislation. Since our servers are located in the United Kingdom, the personal information that we collect from you shall be obtained, processed and transmitted in compliance with European Directives 95/46 and 2002/58, as well as any other such legislation that replaces, substitutes, complements and develops it such as the Data Protection Act 1998 from the United Kingdom.

"Personal Information" means information that relates to a living individual who can be identified from that information or from that information together with other information which is held by or is likely to be held by us.

Back to the top

(1) What personal information do we collect?

We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:


information that you provide by filling in any booking forms or other forms on our website or which you give us over the telephone, including your name, (home or office) address, date of birth, (business or private) email address, (mobile, home or office) telephone number, credit card details (i.e. credit card type and number, CVC code, expiration date, credit card holder name) and to the extent available, reservation preferences and smoking preferences;

information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website including where you have clicked on any of our advertising links or banners, (including your IP address, geographical location, browser/platform type and version, Internet Service Provider (ISP) and (for users of our service through a mobile device) Unique Device Identifier, operating system, referral source/exit pages, length of visit, page views, website navigation, date/time stamp information and details like the number and location of (mouse) clicks on a given page, mouse movements, scrolling activity and the (search) words you use and the text you type while being on and using our website);

information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us;

information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website services, email/SMS notifications and/or newsletters; and

any other information that you choose to send to us.


We may also ask you to complete surveys and/or provide feedback on our website or services (including via carefully selected third party service provider, such as Feefo), although you do not have to respond to them. If you do respond to them, our third party service providers will provide us with the results.

Back to the top

(2) Information about other people

If you provide information to us about any person other than yourself, you must ensure that they understand how their information will be used and that you are authorised to disclose it to us, and consent its use on their behalf, before doing so.

Back to the top

(3) Cookies and Web Beacons

A cookie consists of information sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.

We use both "session" cookies and "short-term" cookies on the website. We will use the session cookies for such purposes as to keep track of you whilst you navigate the website. We will use the short-term cookies for such purposes as to enable our website to recognise you when you visit.

Session cookies will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser. Short-term cookies will remain stored on your computer for a period of 30 days.

In addition to this, we use web analytics services provided by Google, Inc ("Google"). Google uses cookies, to help analyse how visitors use our website. The information generated by the cookie about the use of our website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our website, compiling reports on website activity for us and providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.

We also work with advertising partners to serve ads that we believe are most likely to be of interest to you, based on information about your visit to this and other websites (this information is anonymous in that it does not include your name, street address, e-mail address or telephone number). In order to do this, our advertising partners may need to place a cookie (a small text file) on your computer. For more information about this type of online behavioural advertising, about cookies, and about how to turn this feature off, please visit
www.youronlinechoices.com
.

Most browsers allow you to reject all cookies, whilst some browsers allow you to reject just third party cookies. For example, in Internet Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking "Tools", "Internet Options", "Privacy", and selecting "Block all cookies" using the sliding selector. Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites, including this one. More information about cookies can be found at
www.allaboutcookies.org

Below is a detailed list of the cookies that we use on this website, including those cookies that are essential for the website to operate.




Our Cookies



Category/ Type

Cookie Name

Purpose





Vital site functionality



Session





Lateroomsprofile





This cookie notes customer data such as your preferred language/currency/country and it is critical for the website to work.







Vital site functionality



Session





Search





This cookie ensure your search preferences are stored so that the website remembers what you are searching for, such as number of nights, children, adults, arrival date, etc. and it is critical for the website to work.







Site Analytics



Session





ASP.NET_SessionId





This cookie retains the your current session so that you can return to the website if you encounter a browser issue and then are still be able to make a booking.







Vital site functionality



Short-Term





Partner Cookies





These cookies are used to identify which partner has referred a user when they have arrived on the website via a link from a partner site.  This cookie is placed by the partner site prior to arriving on the website.  This enables us to identify
                                    referral customers and remunerate partners and is vital to the functioning of the affiliate referral program.





Third Party Analytics and Other Cookies



Category

Third Party

Purpose and Further Information





Site Analytics





Google





ensures that the website is fully functional and optimised to create the best possible user experience.



To opt-out of receiving these cookies please see Google's privacy policy at:


http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html


or visit


http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout


.







Site Analytics





Maxymiser





These are cookies that are used to analyse a user’s actions and behaviours on our website through conversion optimization solutions so we can understand how you are using the website. This provides us with information to ensure the best possible user
                                    experience.










Third Party Marketing Cookies



Category

Third Party

Purpose and Further Information





Marketing - Search





Adobe





These third party cookies allow us to monitor the effectiveness of our search marketing campaigns on Google, Yahoo and Bing. This means we can make the adverts more useful to you by providing you with content that is timely and relevant.

To

opt-out of receiving



these cookies please follow this link:


http://www.efrontier.com/optout-page








Marketing - Targeted





Criteo Display / Email




Display

These third party cookies allow us to single out and deliver personalised adverts to you (after you have left LateRooms.com via desktop and mobile site) that show you the best hotel deals based on your browsing behaviour, as well as any other recommendations for you.  This means that you will be shown deals that you may have missed without having to search the site again. This is called personalised remarketing, a common online advertising practice and does not collect any personal data.

To learn more or opt-out of receiving these cookies please follow this link:

http://www.criteo.com/en/privacy-policy/opt-out



Email

To personalise ads throughout your online experience (web, email and in-app), cookies are placed through emails.

To learn more or disable please follow this link:

http://privacy.criteoemail.com/gb/privacy-policy.html








Marketing - Targeted





ClickTripz





These third party cookies allow us to show you adverts from selected third party providers to you (when you are on LateRooms.com) about their products and services. This is called online behavioural advertising, a common online advertising
                                    practice and does not collect any personal data.







Marketing - Targeted





Captify Display / Video / Mobile





These third party cookies allow us to single out and deliver personalised adverts to you (after you have left LateRooms.com via desktop and mobile site). These are to enhance your online advertising experience by showing you personalised adverts for products we think you might like, based on your recent browsing history. In practice, you search for a product online, explore your various options and continue to surf the web. As you surf the web, Captify shows you adverts directly related to the product you searched for. With Captify’s service, the advertisements you see online should be more relevant to you than the ads you would see without Captify.

To learn more please follow this link:

http://www.captify.co.uk/privacy-policy/



To opt out of receiving these cookies please follow this link:

http://www.captify.co.uk/opt-out/









Marketing – Display Banners




These third party cookies allow us to monitor the effectiveness of our online banner marketing campaigns on Doubleclick (Google), Yahoo, Xaxis, Yahoo, Bing and Flashtalking amongst others. This means we can make the adverts more useful
                            to you by providing you with content that is timely and relevant. We also use these cookies to ensure we are not serving a high volume of ads to you.

To opt-out of receiving these cookies please follow these links:


http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/index.aspx



http://info.yahoo.com/privacy/uk/yahoo/cookies



http://www.flashtalking.com/intelligent.html
(follow the link in the bottom right)


http://www.xaxis.com/uk
(follow the link in the bottom right)

http://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/fullnotice.mspx

You can also opt-out of receiving other third party marketing cookies by following this link:


http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices






Some of our Website pages and HTML-formatted e-mail newsletters may use web beacons in conjunction with cookies to compile aggregate statistics about website usage. A Web beacon is an electronic image, called a single-pixel (1x1) or clear GIF and are used like cookies to recognize certain types of information on your computer, such as your cookie number, time and date of a page view, and a description of the page where the web beacon is placed.

Back to the top

(4) Using your personal information

Personal information submitted to us via this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website.

We may use your personal information to:


manage and administer the website;

improve your browsing experience by personalising the website;

enable your use of the services available on the website including providing you with login in details so you may access details of your bookings;

manage, administer, mediate and contract the services offered by us via the website and/or our call centre;

manage, administer, mediate and contract your bookings made through the website and/or our call-centre;

send you general (non-marketing) commercial communications including communications about any important changes to the website;

send you surveys or feedback questionnaires we (or our appointed third party service providers on our behalf, such as Feefo) may ask you to complete;

send you email notifications confirming your bookings made via the website and/or our call centre and any other email notifications you have specifically requested;

contact you by post, telephone, email or SMS with information on our latest news and updates including details of our, our group companies’ or our affiliated partners’, goods and services, special offers, discounts or promotions, details of new products or services and forthcoming events or competitions offered by us, unless you have opted out of receiving such information by ticking the relevant box on the booking form or any other applicable page on the Website (you can also inform us at any time if you do not wish to receive emails by simply clicking on the unsubscribe link contained in the email or text STOP to the short code in the SMS );

provide third parties with statistical information about our users – but this information will not be used to identify any individual user;

deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the website, your bookings and/or the services offered by us or our suppliers;

to analyse and improve the services offered on our website and to provide you with the most user-friendly navigation experience. We may also use and disclose information in aggregate for marketing and strategic development purposes;

send you an email inviting you to leave a guest review on the website following your stay; and

deliver marketing and advertising to you that show services and deals that we think you will be interested in including via targeted advertising on third party websites and/or platforms.


Where you submit personal information for publication on our website, we will publish and otherwise use that information in accordance with the license you grant to us.

We may monitor, record, store and use any telephone, email or other communication with you for monitoring purposes, in order to check any instructions given to us by you, for staff training purposes, for crime prevention and to improve the quality of our customer service.

We will not provide your personal information to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing by such third party.

You expressly agree to such uses of personal information.

Back to the top

(5) Disclosures

We may disclose information about you to any of our employees, officers, agents, suppliers, partners or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes as set out in this privacy policy or whom we have appointed to process information on our behalf or manage aspects of our website or marketing communications. Please note we must disclose information about you to the relevant suppliers of your travel arrangements.

In addition, we may disclose your personal information:


to the extent that we are required to do so by law;

in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;

in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);

to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset which we are (or are contemplating) selling; and

to any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information.


Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.

You expressly agree to such disclosures of personal information.

Back to the top

(6) International data transfers

Information that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which we and/or our suppliers operate in order to enable us to use the information in accordance with this privacy policy.

Information which you provide may be transferred to countries which do not have data protection laws equivalent to those in force in the European Economic Area (EEA), in particular where your booking destination is outside the EEA. Please note, if we cannot pass this information to the relevant accommodation and/or service providers, whether in the EEA or not, we cannot provide the services to you.

Information may be transferred to companies contracted by us to perform services in connection with this website who are based outside the EEA including in the United States, where we have entered into contracts with such organisations that provide an adequate level of protection.

In addition, personal information that you submit for publication on the website as a review will be published on the internet and may be available, via the internet, around the world.  We cannot prevent the use or misuse of such information by others.

You expressly agree to such transfers of personal information.

Back to the top

(7) Security of your personal information

Please note that, in accordance with European personal data protection laws, we will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.

Of course, data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.

You are responsible for keeping your password and user details confidential. We will not ask you for your password (except when you log in to the website).

Back to the top

(8) Policy amendments

We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website.  You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes.  Your continued use of the website shall constitute your agreement and acceptance of the changes to this policy.

Back to the top

(9) Your rights

You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you. Provision of such information will be subject to:


the payment of a fee (currently fixed at £10.00); and

the supply of appropriate evidence of your identity (for this purpose, we will usually accept a photocopy of your passport certified by a solicitor or bank plus an original copy of a utility bill showing your current address).


We may withhold such personal information to the extent permitted by law.

You may instruct us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes by email at any time. In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes.

Back to the top

(10) Third party websites

The website contains, and our email communications may contain, links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites including use of cookies on such third party websites and you should prefer to the third party’s privacy policy for more information.

Back to the top

(11) Updating information

Please let us know if the personal information which we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.

Back to the top

(12) Contact

If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal information, please contact us here or by post to Late Rooms Ltd, The Peninsula Building, Victoria Place, Manchester, M4 4FB.

Back to the top

(13) Data controller

The data controller responsible in respect of the information collected on this website is Late Rooms Limited, whose registered office address is The Peninsula Building, Victoria Place, Manchester, M4 4FB, UK.

Our data protection registration number is Z8168511.

Updated September 2015

Back to the top

Terms of Use and Site Use

We have tested this website thoroughly and are always keen to improve our accessibility tools. We would like to know if you have found this website accessible or if you have had any problems. Please email admin@laterooms.com with any queries or comments or call 0870 735 0279.

To the maximum extent permitted by law, LateRooms.com disclaims all implied warranties with regard to the information, services and materials contained on this Site. All such information, services and materials are provided "as is" and "as available" without warranty of any kind.

Back to the top

Site Use

LateRooms.com may suspend access to the website, due to maintenance works, net security reasons or force majeure with no obligation to reimburse or compensate you for the period in which access was suspended.

Access to the Site is strictly controlled by LateRooms.com and LateRooms.com reserves the right to change, modify, substitute or suspend or remove without notice any information or service from time to time.

You may download one copy of the content of the Site for your own personal use but you may not in so doing remove any trademark, copyright or other proprietary notice. You may not otherwise copy, modify, reproduce, sell, lease, market or distribute the content placed on the Site without the prior written consent of LateRooms.com.

You may only use this website to make legitimate enquiries or bookings for yourself or another person for whom you are legally authorised to act.
You shall not:


post, transmit or disseminate any information on or via this website which is or may be harmful, obscene, defamatory or otherwise illegal, or may cause an infringement of the rights of any other;

make any other unauthorised, false or fraudulent booking;

use any software, routine or device to interfere or attempt to interfere electronically or manually with the operation or functionality of this website including, but not limited to, uploading or making available files containing corrupt data or viruses via whatever means;

deface, alter or interfere with the appearance and layout of this website or the underlying software code;

take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on this website or related infrastructure;


Without prejudice to any of LateRooms.com's other rights, LateRooms.com reserves the right to deny access to this website and/or cancel bookings wherever and whenever LateRooms.com believes (at LateRooms.com absolute discretion) that you are in breach of any of the LateRooms.com Terms.

Back to the top

Links and downloads

LateRooms.com may provide hyperlinks or pointers to other websites maintained by third parties which LateRooms.com think may be of interest to visitors of the Site. Such other websites are not under the control of LateRooms.com or maintained by LateRooms.com and we are not responsible for the content of such websites. LateRooms.com provides these links for your convenience only but does not monitor or endorse the material on them. LateRooms.com cannot accept any liability whatsoever and howsoever arising in relation to any such other websites (including , by way of example, any inability to access or delay in accessing any such other website) or in relation to any material or information appearing on them or which you may otherwise come across after leaving the Site by way of a hypertext link or any other means or for any services or facilities of any description which you may book through or via any such website.

It is always wise for you to run an anti-virus programme on all content and materials downloaded from the Internet in general and the Site in particular.

Back to the top

Accessibility and navigating this website

LateRooms.com takes our responsibility for making accessible web content and software seriously. LateRooms.com is committed to developing software products that promote accessibility for people with disabilities and meet current accessibility standards, including those defined by Section 508 website of the U.S. Rehabilitation Act and the W3C's Web Content Accessibility Guidelines.

LateRooms.com is actively engaged in the ongoing process of testing our products and website for compliance with current accessibility standards 1.

At LateRooms.com we are working hard to provide access to services and information that are helpful to all our customers. Many Internet users with disabilities find web sites difficult to use simply because of the way they are designed. This website has been designed to be as accessible as possible and to be compatible with the types of adaptive technology used by people with disabilities, including screen readers.

On this website you can control the size of the text, the colours and the stylesheets, dependant upon the functionality of your browser.

To navigate through this website once you have gone beyond the homepage, please use the menu at the top of each page.

Back to the top

Font sizes and stylesheets

You may change the font size of this document to your preference through your browser by doing the following:-


In Internet Explorer, select View, then Text Size, and then your preferred size; or

If you are using an alternative browser, please refer to the specific browser instructions.


You may import your own stylesheet into this website by doing the following:-.


In Internet Explorer select tools, then Internet Options, and then accessibility. Next click on any or all of three checkboxes to ignore colours, font styles or font sizes. In the same window you can change your stylesheet by clicking the checkbox that says, 'format document using my stylesheet' then simply browse to your stylesheet and click ok;

In Netscape select Edit, then Preferences, and then Appearance. You will then be given the choice to specify your own colours and fonts; or

If you are using an alternative browser, please refer to the specific browser instructions.


Back to the top

​Terms and Conditions of Hotel Reviews & Posting

You agree to post reviews and contributions in accordance with the following terms and conditions (“the Terms”). LateRooms reserves the right to vary the Terms from time to time and the Terms published at the time of browsing shall be those in effect.

Hotel Reviews

Only the opinions of a person, or people, who have actually stayed at the hotel(s) concerned may be submitted. You must accept all liability for the contents of all postings made by you, or on your behalf.

Please be aware that the hotel which you review will receive a preview of your comments 2 days prior to them appearing on the website. The hotelier may request your booking reference number in order to address your comments. In some circumstances this may affect your anonymity, but only with regard to the hotel you are reviewing. Your review may be withheld for up to fourteen days while LateRooms vet your comments prior to posting.

We will review all submissions for basic profanities and vulgar language and we reserve the right to remove (or not publish) comments at our discretion. We also reserve the right to identify you in response to a court order, threat of legal action or complaint.

If you believe that there is a review on LateRooms.com that should be removed due to the fact that it may offend or be illegal, please let us know and we will investigate and take action if appropriate.

Please be advised that any review that you post on LateRooms.com may be shared across all websites operated by Late Rooms Ltd and may be distributed to selected LateRooms partner websites.

Please be aware the name and location you choose in the reviews form will be displayed alongside your review.

Any review submitted by, or on behalf of you, must not:


Make any comment that is inappropriate, using defamatory, vulgar, obscene or abusive language.

Send or transmit any file that may contain viruses or any material that could in any way harm another person’s computer.

Contain any advertising.

Disclose somebody’s personal identity or details.

Contain any illegal material or material that you are not authorised to submit.


Contributors under the age of 18 should get the permission of a parent or guardian before submitting any review or contribution.

Back to the top

Terms and Conditions of Posting

By submitting your reviews, photographs and/or videos, you agree to give LateRooms a perpetual, royalty free, world-wide, sub-licensable licence to use, reproduce and publish all photographs and/or videos ("the/your Contribution") for any purpose and in any medium whatsoever. You permit your Contribution to be used on LateRooms’ website. Provided your Contribution is not in any way treated in a derogatory manner, you agree that there will be no restrictions on how your Contribution is displayed, linked and used. In addition, you agree that LateRooms may itself or allow a third party to reproduce, display, transmit, distribute or otherwise exploit your Contribution or any portion thereof, in any manner, including, without limitation, print or electronic reproduction, publication or any other display.

You warrant that you are the legal and beneficial owner of the Contribution and you are entitled to grant this licence to LateRooms. As the owner of the Contribution, you further warrant to LateRooms that the Contribution is original to yourself, and that the grant of this licence (and LateRooms’ use of the Contribution) is not a violation or infringement of any existing copyright or licence or of any other right of any other person or party whatsoever and that you have obtained the prior written consent of anyone appearing in your contribution for reproduction by LateRooms and any photographs and/or videos including images of children under the age of 16 must be accompanied by permission of a parent or guardian.

You undertake to fully indemnify LateRooms against any and all claims, any loss, damage or costs, including any legal costs properly incurred, occasioned to LateRooms in consequence of any breach of these warranties or arising out of any claim alleging that your Contribution constitutes a breach of this warranty.

You agree that LateRooms shall not be under any obligation to include your name against the Contribution or elsewhere on its website. Accordingly, you hereby agree to waive your moral rights to be identified as owner of your Contribution.

LateRooms reserves the right not to publish and to remove Contributions from this website without notice after publication at LateRooms’ sole discretion.

Back to the top

Disclaimers

Publication of reviews and content on the website does not signify that LateRooms agrees or affirms any of the content of the reviews or Contributions.

LateRooms shall not be in any way responsible or liable for reliance by users on any information that is obtained from the reviews or Contributions and LateRooms does not make any representation or warranty, either express or implied as to the accuracy or reliability of any information or content that is published on this forum.

Back to the top

Reviews and Content Guidelines

You agree to post Contributions in accordance with the following Guidelines. We will not publish a Contribution unless it follows these Guidelines. These Guidelines are not exhaustive and LateRooms reserves the right to vary them from time to time and the Guidelines published at the time of browsing shall be those in effect.


Format requirements - We will only accept images in a .jpg, .jpeg, .gif or .png format. We will not accept images smaller than 430 x 322 or files larger than 5MB

No unlawful or objectionable content - this means your Contribution should not contain images, words, actions or content that is or may be considered unlawful, defamatory, libellous, abusive, racially or sexually offensive or obscene

Original - content of Contributions should not infringe the intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights of others that shall include copyright, trademark, privacy or trade secrets

Harmful content - Contribution shall not contain viruses, worms, Trojan horses or other computer program that may damage or affect any system or data

No spamming or advertising - Contribution shall not contain commercial web or e-mail addresses and no promotional or advertising material of any kind including the pricing and availability information and alternative ordering information

No HTML tags

Contributors should not use false e-mail addresses, impersonate others or in any way mislead as to their identity. LateRooms confirms that any personal identifiable information such as addresses, phone numbers or URL's will be removed and reviews or contributions may not be published

Contributors under the age of 18 should get the permission of a parent or guardian before submitting any review or contribution.


Back to the top

General

If you have a serious complaint regarding a hotel and wish to substantiate this with photographic evidence, please attach this to your complaint and send to
feedback@laterooms.com
.

If you have concerns, or wish to complain about any photograph or review on our website, please email
reviews@laterooms.com
.

These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and any disputes arising shall be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in England and Wales.

Back to the top

Price Promise

Terms and Conditions

To make a price promise claim, you must fill out the claim form provided on the LateRooms.com website, ensuring that all fields are accurately completed. Failure to provide this information will result in your claim being rejected.


LateRooms.com's "Price Promise" applies to hotel bookings made directly on LateRooms.com only. It does not apply to any other bookings made on third party websites via LateRooms.com including (but not limited to) cottages, theatre tickets, car hire and other services.

As hotel rates can change frequently, claims for any refunds under the Price Promise must be made within 24 hours of completing your hotel room booking through LateRooms.com.

The Price Promise only applies in respect of a lower rate for an identical booking that is available from another online booking source (excluding any other LateRooms Group or its affiliate websites) ("Lower Rate"). The Lower Rate must be available and capable of being booked within 24 hours of you completing your booking on LateRooms.com. Screen shots will not be accepted as proof that such Lower Rate is available. LateRooms.com shall be responsible for carrying out checks to ascertain if the Lower Rate is available at the time of validation of your claim.

The online Lower Rate must be for an identical booking, this means the same standard of  room at the same hotel as booked through LateRooms.com on the same check-in and check-out dates with the same booking conditions. Claims cannot be made against bookings made or found with "opaque" rates, where the identity of the property isn’t revealed until booking completion or where special advanced purchase rates apply.

The Lower Rate must be in the same currency as that booked on LateRooms.com (the local currency that the hotel will charge).

LateRooms.com will confirm the availability of the Lower Rate within 48 hours of receipt of the claim. In the event that the Lower Rate can be validated your claim shall be approved subject to the remainder of these terms.  In the event that LateRooms.com cannot validate the Lower Rate, your claim will be denied.

LateRooms.com cannot process claims where the hotel booking was made within 24 hours of the check-in date. For hotel bookings that are made over 24 hours before the check-in date, if you cannot cancel your booking, LateRooms.com will still consider your claim if you submit your claim within 24 hours of making the booking: please note however, there may be circumstances where we may not be able to consider and respond to your claim until after your check-in date if the booking is made within 48 hours of the check-in date.

LateRooms.com can only process one claim per booking, any subsequent claims for the same booking will not be processed.

LateRooms.com will only match the difference between its online rate and the Lower Rate if your booking through LateRooms.com is completed and not cancelled or the subject of a "no-show".

Following initial approval of a claim, refunds by LateRooms.com will only be made after completion of stay by the claimant at the named hotel for the person named on the booking.. LateRooms.com will verify that the hotel booking in question has been completed without cancellation for the date of the claimed booking. In the event that LateRooms.com is not able to verify that the booking has been completed you will need to post a receipt from the hotel to LateRooms.com as evidence of your completed stay. You may be required to provide additional information in order to be eligible to receive payment.

LateRooms.com shall use reasonable endeavours to complete a BACS transfer for the amount of the refund within 30 days of receiving confirmation that your stay was completed, provided you have provided us with your bank details on the claim form. No other payment method will be processed.

The maximum amount refunded shall not exceed the total value of the original booking made on LateRooms.com. The amount that shall be refunded shall be the difference between the LateRooms.com rate and the approved Lower Rate. The Price Promise only applies to the hotel rate exclusive of tax, when factoring in tax, we do not guarantee that the Laterooms.com rates will be lower than rates provided elsewhere.

Whether your claim is successful or not, LateRooms.com’s terms and conditions of booking, including the cancellation policy are still applicable at all times.

"Price Promise" does not apply to hotel rooms purchased through or in combination with corporate or convention rates, special discounted rates, membership rates, frequent stay, loyalty points or other "reward" type programs or special promotions of the hotel where the booking is made. Rates must be available to the general public.

The Price Promise is only available to UK residents over the age of 18. LateRooms.com will only pay refunds to UK bank accounts on valid claims against bookings made from the UK. Refunds shall be paid in Pounds Sterling only.

Employees (including their families and persons residing in the same household) of LateRooms.com’s hotel partners are not eligible. Previously cancelled or refunded bookings are also not eligible.

LateRooms.com reserves the right to modify these terms and conditions and/or end the Price Promise offer at any time and without notice.

LateRooms.com shall make the final determination regarding your refund eligibility and the availability of a Lower Rate.

LateRooms.com shall not be liable for the payment of any refunds under the Price Promise with respect to rates loaded in error by LateRooms.com or any vendor or any printing, typographical, administrative or technological errors in any materials relating to the Price Promise.

In the event of any dispute regarding the Price Promise and/or any subsequent claims, the decisions of LateRooms.com shall be final and binding on all parties.

By submitting a claim form you acknowledge, agree and accept these terms and conditions.

The Price Promise and these terms and conditions are governed by English law and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.


Promoter: Late Rooms Ltd (t/a Laterooms.com) whose registered office is at The Peninsula Building, Victoria Place, Manchester, M4 4FB, UK.

Back to the top



Quick Links


Booking Terms and Conditions

Website Terms and Conditions


Booking Terms and Conditions:


General

Important Information

Accommodation information

Confirmation

If you cancel, amend or change a booking

Age and responsibility

Before you travel

Insurance

Force Majeure

Complaints or issues with your accommodation

Currency converter

Legislation and Courts of Jurisdiction


Website Terms and Conditions:


General

Access to our Site

Terms of Use and Site Use

Site Content

Your Privacy

Links and Downloads

Your Account

Mobile Access

Our Liability

Accessability and Navigating this Website

Legislation and Courts of Jurisdictions

Miscellaneous


LateRooms.com privacy policy


Privacy Policy

What personal information do we collect?

Information about other people

Cookies and Web Beacons

Using your personal information

Disclosures

International data transfers

Security of your personal information

Policy amendments

Your rights

Third party websites

Updating information

Contact

Data controller

Terms of Use

Site Use

Links and downloads

Accessibility and navigating this website

Font sizes and stylesheets


Terms and Conditions of Hotel Reviews & Posting


Hotel Reviews

Terms and Conditions of Posting

Disclaimers

Reviews and Content Guidelines

General


Price Promise


Terms and Conditions













