









Things We Care About
















































0333 014 6269


+44 333 014 6269




0333 014 6269






English

Español

Deutsch

Français

Italiano



English















My Account /



Logout



Login

/

Sign Up








Home



Deals



Late Luxury



Corporate



About Us


Who are we

Help




Other Services


Book a Cottage

Hire a Car












Things we care about



At LateRooms.com we are aware that we have a certain social responsibility. And so we try to do our bit when, and where we can. We have put together a carefully considered eco-policy and charity commitment to ensure we really do give something back...

Eco Policy Coming Soon

We are currently working on a structured and meaningful eco policy to run throughout the business. We have a dedicated LateRooms.com 'Green Team' striving to make LateRooms.com as eco friendly as possible and are in the process of recruiting hotels with specific green policies to the site. More information to follow...

LateRooms.com's Travel Tips - What you can do...


Use public transport where possible to save on fuel and fumes

Ensure you turn off all lights and switches at home before you leave for your trip

Turn off all lights and switches in your hotel room

Save water by taking showers instead of baths and try and use your towels more than once on multiple night stays


We are also committed to helping a number of charities...

At LateRooms.com we realise there's a lot more to corporate responsibility than switching off lights and recycling - which is why we are actively involved in charity work. We support two main charities:

Starlight Children's Foundation

Starlight Children's Foundation brightens the lives of seriously and terminally ill children by granting wishes and by providing entertainment in hospitals throughout the United Kingdom.
Learn more about Starlight
(charity reg no. 296058)

Christie's

Christie's is a charity which raises funds for The Christie, a hospital dedicated to the specialist care and treatment of cancer patients and new research for advancements in cancer care.
Learn more about Christie's
(charity reg no. 1049751)

LateRooms.com's charity commitment

We are constantly looking for ways to raise money for a good cause. Here's a few of things we do and have done...


Departmental charity days. These have seen a desk delivery breakfast service, summer BBQ, nail salon, European cake sale and various Nintendo Wii tournaments, auctions and raffles... raising lots of money for our chosen charities.

We raised over £8000 for the 2008 Cancer Research Race for Life

We participated in McMillan's biggest ever coffee morning and helped them on their way to their £8.5 million target.

The staff dressed up in their pyjamas in support of Comic Relief and had great fun with a penalty shoot out competition.

We assist the Prince's Trust with helping young people with their employment and training needs

A team of LateRooms.com staff have devoted their own time to training for and obtaining sponsorship for the Bupa Manchester Run 2009


Thanks for reading












