
Secretplaces Blog - Secrets for Travellers








Blog


Sports and Activities

Food for Friends (Recipes)

Local Specialities (Food & Wine)



Secretplaces.com

About Us

Contact Us

German Version










































Local Specialties (Food & Wine)

The Best of ....

Bea´s Secret Lisbon



My little paradisiacal secret tips about Lisbon and its surroundings are today still unknown and thus remain far from all the touristic crowds. In this way, you will be able to enjoy the beautiful…



November 17, 2017










Behind the Scenes

The WINNER of the Secretplaces Summer Photo Contest 2017 is :



Photo credit: Anja Wippich; Location: Ensenada de Bolonia – Cádiz     CONGRATULATIONS to Anja Wippich for her very original picture. We have the pleasure to offer her a 300 euros voucher to use…



September 25, 2017










Behind the Scenes

Secretplaces Summer Photo Contest



WIN a 300 euros voucher! How to participate? It’s really easy! You have until the 15th of September to:   Take a picture of your holidays. Upload it by tagging us with the hashtag…



August 4, 2017










Fascination Destination

The Best of ....

Dances with fire – The most beautiful volcanoes of Europe



When in 2010, the eruption of Eyjafjallajökull resulted in the largest air-traffic shut-down that has been seen since World War II, we all realized how powerless man could be facing the forces of the…



July 25, 2017










Behind the Scenes

Travel Guides

Flight companion – doing something good on your holiday



Have you ever flown with an animal? Or even with an animal that wasn’t yours? For giving it a chance for a better life? You never heard about this possibility? Then, you should definitely…



July 19, 2017










Fascination Destination

Travel Guides

Carnival in Morocco – The Gnaoua Festival 2017



Morocco is en vogue again. And we surely understand why! African influences, endless beautiful landscapes and the sea with its many sport activities… The country is full of surprises for its visitors. And this…



June 21, 2017










Sports and Activities

Summer time is festival time – Our secret summer delights 2017



Finally, summer started! Strolling through the park, sightseeing or open air concerts, summer is the perfect time for a city break. You can visit museums, historical buildings or castles all year long, but…



June 16, 2017










Fascination Destination

Our Finest Places to Stay

The Best of ....

Travel Guides

Europe´ s 10 most beautiful secret beaches



On your next trip to Europe, don’t forget to scope out some of the world’s best beaches. There’s certainly no shortage of beautiful beaches on the continent, but some are simply more beautiful than…



May 18, 2017










Fascination Destination

Our Finest Places to Stay

Travel Guides

Our Top-9 Luxury hotels



We all love luxury. Being the pleasure of driving a nice and fancy car or the delight of enjoying a Ladurée macaron on the Champs Élysées, we all like and deserve to treat ourselves…



May 3, 2017










Fascination Destination

Travel Guides

15 worth-the-visit places in Greece that are not Athens or the islands



Greece is a very popular travel destinations. Especially the historic Athens and the paradise-like islands with the typical blue and white houses attract travellers from all over the world. But this country offers so…



April 28, 2017






Older Posts





Categories


Behind the Scenes


Fascination Destination


Food for Friends (Recipes)


Local Specialties (Food & Wine)


Our Finest Places to Stay


Sports and Activities


The Best of ….


Travel Guides



Destination of the Month



Lisbon
is our destination of the month and we have some insider tips to make your stay at this buzzing multicultural city even more fascinating.


Hot Topic



Cha Gio Heo Tôm – this Vietnamese dish will show you the huge variety of the Asian cuisine. Click
here
to see our full article.


New Destinations & Hotels



The
La Sultana Oualidia
is Secretplaces' latest accommodation in Morocco. Yes, this hotel impresses with its look and special flair. But also its location amazes: La Sultana is situated in Oualidia, which is well-known for its oyster farms and flocks of pink flamingos.


Tags
Andalusia - a roundtrip

Aracena

Bar

beach

Berlin

Breakfast market Berlin

Carrapateira

Cha gio

chic

Chocolate

city break

City Guide

Comporta

cooking for friends

Costa Vicentina

Essaouira

events

Festival

Fish

Food

Gastronomy

Hiking in Mallorca

hotels

Lisbon

Local Specialties

Marrakech

Medina

music

nature

oceanfront

pata negra

Portugal's best beaches

Restaurant

Riads

seaview

secret tips

Sintra mountains

spanish ham

spring

stylish

summer

Truffles

vietnamese springrolls

Wien

wild asparagus











© 2016 Secretplaces.com – All Rights Reserved.












