






Travelocity Guarantees | Travelocity.com

























Skip to main content


















Show menu





Show Account Icon Menu
Get lower rates on thousands of hotels.
Sign In
or
create a Travelocity Account
My Account
My Trips





Shop Travel






Home


Vacation Packages


Hotels


Cars


Flights


Cruises


Things to Do


Discover


Travel Deals


Vacation Rentals


Get Inspired


Mobile







To
required
Please enter an email address
Please enter a valid email address
Use commas to separate multiple email addresses (Maximum 8)
Subject
Message
Send Itinerary
Cancel


Your notifications
1
All caught up!
No new notifications right now.



Account




Sign In



Create an Account










My Lists






My Trips



Support





Customer Support



Feedback









For customer service, call us toll-free at 1-855-257-2853. For customers outside the US, please call 1-404-728-8787. International calling rates will apply.










Home



Vacation Packages



Hotels



Cars



Flights



Cruises



Things to Do



Discover



Travel Deals



Vacation Rentals



Get Inspired



Mobile




More





Vacation Rentals


Get Inspired


Mobile

























Beginning of main content






For every step of your journey,
we’re here.







24/7 Support, Guaranteed

Our goal is for you to experience worry-free trips, each and every time you travel with us. Ones that leave you with unforgettable memories you can’t help but share with your friends. That’s why we offer 24/7 personal assistance with our Customer First Guarantee
before, during and after
your trip on all our services — from flights, hotels and vacation packages, to rental cars and activities.





Find 24/7 assistance on social media, only with Travelocity.

Facebook

Twitter






Connect with a Customer First Guarantee Specialist



Change of plans? Don’t worry, we never charge hotel cancellation fees.


Before You Leave






Enjoy stress-free travel, with
24/7
assistance just a click away.


During Your Trip






Help us make your next getaway even better than the last.


After You Return











Notice a price drop?

We'll refund* you the difference between what you paid and the lower price + $50 off your next trip.
On flights, cars, and cruise let us know within 24hrs of booking, and hotels - you have up until the day before your stay. Simply click the
Before You Leave
button above and then click on the “Price Guarantee Application” to fill out and submit your application.
*You must provide an image of the lower price to be eligible.





Terms and Conditions
Travelocity Price Guarantee.
In the unlikely event that you find a lower rate on Travelocity.com or on another U.S.-based website  						within 24 hours of booking with Travelocity.com, we will credit or refund to you the difference in price. In addition, we will give you a fifty  						dollar ($50.00 US) coupon good on a future booking of a Travelocity Rate hotel or air plus hotel package on Travelocity.com with a $100 US minimum  						value before taxes and fees. This Travelocity Price Guarantee is subject to the terms and conditions listed below.
Travelocity Price Guarantee for Hotels.
For hotels, we go even further! If you find a lower rate on Travelocity.com or on another  						U.S.-based website up to  11:59 pm Pacific time 2 days before your scheduled check-in date of your booking with Travelocity.com, we will credit or  						refund to you the difference in price. In addition, we will give you a fifty dollar ($50.00 US) coupon good on a future booking of a Travelocity  						Rate hotel or air plus hotel package on Travelocity.com with a $100 US minimum value before taxes and fees. This Travelocity Price Guarantee for Hotels is  						subject to the terms and conditions listed below.
Travel must be completed in accordance with the booked itinerary to be eligible to receive the coupon, refund or credit.
Changed or cancelled bookings are not eligible to receive the coupon. Coupons will be added to your account within 3 to 4 weeks after  								your qualifying travel itinerary has been completed.
Standalone Spirit Airlines and Volaris Flights are not eligible for Price Guarantee.
Spirit Airlines flight with a package could be eligible under standard Price Guarantee rules.
To collect the fifty dollar ($50.00 US) coupon, you must have a Travelocity Account with an associated email address and password combination. If you booked using a guest account, you will qualify for a refund of the difference in price.
Notifying Travelocity of a Claim.
You must file a Travelocity Price Guarantee application form within twenty-four (24) hours after  							your Travelocity.com booking, or for hotels, at least 2 days before your check-in date, to make a claim under the Travelocity Price Guarantee. The  							lower rate must be available for booking at the time you contact us, as determined by our customer service representatives.
Must be "Apples to Apples" Comparison.
The Travelocity Price Guarantee is available only for exact itinerary matches. For  								example, the specific airline and cabin class (First, Business, Premium Economy or Coach/Economy), hotel (including room type), ship  								and cabin category, rental car company and vehicle class, applicable refund policy, and the exact same dates and times of travel or  								service as booked through Travelocity.com.
For any stand-alone product booking (for example, a hotel room or an airline ticket), the comparison must be to the same product  									purchased stand-alone through another website (i.e., not part of a hotel + air travel package).
The Travelocity Price Guarantee is not available for bookings on websites where the carrier, property, rental car company, itinerary or  									similar booking details are unknown until after purchase. You must meet all requirements imposed on the lower price (if any),  									including, without limitation, residency, regional and age-related requirements.
Comparison Rates Must Be Available to the General Public Online.
The Travelocity Price Guarantee applies only to prices both  							advertised and available to the general public on an English-language website.
For example, this does not include rates offered on:
Membership program websites, corporate discounts or rates
Group, charter, rewards program, incentive, meeting, convention, consolidator or interline prices
Prices obtained via auction or similar process
Prices available only by using a coupon or other promotion not offered to the general public.
The lower rate may not come from a website where you call to get the rate, or from an e-mail that you received. In addition, the rate  								must be quoted, booked, and paid for in US dollars.
Important Note Regarding Activities and Travel Packages.
When you book an activity, or a travel package (i.e., air +  							hotel, air + hotel + car, air + car, or hotel + car booked together as a package on the same itinerary) with Travelocity.com, the Travelocity Price  							Guarantee applies to the cost of the activity or the travel package, respectively, plus all taxes and fees.
Important Note Regarding Cruises.
The Travelocity Price Guarantee applies only to the cost of the cruise. Taxes and fees, and  							any additional items, such as air or land components, insurance, the Cruise Protection Plan, shipboard credits, transfers, pre- or post- 							cruise hotel stays, onboard amenities, gift cards/certificates, cash back and/or dollars off are not eligible.
To qualify for the Travelocity Price Guarantee on a cruise booking, you must have either paid in full or paid a non-refundable deposit on the  							booking. If you have made a non-refundable deposit, then any credit under the Travelocity Price Guarantee will be applied toward the outstanding  							balance due for your booked cruise.
Verification of Claims.
All requests, including receipts, are subject to verification by Travelocity. Travelocity will not  							accept screenshots or other purported evidence of a lower price that cannot be independently confirmed by Travelocity personnel. Nor will  							Travelocity verify any request that it believes, in its sole discretion, is the result of a printing or other error or is made fraudulently or  							in bad faith.
For verification of stand-alone car rental and non-prepaid hotel bookings, the customer service representative will instruct you to e-mail  								an electronic copy of your car or hotel receipt to Travelocity within thirty (30) days after you have completed the rental or hotel stay.
Verified requests will receive a credit to the credit card used for the booking, within approximately 7-10 days of verification.
Limit:
One (1) $50 coupon per entire booking
Three (3) coupons per customer per calendar month (regardless of the number of accounts used by the customer or the number of bookings  							made by the customer).
Each coupon is valid for one (1) year from month of issuance. Travelocity reserves the right to render any coupon void that Travelocity issues  								in excess of these limits, or issued in error, or where the customer is found to be ineligible to receive a coupon or has been deemed  								by Travelocity to be abusing the Travelocity Price Guarantee program for personal or financial gains.
Click here for complete coupon terms and conditions.
Changes.
Travelocity reserves the right in its sole discretion to modify or discontinue the Travelocity Price Guarantee or to  							restrict its availability to any person, at any time, for any or no reason, and without prior notice or liability to you. The terms that  							are in effect at the time of your booking will determine your eligibility under the Travelocity Price Guarantee.
No change in the Travelocity Price Guarantee program will affect any coupon that has already been issued to you. The failure by Travelocity to enforce  							any provision of these Terms & Conditions shall not constitute a waiver of that provision.





Hotel doesn't match our details?

We'll find a comparable hotel for you right away.
If the pool is closed--contact us immediately and we'll find a comparable hotel for you at no additional cost.



NO cancellation fees!

Travelocity will never charge you a cancellation fee - and as long as it's 3 days prior to your stay most hotels won't either.



Car rental a disappointment?

If the exact vehicle you expected is unavailable, we'll work with the car rental company to get a similar one ready for you.


Having second thoughts?

Whether you have a sudden change of heart or a necessary change of plans, feel at ease with free flight cancellations up to 24 hours after you book on most airlines.





Terms and Conditions
To be eligible for 24 hour flight cancellation by Travelocity you must request cancellation within 24 hours of booking and you must have booked each ticket you are seeking to cancel on Travelocity.com at least seven days before the scheduled departure date.  If your itinerary includes multiple tickets (such as a round trip that combines two different airlines), these terms will apply to each ticket separately.  Travelocity's 24 hour cancellation policy does not apply to Travelocity Bargain Fares or to any flights with the following airlines:  Jetstar Airways, Jetstar Asia, Jetstar Pacific, Interjet, Germanwings, Norwegian Air Shuttle, Eurowings, Frontier, Spirit, Firefly, AirAsia, Transavia Holland, EasyJet, VivaAerobus, Wow Air, Tigerair Australia, Tigerair Singapore, Tigerair Taiwan, and Volaris, .   Please contact these airlines directly regarding any cancellation issues.  Travelocity may discontinue this policy or change the eligible flights and/or airlines at any time.   If you have a question about whether a particular flight is eligible for 24 hour cancellation by Travelocity check the "flight details" section of the flight information page on the Travelocity website before booking.   Usual booking terms and supplier rules and restrictions apply.





Hotel overbooked or lost your reservation?

We'll work directly with the hotel to get you a room or a comparable one at a nearby hotel,
					at no extra charge to you.



Airline canceled your flight?

We'll work with your airline to ensure you're back on your way to your desired destination fast. Should you require an overnight stay, we'll also be happy to locate a hotel that meets your needs for a reasonable price.



Need to change your reservation?

Travelocity will work with our travel suppliers to get your reservation adjusted in the simplest way possible.



Weather threat or mass disruption?

Don't let an unexpected event ruin your plans. We'll work with our travel partners to make any necessary itinerary changes at the most reasonable cost to you.


More FAQs











Explore More





Travelocity




About Travelocity

Customer Support

Advertising

Jobs

TV Ads

Privacy Policy

Terms of Use

Site Map

Accessibility






Other Links




Vacation Packages

Flights

Hotels

Cars

Cruise

Travelocity Merchandise

Customer 1st Guarantee

Subscribe

Create an Account






Global Sites














Expedia

Expedia Affiliate Network (EAN)








© 2017 Travelscape LLC. All rights reserved. Travelocity, the Stars Design, and The Roaming Gnome Design are trademarks of Travelscape LLC. Use of this Web site constitutes acceptance of the
Travelocity User Agreement
and
Privacy Policy.
CST# 2083930-50




