Our Client Testimonials | Health and Fitness Travel


























Share











HEALTH AND FITNESS TRAVEL experts in tailor-made healthy holidays


0203 397 8891


Opening Times:





Tue 05 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Wed 06 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Thu 07 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Fri 08 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Sat 09 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Sun 10 Dec:
Closed



Today: 9:00am - 6:00pm










Favourites


Favourites are empty

Use the Add to Favourites button on a package or resort






Recently Viewed


Recently Viewed are empty











Destinations




Asia


Bali

India

Java

Malaysia

Philippines

Thailand

Vietnam

Sri Lanka




Caribbean


Antigua

Grenada

Jamaica

St. Lucia

Turks & Caicos




Europe


Croatia

Cyprus

France

Greece

Italy

Malta

Portugal

Spain

Switzerland

Turkey

UK




Africa & Indian Ocean


Maldives

Mauritius

Morocco

South Africa

Tanzania




The Americas


Costa Rica

Mexico

Utah

Brazil

Florida




Middle East


Dubai

Oman




Australasia


Australia

New Zealand






View our Destinations Map







Holiday Types




Wellness


Spa

Spa & Sport

Yoga

Detox

Pilates

De-stress

Weight Loss

Healing

Meditation

Anti-ageing

Ayurveda Spa

Beach Spa

Spiritual & Holistic

Nutrition Friendly Retreats

Stop Smoking Holidays

Post-Cancer Recovery Retreats

Mindfulness

Emotional Healing

Sleep Enhancement Retreats




Tailored


Singles Holidays

Couples Healthy Holidays

Family Holidays

Adult Only

Gay Friendly Holidays




Active


Fitness

Fusion Fitness

BodyBreaks

Tennis

Sports Holidays

Cycling

Multi-Activity

Golf

Walking




Specialist


Ultimate Luxury Around the World Wellness Trip

Discover Recover Holidays

Group Retreats

Healthy Honeymoons

The Ultimate Collection

Learning Holidays

Twin & Multi Centre

All-inclusive

Affordable Healthy Holidays

Healthy Breaks

Hen Wellness Breaks

Pre-Wedding Health Retreats

Luxury Spa Breaks

Eco-Friendly Holidays

A Guide to Retreats

Life Coaching Retreats




Adventure


Bootcamp

Water Sports

Adventure

Skiing

Hiking & Trekking

Mountain Biking

Diving

Windsurfing




Seasonal


Spring Renewal

Summer Healthy Holidays

Winter Escapes

Christmas & New Year

Easter Retreats







When to Go



Offers



Advice



Blog






£
 GBP


$ USD


€ EUR


$ AUD























You are here:
Home
/

Testimonials





Our Client Testimonials












Don't take our word for it
; discover what our happy guests have to say about their experience with Health and Fitness Travel. We love receiving letters and emails saying 'thank you' and here's a little collection to share with you.





















Right from the first contact with Health and Fitness Travel everything was so simple and easy. Along with an amazing holiday and package that I would have never considered or found myself, everything was simple and stress free. It was like having my own personal assistant. I will use again and
strongly
recommend.
Mel, March 2017 - Paradis Plage








I have been incredibly impressed with the whole holiday. The service, facilities, hotel staff, fitness instructors and food were faultless in my opinion and was consistent from being picked up to being seen to the airport departure security gates. I have travelled all over the world with a number of well-known operators and none of them would have scored a perfect 10 in so many areas.  I have recommended you to my friends. Thank you!
Thank you again so much!!
Charlie, March 2017 - Porto Elounda Gold & Spa Resort










Health and Fitness Travel found me the perfect holiday to fit my needs! The experience was quick, easy and professional. Despite there being lots of choices, it was easy to hone in quickly on the holiday that suited what I wanted and my budget.

Claire, February 2017 - Absolute Sanctuary








First of all - THANK YOU so much for your fast, kind and wonderful service! I'm really impressed! This is a burden off my chest. I tried to look for vacations for hours on my own online, but just got more confused.
Thank you again so much!!

Kyle, February 2017 - SHA Wellness Clinic











A worthy 5* resort! Beautiful. Everything so clean and beautifully designed!
The Yoga Shala has amazing sea views, the staff are always calmly happy and helpful, nothing is ever too much trouble. They could cater for my multiple food allergies with no problems at all, which was amazing! I loved the breakfasts, in particular.
The yoga and surfing teachers are real pros and the yoga classes took into account those who wanted to start early (8am class), later (11am class) and the beautiful sunset yoga (5.30pm), so there was always time to sleep, sunbathe, swim, go for a camel or horse ride, eat etc. and still fit it more than one class per day. All equipment (mats, pillows and everything else) is top quality too. I did up to 3 yoga classes a day with a pro yogi, and developed several of my asanas further, while reaching a near meditative state during the yin-yoga classes watching and listening to the ocean. It was definitely a yoga holiday to remember!
The spa treatments were also outstanding (I had 3 massages and Hamman).
Other things I really enjoyed were: the free shuttle to Agadir and back, to go shopping at the souk every day; a new big bottle of water in my room every day; the stunning chocolate cake they made for my birthday with candles and everything (!); the fact that it’s a great place for solo travellers (you won't be the only one so there's nothing weird about it at all, you end up very quickly chatting with the like-minded people and after that can always decide how much to be by yourself and how much to interact with others);
My recommendations: both the sunrise and the sunset yoga's every day to really get into your practice, all 3 in one day was also great if you're up for it! You won't need any other yoga stuff with you apart from appropriate clothes so this will help with packing. Don't miss the free shuttle to Agadir to visit the souk! For leaving the site remember to take clothes that cover a bit more to respect the local culture. There is a small corner shop next to the resort with small things like food items, fruit, ice cream, water, grains, toiletries etc. There is horse and camel riding right there on the beach as well, or you can book it at the reception for a service where they take you further away (15min drive) for a longer experience, well worth the money. The sun is hot so remember good SPF and enjoy the warm sea and the pool and eating outside, and don't forget to try the traditional Moroccan mint tea on the sea-view terrace while watching and listening to the ocean after a hard day of yoga and sunbathing! After that just relax and enjoy your stay.
Booking the holiday with Health and Fitness Travel was a bliss! The documents were very informative, explained everything that was included, how to find the driver at the airport, etc. I felt like I knew exactly where I was going and that everything had been taken care of! Well organised, safe, bliss from start to finish. I had a response to my e-mail on the same day, had great suggestions for where I could go based on what I was looking for, everything was organised so well and I constantly knew what was happening and exactly what I would be paying for and how everything would be organised at Morocco's end. Rebecca was engaging, incredibly helpful and clearly knowledgeable of the holiday sites and their offerings. She responded to every query promptly and clearly so I always knew what was happening and felt safe booking my holiday. It was a wonderful first-try for me with Health and Fitness Travel. I love that the company is focused on health travels and has great experience on this, which made me feel confident that the locations would be good quality in both the classes and the facilities offered. The descriptions, pictures and clear lists of what is included made easy for me to pick what would suit me but also got me so excited about the trip while just reading about it!
I wish I could have stayed longer and also booked some surfing. Next year I’m going to book 50/50 yoga & surfing and cannot wait to be there again! It’s worth every penny!
Jaana, January 2017 - Paradis Plage









I had a great holiday thanks. I was really pleased with Health and Fitness Travel. Everything was perfect from the finding of the holiday to the support received throughout the booking process.
It was great that you found such a perfect holiday based on listening into my requirements.  The resort itself was amazing, facilities were perfect and the activities were varied and suited me perfectly!
I fully recommend travelling with Health and Fitness Travel and in fact mentioned the company several times during my stay as I was so pleased with service that I have received.

Cassie, November 2016 - The BodyHoliday








Kamalaya is so relaxing and peaceful and perfect for what I needed.  All the treatments were superb and the food was excellent too!  I would definitely visit again so may be in touch next year!
Many thanks for arranging everything.

Celine, October 2017 - Kamalaya








I cannot rate my experience highly enough – it was truly excellent from start to finish. Don't be surprised to hear from me next year as I cannot imagine not returning!

Sally, October 2016 - Absolute Sanctuary








It was a wonderful holiday thanks and exactly what I needed.  I feel fitter and more healthy.  The yoga was very good and the food was excellent, and I started to get back into good habits.  I just wish I'd had longer.

Sara, August 2016 - Absolute Sanctuary








A fantastic wellness and spa holiday; the food was first class and the spa and mountain trekking was absolutely excellent.
Pauline, August 2016 - Ananda









It was truly amazing and I am already thinking about my next holiday at Absolute Sanctuary! The hotel was wonderful and the Pilates instructor absolutely fantastic
Jo, July 2016 - Absolute Sanctuary










Como Shambhala was wonderful. Spectacular venue, very friendly staff and outstanding attention to detail throughout. I must return soon.
Neil, July 2016 -
COMO Shambhala Estate










Thank you so much to everyone at Health and Fitness Travel and Epic Sana! I will definitely be back to you next year! The accommodation, facilities, cuisine and staff were fantastic. I probably would like to have more group classes but all aspects of the programme arranged by you was excellent.
Elva, April 2016 - Epic Sana










I will definitely come back to you when we are looking to go away again!

Linda, April 2016 - Porto Elounda Golf and Spa resort










I had an amazing time at Galo Resort. I return home 100% rejuvenated. Everything about the stay was wonderful. I will recommend this package to all of my friends, and I have already one dear friend signing up for some time during the spring!
Irene, March 2016 - Galo Resort










I couldn't have been happier with the holiday! I had a fantastic time and met some great people. The resort is amazing but also small enough to feel intimate and not over-whelming. The spa treatments were great and the activities numerous with something for everyone.

Fiona, February 2016 - The BodyHoliday










Fusion Maia was lovely and the rooms were great! The staff were very friendly and the food was very good. The spa treatments were varied and generally excellent. We had lots of love and attention from the fabulous restaurant staff ensuring all was prepared at high standards. Thank you all!
Madelaine, February 2016 - Fusion Maia










I was on a Fusion Fitness break, which consisted of exercise and relaxation. I found this to be exactly what I got. The gym staff were knowledgeable, fun and kind, but were not afraid to be firm with you if that's what you want (I did!) They have really helped me get my motivation back for fitness and sent me away with easy to follow guidelines for fitness at home.

Tara, January 2016 - Grayshott Spa










I had an excellent holiday. Thank you so much for organising everything for me; I thought the quality of the holiday was extremely high. From the food and drink through to the spa treatments and fitness classes. The beach fit class and the beach box fit were some of the best classes I have ever attended - really hard work and well thought out. The yoga teacher was excellent and so good at teaching all levels within the same group and also the spa staff were delightful and particularly the Ayurveda team, who were extremely knowledgeable.

Jane, December 2015 - The BodyHoliday










I had a brilliant time at Longevity and loved every minute of it! It's a beautiful resort in a stunning location; I really enjoyed the variety on the programme and the trainers were very professional. I was pleased with the detailed report I got as it really helps me with my on-going fitness activities. The food and service were also great.

Carole, December 2015 - Longevity Wellness Resort










The trip was fantastic and I would definitely do it again. It was very "wellness and holistic" focused. It had an extensive range of spa treatments. I adjusted what was included in my package, swapping out a few treatments and adding a few others - so there is flexibility in the package and menu which is helpful.

Anna, November 2015 - Kamalaya










The holiday was excellent... the hotel was fantastic and the staff really made the difference - nothing was too much trouble for them. Came back relaxed and refreshed. Would definitely recommend to others!

Paul, October 2015 - Paradis Plage










The holiday was amazing - the staff were very attentive and the level of service was outstanding. The hotel and facilities were excellent and nothing was too much trouble. The activities were well organised and the food was gorgeous. We will definitively be going back again!

Megan, September 2015 - SHA Wellness Clinic










We had a fantastic holiday and would certainly like to return again. The sports facilities, treatment, food and entertainment were of the highest standards. Everything from booking the holiday has gone most smoothly. I would also like to say a special thank you for introducing us to this holiday.

Abi, September 2015 - The BodyHoliday










Fantastic boot camp! Hard and kind at the same time... Great group of girls and an outstanding trainer, who was firm but not crazy!  I lost 3lbs and 4.5 inches in 3 days.
Teresa, August 2015 - GI Jane Bootcamp










The holiday was perfect. I loved every second of it and the staff are by far the most important component in that. They were always helpful and with a smile.

Debbie, August 2015 - Longevity Wellness Resort










We found the location wonderful! All the old part of the hotel really is beautiful! The food was also excellent, with good service, and it was a restful stay. I ended up changing one of the activities into a massage, and shortening two others and they were very accommodating. The coach was very good and the sports room well equipped.
Natalie, July 2015 - Grayshott Spa










Just got back from The Body Holiday in St Lucia; I was amazed at how much (and the quality) of all that was included in the price. I was also pleased to be given some extra treatments from Health and Fitness Travel. Much appreciated and enjoyed, thank you.

Patricia, July 2015 - The BodyHoliday










I had a good break and tried several new activities and classes, and met some lovely people who had also travelled by themselves. I was surprised to have met so many people who were returning guests, people who had been 4, 8 or even 16 times! I have already recommended you to several friends and everyone I met whilst away knows I booked with Health and Fitness Travel (no-one else had the $200 spa credit!).

Sally, July2015 - The BodyHoliday










Kamalaya was great, this place really is amazing! I’m now back home smiling and feeling much happier inside. All the treatments were world class, the therapists were so professional and skilled. Thailand is famous for the massages, but Kamalaya was a step further! The perfect place to relax, rejuvenate, calm down after busy times or even serious burnt out. The food is amazing too. The best detox food I have ever tried. They even have detox desserts. My partner was not on detox, but he was encouraged to eat lean protein with every meal. I’m definitely coming back.
Carolina, June 2015 - Kamalaya










We had a fabulous time in Kempinski! We both thought it was the best holiday we ever had! The service and the food were amazing. The hotel transfer is a special treat and we were upgraded to a lovely room. The weather was perfect- we spent every day on the sundeck. Had great treatments, used the Pilates reformer everyday- which I loved. Thank you Health and Fitness Travel for arranging this experience for us. I recommend it to everyone.
Julie June 2015 - Kempinsinki Resort and Beach Club










The holiday was awesome! I will definitely be going back to the BodyHoliday. It was a great place for a single traveller, and everyone I met there was lovely. The Bodyguards were all fantastic too, and the staff were great. Many thanks for the great service that you provided.

Marie, June 2015 - The BodyHoliday










I LOVED Absolute Sanctuary! It was fantastic, exactly what I expected and everything executed perfectly. I really hope to go back next year or at least make it an every other year thing. You guys have been great and I would definitely use you for these holidays going forward. I've already recommended the trip to pretty much everyone, but not sure that they are detoxers

Ellie, April 2015 - Absolute Sanctuary










My holiday to Kamalaya was fantastic. Great location and facilities with very friendly staff. The upgrade to the suite was well worth the money (I'm still missing the outdoor shower!). As a single traveller looking for a healthy break it would be very difficult to fault, having the communal table at dinner was a real treat with a fantastic mix of people. One downside is the hill the resort is built on which you have to walk up and down but this is well worth it for the great feel about the place. One other small niggle being the cost for any additional treatments in the Spa seemed quite high but in fairness they were of a high standard with very professional practitioners. I would fully recommend Kamalaya to any solo travels looking for a fitness / wellbeing break, and I'm sure I'll visit again.

Sarah, April 2015 - Kamalaya










In one word, incredible. I loved it. Couldn't have had a more perfect trip at this time in my life. Mel, Stanton and the team there are awesome - they are passionate about what they do and helping others. Very happy you suggested this one - thank you!
Linda, March 2015 - Phuket Cleanse










The holiday was great and I would happily recommend the resort. The only comment I would make is that whilst it may be singles friendly, there were no other singles there. Instead, most of the other guests were families with children, not quite what I was expecting, although the time of the year may have contributed to that factor. Despite this, as I said the holiday was great, staff very friendly and the level of service and facilities excellent.

Amanda, March 2015 - Paradis Plage










I enjoyed my stay at Kamalaya very much overall. It's a beautiful resort, which has a lot to offer. Overall, it's a great resort that manages to do and offer a wide variety of services and 'entertainment' options that are all at least adequate. The stronger points, in my opinion, are the staff (all very courteous and friendly in addition to helpful and professional) and the sheer number of options as to how to use one's time. The negatives are the gym (dated equipment, though the trainers are all very good) and, to a certain extent, interactions with management were confused, and the process of sorting out what and how much for the 2nd half was not as smooth as I might have assumed.

Verona, February 2015 - Kamalaya










I had a fantastic time! Thank you for encouraging me to go. I have definitely recommended it to friends and put a link on my own Facebook page. Chatting to other guests there it appeared you were able to get me a great deal. Particularly the spa voucher, it was put to good use.The service at the resort was amazing, I think this put the resort heads above other 5star resorts and the management should be commended. My only negative feedback is that the garden rooms are in need of an update. The bedrooms only need a lick of paint but the bathrooms are definitely a little tatty.

Neil, February 2015 - The BodyHoliday










We had a lovely time and enjoyed our stay at Kamalaya very much. The setting was spectacular and the staff and service provided was excellent. The only thing I would say is the resort was very hilly, it makes it a beautiful setting and views where the hotel sits in the side of the hill/mountain but I would not recommend it for elderly guests as it is very steep and difficult to walk around.

Barbra, February 2015 - Kamalaya










I thought the range of activities was very impressive and had a few taster classes e.g. tennis, but I really enjoyed the kayaking and had two sailing lessons. I spent the credit on an Ayurvedic massage, a Thalgo steam facial and another treatment.
I was good to see the owners and their family around the place so often, at meal times and during the evening entertainment which was of a high standard. The staff generally were friendly and helpful and I particularly appreciated the pianist in the Piano Bar who was a truly talented musician.
One of the best things was meeting some interesting people.
Helena, January 2015 - The BodyHoliday










I had an amazing and relaxing time at Komune Resort. I loved the fact that everything was included and I didn’t need to worry about anything! Nicole, the yoga teacher, was the best teacher I have ever met! I could organise my time around the classes and it was simply amazing. I will recommend Komune to all my friends!
Kirsty, January 2015 -

Komune Resort & Beach Club










I have to say that the hotel was the best one I've ever been to and I had an amazing time. It was like being in paradise. I was also very happy with the service of your agents. It's lovely being met at the airport with a cold bottle of water and also have someone saying goodbye 
The people at the hotel were amazing, both the guests and the staff. I never felt lonely as a single traveller.
Yolanda, January 2015 - The BodyHoliday










We had a fantastic holiday and Health and Fitness Travel was great at organising it! The hotel was lovely and the level of service amazing- for a five star hotel the atmosphere was very relaxed and comfortable. The tennis worked really well - we changed things slightly and instead of 2 private lessons had an hour and a half together at 8.30 each morning. We had an excellent coach called Peter from Denmark- he really made the tennis for us. The rest of the day was then ours to visit Sintra, Cascais and Lisbon (we loved Belem!). My husband also did arrange some mountain bike guiding and said that it was excellent.
Sarah, January 2015 - Pengha Longa










My experience at Phuket Cleanse was amazing, I had a fantastic time!  The facilities were great, my room was beautiful, clean and spacious, the resort is beautiful and the food was absolutely fabulous! The range of workouts offered is incredible and I had lots of fun trying as many as I could. I also really appreciated the opportunity of doing some tourist things like hiking to Big Buddha, boat trip to an island, etc. These were special moments shared with the other guests and will remain great memories. They also made my birthday a very special day and I'm very thankful for that. The team there was lovely, kind, helpful, smiling, really great people working there!
Virginia, December 2014 - Phuket Cleanse










I had a lovely relaxing holiday at Radisson Blu! They had everything we needed on site for a week’s holiday. It offered a good variety of restaurants and bars, sports facilities and swimming pools, the private beach was a good size with plenty of beds and clean towel service.  You were never far away from helpful staff, food, drinks and ice cream! The resort was incredibly clean and tidy and well looked after. I went as a single parent with 2 children and felt very safe and relaxed there. The staff were genuinely helpful and attentive. The food was reasonably priced, better than I had expected.  Every pool, the beach & spa area offered freshly laundered towels which was very liberal. You just hand them in on your way out. Our apartment was very spacious. The king size bed was massive & very comfortable. The pull out sofa bed was very large and made up ready for us. The kitchen area was large & had great facilities. The bathroom again very spacious. Treatments in the spa were nice and the sports hall had lots to offer for all ages and abilities. Beautiful stunning views from the resort. Boats trips available from its own private Barbour.
5 star wonderful resort of which I would highly recommend to any family, single or couple. My service from Health and Fitness Travel from the beginning was very professional, friendly and informative.
Helen, December 2014 - Radisson Blu Resort & Spa, Dubrovnik Sun Gardens










I was really happy that I picked Samahita for my holiday this year, as it’s a holistic wellness centre and they had everything I needed! It was useful to have all integrated into one package (all my massages, introductory sessions where they walked me through the program and the welcome kit). The wellness staff were amazingly skilled! It only took a day for me to fully relax. There were lots of opportunities to visit the markets, do day trips and even snorkel around the nearby islands. The front desk staff were helpful in organising transport, etc. It was great to be further away from the 'touristy' areas of Koh Samui. I'm definitely planning to go back...just a matter of when. I almost don't want to tell anyone else about it, as it would be awful if it got popular and crowded ;).
PS: They provide toiletries, water bottles and you can also borrow a yoga mat for the duration of your stay.
Fiona November 2014 - Samahita










Simply amazing! Exactly what I needed and more - I loved it! That place is a hidden gem and I was delighted with my experience. Combining Detox and Pilates was a wonderful experience.
Fiona, November 2014 - Shanti Som










Spa Village was fantastic and just perfect for what we needed - a lot of R&R, with some healthy eating options and yoga classes. The chef(s) went out of their way to accommodate our eating intolerances, and always gave us interesting, tasty and healthy food. Very fresh and local. Nothing was ever a problem. He spoke to us every meal time to insure that it was all on track. We really appreciated this individual treatment. The chefs and kitchen staff were so helpful. The spa treatments were divine (we even ordered extra treatments as they were so good). The spa staff were the most polite and gentle people. And nothing was ever a problem there either.The yoga classes were nice and relaxing and we attended them all, plus a few other activities, such as sunset cruise, waterfall trip, snorkelling, yoga swing. Loved the room and the facilities. The pool is gorgeous. 100% amazing!
Naomi, August 2014 - Spa Village Resort Tembok Bali










I had the most wonderful holiday at SwaSwara. Health and Fitness Travel was great at answering all my questions before booking, which made things much less stressful and enabled me to relax completely! I look forward to return to this amazing place in India!
Jacqueline, August 2014 - SwaSwara


















Site Links

Useful Information


Destinations

Holiday Types

Blog

Advice

Offers

Top 10s

Press

Jobs

Corporate Wellness

Terms & Conditions

Privacy Policy



Contact Us

__________

Visit our
Australian
site

About Us

Our Philosophy

Why Book With Us

Testimonials

Glossary

Sitemap

Newsletter Signup

Request a Call Back




Our Experts


Health and Fitness Team






Our Travel Specialists have years of experience in finding the perfect healthy holiday to match your needs.

Call and speak to one of our specialists now on +44 (0) 203 397 8891.

Meet our Travel Specialists!





Contact Us

Get in Touch


Health and Fitness Travel

Unit 408, 4th Floor

The Light Bulb

1 Filament Walk

London, United Kingdom

SW18 4GQ



T: 



0203 397 8891

E:
info@healthandfitnesstravel.com



Opening Hours

Mon-Fri: 9:00am - 6:00pm

Sat: 9:00am - 6:00pm

Sun: Closed



























All of our flight inclusive holidays are ATOL protected by the Civil Aviation Authority. Our ATOL number is T7354.












