Zighy Bay | Health and Fitness Travel































Share











HEALTH AND FITNESS TRAVEL experts in tailor-made healthy holidays


0203 397 8891


Opening Times:





Tue 05 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Wed 06 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Thu 07 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Fri 08 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Sat 09 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Sun 10 Dec:
Closed



Today: 9:00am - 6:00pm










Favourites


Favourites are empty

Use the Add to Favourites button on a package or resort






Recently Viewed


Recently Viewed are empty











Destinations




Asia


Bali

India

Java

Malaysia

Philippines

Thailand

Vietnam

Sri Lanka




Caribbean


Antigua

Grenada

Jamaica

St. Lucia

Turks & Caicos




Europe


Croatia

Cyprus

France

Greece

Italy

Malta

Portugal

Spain

Switzerland

Turkey

UK




Africa & Indian Ocean


Maldives

Mauritius

Morocco

South Africa

Tanzania




The Americas


Costa Rica

Mexico

Utah

Brazil

Florida




Middle East


Dubai

Oman




Australasia


Australia

New Zealand






View our Destinations Map







Holiday Types




Wellness


Spa

Spa & Sport

Yoga

Detox

Pilates

De-stress

Weight Loss

Healing

Meditation

Anti-ageing

Ayurveda Spa

Beach Spa

Spiritual & Holistic

Nutrition Friendly Retreats

Stop Smoking Holidays

Post-Cancer Recovery Retreats

Mindfulness

Emotional Healing

Sleep Enhancement Retreats




Tailored


Singles Holidays

Couples Healthy Holidays

Family Holidays

Adult Only

Gay Friendly Holidays




Active


Fitness

Fusion Fitness

BodyBreaks

Tennis

Sports Holidays

Cycling

Multi-Activity

Golf

Walking




Specialist


Ultimate Luxury Around the World Wellness Trip

Discover Recover Holidays

Group Retreats

Healthy Honeymoons

The Ultimate Collection

Learning Holidays

Twin & Multi Centre

All-inclusive

Affordable Healthy Holidays

Healthy Breaks

Hen Wellness Breaks

Pre-Wedding Health Retreats

Luxury Spa Breaks

Eco-Friendly Holidays

A Guide to Retreats

Life Coaching Retreats




Adventure


Bootcamp

Water Sports

Adventure

Skiing

Hiking & Trekking

Mountain Biking

Diving

Windsurfing




Seasonal


Spring Renewal

Summer Healthy Holidays

Winter Escapes

Christmas & New Year

Easter Retreats







When to Go



Offers



Advice



Blog






£
 GBP


$ USD


€ EUR


$ AUD























You are here:
Home
/

Destinations
/

Middle East
/

Oman
/

Zighy Bay






Zighy Bay






























Pricing Information


Low season
:  16 May – 30 September
Mid season:
28 April – 15 May & 1 – 20 December
High season:
21 December – 27 April &  1 October – 30 November


Prices based on 7 nights accommodation and include flights from UK (optional), daily breakfast and return private transfers (optional)




Singles From

£3,400
pp




Sharing From

£2,135
pp






Singles From

£5,520
pp




Sharing From

£2,910
pp




Low Season

High Season

Request a
Quote


Add to
Favourites


Tailor-make a
Holiday



























Packages

The Location

Health & Fitness

Accommodation

Reviews





This spectacular resort and spa, set in the Musandam Peninsula of Oman, uses natural therapies and highly skilled therapists to deliver the best individually tailored treatments. The luxurious and indulgently designed Six Senses spa is designed to elevate your senses and create a holistic experience. Using only natural products, the skilled therapists combine Eastern and Western techniques to rejuvenate and balance the senses. There are six spa rooms to choose from, two traditionally inspired Arabian Hammams, and a range of fitness classes and activities. The private secluded bay boasts 1.6km of broad sandy beach directly in front of the resort, with dramatic mountains behind, creating a stunning mix of surroundings. The sense of relaxation achieved here guarantees a stress free stay.



Choose a package:




Zighy Bay Sense of De-stress

Oman, Middle East

This is a holistic programme that allows you to relax, recharge your batteries, and release your tension. A combination of wellness activities and natural health treatments will stimulate your energy flow and awaken your senses. Calm your previous …



7 Nghts From

£2,620
pp




View






Zighy Bay Sense of Functional Fitness

Oman, Middle East

This active programme uses personal training and a variety of physical exercise to re-energise your body. Through a customised training programme, you will have the opportunity to focus on your own specific goals, be it muscle toning, cardiovascula…



7 Nights From

£2,835
pp




View






Zighy Bay Yogic Detox

Oman, Middle East

This healthy yogic detox holiday offers a steady approach to help you calm your mind while boosting your energy levels, through combining asanas (hatha yogic postures), pranayama (breath regulation), meditation and sat kriya (movement and breath exe…



7 Nights From

£3,420
pp




View






Zighy Bay Discover Yoga

Oman, Middle East

Reap the benefits that yoga has to offer on this healthy yoga holiday, by learning to control your mind whilst improving strength and flexibility. If you’re new to yoga or have never tried it before, this wellness retreat is the perfect way for you …



7 Nights From

£3,000
pp




View







Set on the headland of the Musandam Peninsula of Oman, the Six Senses Zighy Bay Resort sits in its own secluded bay, with spectacular mountains behind the resort, and 1.6km of broad sandy beach located right in front. The property is navigated by narrow passages and palm-shaded roads; the environment is virtually car-free, ensuring a quiet and calm atmosphere. Nearby is a picturesque fishing village, and the bustling capital city of Oman is only a 90 minute drive away.



Activities




- Non-motorised water sports (snorkelling, kayaking, water skiing & wake boarding)

- Mountain trekking & biking
- Guided off-road excursions
- Tandem paragliding
- Beach volleyball & tennis
- Micro-light aircraft
- Dive Centre, offering diving trips and courses with trained guide divers
- Marina, offering Yacht charters and mooring services
- Hand line fishing
- Sunset & Dhow cruises



Food & Restaraunts




From hilltop restaurants to in-villa dining, Zighy Bay ensures its guests receive a memorable culinary experience that suits their mood. All restaurant menus feature light wellness dishes and a variety of vegetarian and vegan meals.
Spice Market
This 68 seater restaurant is open for breakfast and dinner, and offers a variety of well balanced signature dishes inspired by Middle Eastern, Continental and pan Asian flavours.
Sense on the Edge & Drinks on the Edge
Set above the resort and overlooking the bay, this mountaintop location invites guests in for the views, the modern cuisine, and the signature cocktails. The Edge is an ambient and laid back location, and an ideal place to start your evening.
Summer House & The Terrace
Offering a variety of light lunch options such as paninis, foccacias, sandwiches and burgers, as well as sorbets, flavoured drinks and 42 different ice cream flavours.
Vinotheque – Wine Cellar
Holding a selection of the best labels from around the world, Vinotheque hosts regular wine tastings and wine and cheese evenings with the Master Sommelier, which gives guests the opportunity to learn about wine pairings and their individual taste palettes.
Zighy Bar
The wonderful open air bar offers a wide selection of cocktails, sundowners, wine coolers and accompanying tapas dishes. There is also a range of mocktails for those who don't feel like drinking.
In-Villa Dining
Any time of the day or night, guests are able to dine in the comfort of their own villas. Favoured options include a champagne breakfast, delicious barbecue on your private pool deck, and a private chef who can rustle up whatever you fancy.
Private Dining Experience
Enjoy creating your own menu with the top chef and Sommelier, and choose from a variety of dining locations in and around the bay.



Useful to Know




► This resort is child-friendly
► Visitors who have entered Dubai do not need an Omani visa to visit Zighy Bay
►The resort is relatively isolated, so be prepared to dine in-house every day, and to use the facilities for the majority of your stay. Meals are not included unless stated otherwise



Location













Facilities




2 x Bars
3 x Restaurants
Fully equipped fitness centre
Spa
Large swimming pool with poolside bar
Private marina
Secluded bay
Private beach
Zighy Souk, a traditional Oman market
Library stocked with books, CDs & DVDs
Children’s Club for ages 4-12 years



Services




Airport meet and greet and limousine transfer
Wi-Fi access in all villas and most public spaces
Bicycles provided for each villa
Beach service
Laundry & valet service
Butler service by villa team
On site nurse







The Spa




The Six Senses spa offers a range of luxurious and indulgent therapies designed to create a holistic experience. Using only natural products, the skilled therapists combine Eastern and Western techniques to rejuvenate and balance the senses. There are six spa rooms to choose from, as well as two traditionally inspired Arabian Hammams. The spa is open daily from 9am to 9pm.
The following treatments are available:

- Sensory therapies
- Asian therapies
- Ready made packages
- Facial therapies
- Massage therapies
- Bath rituals, body polish & cocoon
- Energy balancing therapies
- Spa beauty
- Activities
- Junior journeys
- Spa journeys
- Promotions & activities
- Wellness consultants



Wellness Approach




Zighy Bay's wellness team aim to elevate your senses with specialist treatments, locally inspired therapies, relaxation techniques, lifestyle analysis and various fitness activities. The surrounding environment and sense of relaxation when staying within the resort aid these wellness programmes, and create a happier life as a result.





Fitness/Group Classes





Please note that all group classes and activities shown are examples only and are subject to change and rotation, such as seasonal adjustments.

Sunrise stretching

Sunrise Pranayama

Boot camp training in Jungle Gym

Tennis training

Mat & ball exercise

Holistic classes

Aqua fit classes

Nutrition classes

Sundown power yoga

Sundown Hatha yoga

Sense of life meditation

Massage workshop











Designed as a perfect get away from the hustle and bustle of normal life, Zighy Bay is carefully styled to mirror local Omani culture. Each of the 79 villas, 2 Retreats and The Private Reserve features its own ‘infinity pool’ and seating area, offering complete privacy and seclusion.



Room Types




Pool Villa








An oasis built of natural stone and warm woods, your Omani enclave invites unwinding in the cool indoors under high indigenous-style ceilings, in the colourfully cushioned living area. Refresh outside within the privacy of high cobblestone walls, on your plumped up sun loungers and shaded living and dining areas that surround the swimming pool, and the traditional Omani summer house.

Floor Area
:
82m² / 883 sq ft




Spa Pool Villa








An oasis built of natural stone and warm woods, your Omani enclave invites unwinding in the cool indoors under high indigenous style ceilings, in your own double spa suite. Refresh outside within the privacy of high cobblestone walls, on your plumped up sun loungers and shaded living and dining areas that surround the swimming pool.

Floor Area
:
82m² / 883 sq ft




Pool Villa Suite








A personal oasis built of natural stone and warm woods, your Omani enclave invites unwinding in the cool indoors under high indigenous style ceilings in the colourfully cushioned living room and separate bedroom. Refresh outside within the privacy of high cobblestone walls, on your plumped up sun loungers and shaded living and dining areas that surround the swimming pool.

Floor Area:
126m² / 1,356 sq ft




Spa Pool Villa Suite








A spacious hideaway with separate bedroom, living room and in-villa spa for private treatments. A personal oasis built of natural stone and warm woods, your Omani enclave invites unwinding in the cool indoors under high indigenous-style ceilings in the colourfully cushioned living room and separate bedroom. Huge outside area within the privacy of high cobblestone walls, on your plumped up sun loungers and shaded living and dining areas, including a traditional Arabic summer house.

Floor Area
:
126m² / 1,356 sq ft




Pool Villa Beachfront








A beachfront oasis built of natural stone and warm woods, your Omani enclave invites unwinding in the cool indoors under high indigenous-style ceilings, in the colourfully cushioned living area and on your cloudlike bed. Refresh outside within the privacy of high cobblestone walls, on your plumped up sun loungers and shaded living and dining areas that surround the swimming pool.

Floor Area:
82m² / 883 sq ft




Pool Villa Suite Beachfront








A beachfront oasis built of natural stone and warm woods, your Omani enclave invites unwinding in the cool indoors under high indigenous-style ceilings in the colourfully cushioned living room and separate bedroom. Refresh outside within the privacy of high cobblestone walls, on your plumped up sun loungers and shaded living and dining areas that surround the swimming pool.

Floor Area:
126m² /1,356 sq ft




Zighy Pool Villa








This two-bedroom stone duplex invites unwinding in the cool indoors, downstairs under high Omani ceilings, in the colourfully cushioned living room and separate bedroom as well as upstairs on your panoramic balcony, cosy living area and in your master bedroom .Refresh outside within the privacy of high cobblestone walls, on plumped up sun loungers and shaded living and dining areas that surround the swimming pool.

Floor Area:
161m² /1,733 sq ft




Zighy Spa Pool Villa








This stone duplex invites unwinding in the cool indoors, downstairs under high Omani ceilings, in the colourfully cushioned living room and separate bedroom as well as upstairs in your double spa suite and master bedroom. Refresh outside within the privacy of high cobblestone walls, on plumped up sun loungers and shaded living and dining areas that surround the swimming pool.

Floor Area:
161m² /1,733 sq ft




Zighy Pool Villa Suite








This two-bedroom stone duplex invites unwinding in the cool indoors, downstairs under high Omani ceilings, in the colourfully cushioned living room and separate bedroom as well as upstairs on your panoramic balcony, cosy living area and in your master bedroom. Refresh outside within the privacy of high cobblestone walls, on plumped up sun loungers and shaded living and dining areas that surround the swimming pool.

Floor Area
:
218m² /2,347 sq ft




Zighy Pool Villa Suite Beachfront








Extra-large two-bedroom, two-bathroom duplex villa located directly on the beach. It invites unwinding in the cool indoors, downstairs under high Omani ceilings, in the colourfully cushioned living room and separate bedroom as well as upstairs on the panoramic balcony. There is private wine cellar and state-of-the-art entertainment system and is ideal for families or couples sharing.

Floor Area
:
218m² /2,347 sq ft




Zighy Spa Pool Villa  Suite Beachfront








Extra-large two-bedroom, two-bathroom duplex villa located directly on the beach. It invites unwinding in the cool indoors, downstairs under high Omani ceilings, in the colourfully cushioned living room and separate bedroom as well as upstairs on the panoramic balcony. There is a personal spa suite, a wine cellar and state-of-the-art entertainment system. Ideal for families or couples sharing.

Floor Area
:
218m² /2,347 sq ft








All Rooms Include




Premium TV channels
CD player
Climate control
Air conditioning
Ceiling fan
Minibar
Coffee/tea maker
Complimentary bottled water
Bathrobes
Complimentary toiletries
Hair dryer
Slippers
Flat-panel TV
In-room safe
DVD player
Welcome amenities
Complimentary Wi-Fi
Double sink
Cordless phone
Private pool








Our Reviews

Guest Reviews








Paul's review of Zighy Bay

Imagine all your Arabian dreams come true and that’s Zighy Bay, a luxury eco-friendly wellness retreat in Oman, amidst an arid yet heavenly mountainscape that dramatically falls into a turquoise blue sea. It’s a slice of secluded bliss that will have you soothed under a story tale sun....



Read full review...











Guest Reviews of Zighy Bay

This resort was the perfect place for my family with two young children to spend a holiday. The resort is beautiful and luxurious. The food is outstanding & plentiful. We found plenty to do. But we were really blown away by the service. For example, we had arranged a private sunset cruise, and decided on the day to bring our children instead of dropping them off at the kids club. There was a mix up and catering was unaware that our children were coming. Halfway through our cruise a speedboat pulled up next to us. At first I foolishly feared pirates. Instead it was from the resort, bringing a plate of cookies and brownies out to our kids. The staff in the restaurants were so incredibly accommodating to our kids picky tastes, bringing out plates of items not on the menu (french fries, apples) with a smile. Everyone in our family can't wait to go back.

This is a very casual place. Footwear is optional at all but one restaurant. The paths are sand. Bring your Havianas, not your Jimmy Choos. While the resort is fantastic for kids, I think I would enjoy it equally as just a couple. Every villa has its own pool, so you have a great deal of privacy.

We were on full board, so we only had to pay additional for alcohol & activities. I definitely think this is the way to go. The food here far exceeded our expectations. Amazing buffets with lobster & steak as well as special Arabic feasts were all included. Our one bedroom villa easily slept our family of four. The two couches were made into beds. Our oldest was 5. If the kids were teenagers this would have been really tight. Don't plan on leaving the resort (for meals, shopping). It is completely and wonderfully isolated. Internet & phone connections were available but not always great or super fast.

- American-in-London, Trip Advisor Review - October 2015



The location is stunning with an approach road and view guaranteed to take your breath away.The hotel resort provides the very best of style and comfort. Each guest room /villa is tastefully appointed in traditional style, yet fully equipped to the highest standards, with all modern comforts. Free Wi Fi is available throughout the resort. Activities are available for the more adventurous and include such pastimes as mountain climbing, para- gliding and walking, amongst others. Three, five and seven day programmes are designed, by qualified practitioners, to provide a series of treatments and activities to ‘stimulate the body’s natural healing pathways and encourage regeneration and cleansing.’ , though no pressure is exerted to those who just want to enjoy the resort and ‘chill out’.


-
SheilaWestYork, Trip Advisor Review - January 2014




Submit a review















Site Links

Useful Information


Destinations

Holiday Types

Blog

Advice

Offers

Top 10s

Press

Jobs

Corporate Wellness

Terms & Conditions

Privacy Policy



Contact Us

__________

Visit our
Australian
site

About Us

Our Philosophy

Why Book With Us

Testimonials

Glossary

Sitemap

Newsletter Signup

Request a Call Back




Our Experts


Health and Fitness Team






Our Travel Specialists have years of experience in finding the perfect healthy holiday to match your needs.

Call and speak to one of our specialists now on +44 (0) 203 397 8891.

Meet our Travel Specialists!





Contact Us

Get in Touch


Health and Fitness Travel

Unit 408, 4th Floor

The Light Bulb

1 Filament Walk

London, United Kingdom

SW18 4GQ



T: 



0203 397 8891

E:
info@healthandfitnesstravel.com



Opening Hours

Mon-Fri: 9:00am - 6:00pm

Sat: 9:00am - 6:00pm

Sun: Closed



























All of our flight inclusive holidays are ATOL protected by the Civil Aviation Authority. Our ATOL number is T7354.












