Terms & Conditions | Health and Fitness Travel


























Share











HEALTH AND FITNESS TRAVEL experts in tailor-made healthy holidays


0203 397 8891


Opening Times:





Tue 05 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Wed 06 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Thu 07 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Fri 08 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Sat 09 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Sun 10 Dec:
Closed



Today: 9:00am - 6:00pm










Favourites


Favourites are empty

Use the Add to Favourites button on a package or resort






Recently Viewed


Recently Viewed are empty











Destinations




Asia


Bali

India

Java

Malaysia

Philippines

Thailand

Vietnam

Sri Lanka




Caribbean


Antigua

Grenada

Jamaica

St. Lucia

Turks & Caicos




Europe


Croatia

Cyprus

France

Greece

Italy

Malta

Portugal

Spain

Switzerland

Turkey

UK




Africa & Indian Ocean


Maldives

Mauritius

Morocco

South Africa

Tanzania




The Americas


Costa Rica

Mexico

Utah

Brazil

Florida




Middle East


Dubai

Oman




Australasia


Australia

New Zealand






View our Destinations Map







Holiday Types




Wellness


Spa

Spa & Sport

Yoga

Detox

Pilates

De-stress

Weight Loss

Healing

Meditation

Anti-ageing

Ayurveda Spa

Beach Spa

Spiritual & Holistic

Nutrition Friendly Retreats

Stop Smoking Holidays

Post-Cancer Recovery Retreats

Mindfulness

Emotional Healing

Sleep Enhancement Retreats




Tailored


Singles Holidays

Couples Healthy Holidays

Family Holidays

Adult Only

Gay Friendly Holidays




Active


Fitness

Fusion Fitness

BodyBreaks

Tennis

Sports Holidays

Cycling

Multi-Activity

Golf

Walking




Specialist


Ultimate Luxury Around the World Wellness Trip

Discover Recover Holidays

Group Retreats

Healthy Honeymoons

The Ultimate Collection

Learning Holidays

Twin & Multi Centre

All-inclusive

Affordable Healthy Holidays

Healthy Breaks

Hen Wellness Breaks

Pre-Wedding Health Retreats

Luxury Spa Breaks

Eco-Friendly Holidays

A Guide to Retreats

Life Coaching Retreats




Adventure


Bootcamp

Water Sports

Adventure

Skiing

Hiking & Trekking

Mountain Biking

Diving

Windsurfing




Seasonal


Spring Renewal

Summer Healthy Holidays

Winter Escapes

Christmas & New Year

Easter Retreats







When to Go



Offers



Advice



Blog






£
 GBP


$ USD


€ EUR


$ AUD























You are here:
Home
/

Terms and Conditions





Terms & Conditions






Please read these booking conditions carefully as they are the sole terms and conditions of the contract between you and Health and Fitness Travel for all bookings.

A 'booking' refers to any confirmed invoice of reservation sent via email or post.
A 'holiday' refers to any booking made.
‘Hotel’ refers to the supplier of your main holidays elements (i.e. accommodation)

1. Prices
All prices listed are per person and are all in pounds sterling unless otherwise stated.
We reserve the right to change or amend prices at any time before you have booked. Once your booking is made, the price you received is guaranteed unless changes to the booking are made. Prices will fluctuate depending on the foreign exchange rate for the relevant country. Please be aware that we also reserve the right to increase the total cost of your holiday prior to your departure if currency fluctuations between GBP and your respective destination’s currency results in the costs to us of providing your holiday rise by more than 2%. Any increase will be no more than 10%.

2. Deposits and Payments
A deposit of 30% of the total booking fee is required at the time of the booking, or the value of the included flight plus 15% of the total booking fee, whichever is greater. Deposits are non-refundable, but may be transferrable to a new booking; this process of transferring may only be carried out once; you must inform us 8 weeks or more before departure. For all holiday bookings, full payment must be received no less than 10 weeks prior to departure or at the time of booking if any part of the holiday falls between 20 December and 5 January. If full payment is not received by these dates, we reserve the right to cancel your booking, along with any relevant cancellation charges as set out below. If we do not receive payment by cheque or bank payment for any booking within 5 days of confirming your booking, we reserve the right to charge your debit/credit card for the applicable amount as set out in these terms and conditions. Your booking is only confirmed once you have received confirmation from Health and Fitness Travel via email through receipt of a booking voucher.
We may require full payment at the time of booking, as some of our supplier and hotel contracts may have stricter terms those covered in our terms. All monies received prior to 70 days before departure will therefore equate to your deposit.

3. Amendments
Changes to a booking may be possible 8 weeks or earlier prior to departure but cannot be guaranteed. An amendment fee of £50 per person will apply to all changes, including any cancellation/amendment charges made by suppliers. If changes to the dates of travel are made, the new departure date must be within exactly 365 days from the original departure date when the booking was first made. Amendments to flights are subject to separate rules held by the airline or our flight supplier and may differ (usually more strict). If you booked your own flights and we are arranging your ground transfers you must give us at least 7 days notice prior for any flight arrival time amendment to ensure we can amend your transfer without incurring an additional supplier amendment fee or full cancellation fee.

4. Cancellations
If you cancel a booking the following charges will apply:




Period of notice before departure

Cancellation charge



More than 70 days

Deposit



57 - 70 days

50% of the holiday cost
or
deposit if greater



29 - 56 days

75% of the holiday cost
or
deposit if greater



0 - 28 days

100% of the holiday cost





If you fail to turn up to any part of the holiday, 100% of the holiday cost will still be charged. The period of notice refers to the number of days prior to the departure date in the booking that we receive
written
notification of your holiday cancellation. The holiday cost also includes flights. Refunds can only be made on our receipt of any travel documentation sent via post to you. Where a deposit was not taken, a £50 cancellation fee will apply to all bookings with a departure date greater than 56 days from the time date of cancellation.

5. Flights
All low-cost or non-refundable flights that are booked cannot be refunded if either a) the holiday is cancelled by you, or b) the holiday is cancelled by us. These flights must also be paid in full on booking.

6. Changes made by Health and Fitness Travel
In the unlikely event that we need to significantly amend (e.g. change flight timings by 6 hours or more, downgrade accommodation etc.) or cancel your holiday, you can choose from one of the following options:

i) Book another available holiday from us; paying or receiving the difference in price.
ii) Cancelling your holiday with a refund (less any supplier costs of ours and any previous amendment fees).
iii) Accept any amendments made to your holiday.

We will inform you of any amendments to your holiday. Remember any changes made are from causes outside our control and we reserve the right to make these changes. We are not liable for any forced cancellations or changes that stem from adverse weather conditions, acts of God, fire, floods, terrorism, civil strife or riots, war, strikes, airport closures or any other circumstance that is beyond our control resulting in force majeure.

7. Travel Insurance
All persons under your booking must have travel insurance as Health and Fitness Travel cannot be held responsible for any liability, losses, or expenses you may incur. We strongly advise comprehensive travel insurance that cover our policies for amendments or cancellation charges is purchased at the time of booking.

8. Our responsibility
Health and Fitness Travel acts as a booking agent or as a principal on behalf of a Hotel for the relevant supplier (i.e. hotel) and cannot be held liable in any way if you or any person under the booking suffers from illness, bodily harm, or death unless caused by our own negligence. We ensure the core elements of your holiday are to an acceptable standard as described for the corresponding booking at the time of book. We may create dynamic/split packages consisting of different holidays elements (e.g. accommodation, your flight, car hire etc.) and source these through different channels thereby offering you one cost for all elements of the package; this allows us to seek more competitive prices.

Your Financial Protection
When you buy an ATOL protected flight or flight inclusive holiday from us you will receive an ATOL Certificate. This lists what is financially protected, where you can get information on what this means for you and who to contact if things go wrong.

9. Your responsibility
Please remember that you are responsible for your actions and all members under your booking. If it is believed that any member of your party causes offence, distress, danger, damage or annoyance to either other guests, staff or property, we may terminate your booking and holiday with immediate effect. Thereafter we will not take responsibility for any party member; our contract with you will be terminated and the full cost of the holiday forfeited without any compensation or refund or expenses you may incur.

It is your responsibility to ensure that any visas in your booking party necessary to travel to the destination you have booked are organised and arranged by yourselves, this is not Health and Fitness Travel's responsibility. Before booking and taking part in any holiday programme/package, we do advise consulting a doctor for your suitability in taking part. It is also your responsibility to advise us of any medical of heath conditions that may affect your participation in holiday and/or programme, failing to do so may result in aspects of your holiday being altered or cancelled.

If you are booking your own flights or any other means of transportation, please do not book these until your booking has been confirmed by Health and Fitness Travel after receiving a booking reference number on email from us - this confirmation means we have availability for all our suppliers necessary to fulfil all elements that make up your booking.

You should ensure that you have a valid ten year passport and, as many countries require expiry dates on passports to be a considerable length of time after the return from holiday, we would recommend that your passport is valid for 6 months after return. All children from birth require their own passport when travelling.

Please note that we are not open 24 hours a day and do not have an emergency out-of-hours contact should an emergency arise outside our opening hours which can be found on the top right of our website, we cannot therefore be held liable for any costs as a result from missed flights, transfers or accommodation. Should any urgent situation arise please leave a voicemail and we will respond as quickly as possible. For training purposes and your own security, your call may be monitored and recorded.


10. Problems and complaints
If you have a complaint whilst you're on holiday, please bring this to the attention of the office/hotelier/supplier immediately so you have the best chance of resolving your issue; failure to do so may hinder any claim you wish you make on return. If you are still unable to resolve your issue please contact us so that we can be best equipped to help you whilst you are away. If you wish to complain on return, you must do so within 28 days from the day of arrival back home.

11. Payment
We do not charge for UK Debit Cards. Use of Debit Cards from accounts outside the UK, any MasterCard or any Visa Credit Card is subject to a 1.9% surcharge on the total holiday cost; American Express cards are subject to a 2% surcharge.
All refunds made will exclude the original credit card or American Express card surcharge amount as this charge is not refunded back to us by the card issuer when a refund is made.

12. Your Holiday

Group class schedules and the classes themselves are run by the Hotel, listed on Health and Fitness Travel's website or listed in the holiday/package contents or by email, are example schedules only and are subject to variation, cancellation and availability. In some cases classes need to be booked in advance - please check with a member of sales to confirm this before booking or your arrival. In the event of complimentary classes or activities being cancelled, Health and Fitness Travel cannot be held responsible for these cancellations; this also applies to one-to-one Fusion Fitness programme inclusions whereby the expert, trainer or therapist is not available. We always do our best to ensure your holiday inclusions are as originally booked but in some cases this is not always possible.

All tours and excursions included within your holiday, including our Discover Recover holidays, are subject to amendments and cancellations as these are out of our control and subject to changes by the respective local Tour Companies who run these. We will always do our best to find you an alternative tour or solution if one is available. Despite pre-booking tours, tours are subject to minimum numbers in order to operate and therefore clients will receive confirmation of date of operation from a representative once in resort.

After you have booked your holiday with us we may pass on your contact email address and telephone number to the hotel or organisers for reasons to ensure pre-reading material, health concerns or holiday preferences can be organised.

Contact
0203 397 8891
info (at) healthandfitnesstravel.com
Written Correspondence: - Health and Fitness Travel Ltd, 69 Argento Tower, Mapleton Road, London SW18 4GB









Site Links

Useful Information


Destinations

Holiday Types

Blog

Advice

Offers

Top 10s

Press

Jobs

Corporate Wellness

Terms & Conditions

Privacy Policy



Contact Us

__________

Visit our
Australian
site

About Us

Our Philosophy

Why Book With Us

Testimonials

Glossary

Sitemap

Newsletter Signup

Request a Call Back




Our Experts


Health and Fitness Team






Our Travel Specialists have years of experience in finding the perfect healthy holiday to match your needs.

Call and speak to one of our specialists now on +44 (0) 203 397 8891.

Meet our Travel Specialists!





Contact Us

Get in Touch


Health and Fitness Travel

Unit 408, 4th Floor

The Light Bulb

1 Filament Walk

London, United Kingdom

SW18 4GQ



T: 



0203 397 8891

E:
info@healthandfitnesstravel.com



Opening Hours

Mon-Fri: 9:00am - 6:00pm

Sat: 9:00am - 6:00pm

Sun: Closed



























All of our flight inclusive holidays are ATOL protected by the Civil Aviation Authority. Our ATOL number is T7354.












