Shanti Maurice Physique | Health and Fitness Travel































Share











HEALTH AND FITNESS TRAVEL experts in tailor-made healthy holidays


0203 397 8891


Opening Times:





Tue 05 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Wed 06 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Thu 07 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Fri 08 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Sat 09 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Sun 10 Dec:
Closed



Today: 9:00am - 6:00pm










Favourites


Favourites are empty

Use the Add to Favourites button on a package or resort






Recently Viewed


Recently Viewed are empty











Destinations




Asia


Bali

India

Java

Malaysia

Philippines

Thailand

Vietnam

Sri Lanka




Caribbean


Antigua

Grenada

Jamaica

St. Lucia

Turks & Caicos




Europe


Croatia

Cyprus

France

Greece

Italy

Malta

Portugal

Spain

Switzerland

Turkey

UK




Africa & Indian Ocean


Maldives

Mauritius

Morocco

South Africa

Tanzania




The Americas


Costa Rica

Mexico

Utah

Brazil

Florida




Middle East


Dubai

Oman




Australasia


Australia

New Zealand






View our Destinations Map







Holiday Types




Wellness


Spa

Spa & Sport

Yoga

Detox

Pilates

De-stress

Weight Loss

Healing

Meditation

Anti-ageing

Ayurveda Spa

Beach Spa

Spiritual & Holistic

Nutrition Friendly Retreats

Stop Smoking Holidays

Post-Cancer Recovery Retreats

Mindfulness

Emotional Healing

Sleep Enhancement Retreats




Tailored


Singles Holidays

Couples Healthy Holidays

Family Holidays

Adult Only

Gay Friendly Holidays




Active


Fitness

Fusion Fitness

BodyBreaks

Tennis

Sports Holidays

Cycling

Multi-Activity

Golf

Walking




Specialist


Ultimate Luxury Around the World Wellness Trip

Discover Recover Holidays

Group Retreats

Healthy Honeymoons

The Ultimate Collection

Learning Holidays

Twin & Multi Centre

All-inclusive

Affordable Healthy Holidays

Healthy Breaks

Hen Wellness Breaks

Pre-Wedding Health Retreats

Luxury Spa Breaks

Eco-Friendly Holidays

A Guide to Retreats

Life Coaching Retreats




Adventure


Bootcamp

Water Sports

Adventure

Skiing

Hiking & Trekking

Mountain Biking

Diving

Windsurfing




Seasonal


Spring Renewal

Summer Healthy Holidays

Winter Escapes

Christmas & New Year

Easter Retreats







When to Go



Offers



Advice



Blog






£
 GBP


$ USD


€ EUR


$ AUD























You are here:
Home
/

Destinations
/

Africa & Indian Ocean
/

Mauritius
/

Shanti Maurice
/

Shanti Maurice Physique






Shanti Maurice Physique

































Pricing Information


Low season
: 15 April – 30 September & 1 December – 22 December
Mid season:
7 January – 14 April & 1 October – 30 November
High season
: 23 December – 6 January


Prices based on 7 nights accommodation and include flights from UK (optional), half board and return private transfers (optional)




Singles From

£3,855
pp




Sharing From

£2,895
pp






Singles From

£4,655
pp




Sharing From

£3,345
pp




Low Season

High Season

Request a
Quote


Add to
Favourites


Tailor-make a
Holiday



























Overview

The Location

Health & Fitness

Accommodation

Reviews





This 7, 14 or 21 day health and fitness programme will let you tone muscles, cleanse out toxins, calm your mind and restore an overstressed body, leaving you rejuvenated and revitalised. A wellness and fitness consultation welcomes you, followed by tennis, yoga, meditation and spa treatments at this beautiful chic retreat. There is also a daily scheduled health and fitness programme with lots of activities including yoga, Pilates, cooking classes, morning powerwalks, water sports, snorkelling tennis and exercise classes. You can be as busy or as quiet as you like.



What's Included




7 Day Programme

- 1 x Wellness consultation (30 min)
- 1 x Fitness/yoga consultation (30 min)
- 3 x Personalised fitness training sessions (60 min)
- 1 x Pilates class (60 min)
- 1 x Personalised yoga lesson (55 min)
- 1 x Pranayama or guided meditation (45 min)
- 1 x Natural body scrub (45 min)
- 2 x Slimming OR detox bodywrap (45 min)
- 1 x Dosha specific Ayurvedic therapy (<55 min)
- 1 x Shanti touch massage (30 min)
- 1 x Shanti Fusion (55 min)
- 1 x Lifestyle recommendation session (30 min)
- 1 x Complimentary bag with 2 detox OR slimming products


- Complimentary attendance to group classes including: yoga, pranayama, meditation, morning powerwalks or jogging, aqua fit, tennis, circuits and legs & bums
(subject to change)
- Unlimited use of all facilities such as steam room, sauna, swimming pools and Jacuzzi






7 nights accommodation
(alternative durations allowed)




Half board
(other board options available)




Return private transfers
(included, but optional)




Return flights from UK
(included, but optional)




14 Day Programme

- 2 x Wellness consultation (30 min)
- 1 x Fitness/yoga consultation (30 min)
- 5 x Personalised fitness training sessions (60 min)
- 3 x Pilates class (60 min)
- 2 x Personalised yoga lesson (55 min)
- 2 x Pranayama or guided meditation (45 min)
- 2 x Natural body scrub (45 min)
- 3 x Slimming OR detox bodywrap (45 min)
- 2 x Dosha specific Ayurvedic therapy (<55 min)
- 2 x Shanti touch massage (30 min)
- 2 x Deep tissue OR Balinese OR Swedish massage (55 min)
- 1 x Shanti Fusion (55 min)
- 1 x Authentic Thai massage (85 min)
- 1 x Lifestyle recommendation session (30 min)
- 1 x Complimentary bag with 2 detox OR slimming products


- Complimentary attendance to group classes including: yoga, pranayama, meditation, morning powerwalks or jogging, aqua fit, tennis, circuits and legs & bums
(subject to change)
- Unlimited use of all facilities such as steam room, sauna, swimming pools and Jacuzzi






14 nights accommodation
(alternative durations allowed)




Half board
(other board options available)




Return private transfers
(included, but optional)




Return flights from UK
(included, but optional)




21 Day Programme

- 3 x Wellness consultation (30 min)
- 1 x Fitness/yoga consultation (30 min)
- 7 x Personalised fitness training sessions (60 min)
- 5 x Pilates class (60 min)
- 3 x Personalised yoga lesson (55 min)
- 3 x Pranayama or guided meditation (45 min)
- 2 x Natural body scrub (45 min)
- 4 x Slimming OR detox bodywrap (45 min)
- 4 x Dosha specific Ayurvedic therapy (<55 min)
- 3 x Shanti touch massage (30 min)
- 3 x Deep tissue OR Balinese OR Swedish massage (55 min)
- 2 x Shanti Fusion (55 min)
- 2 x Authentic Thai massage (85 min)
- 1 x Lifestyle recommendation session (30 min)
- 1 x Complimentary bag with 2 detox OR slimming products


- Complimentary attendance to group classes including: yoga, pranayama, meditation, morning powerwalks or jogging, aqua fit, tennis, circuits and legs & bums
(subject to change)
- Unlimited use of all facilities such as steam room, sauna, swimming pools and Jacuzzi






21 nights accommodation
(alternative durations allowed)




Half board
(other board options available)




Return private transfers
(included, but optional)




Return flights from UK
(included, but optional)








Our Reviews

Guest Reviews








Shanti Maurice; My-health & fitness holiday getaway

Located in the untouched south of Mauritius, set in a tranquil bay on a curving lagoon of white sand Shanti Maurice is the ideal holiday destination to rejuvenate mind, body and soul. With a choice of many other luxury resorts in Mauritius, I considered myself lucky to have found this gem of a place.



Read full review...











Guest Reviews of Shanti Maurice


Exhausted, looking for a rest? looking for invisible low key, barefoot luxury? possibly you also look for yoga and aryuvedic treatments. this is the spot! while you you take a break from a hectic live, enjoy excellent food, world class treatments and very comfortable rooms as close to the ocean as it gets. This hotel has it all: small, intimate, yet big enough to offer effortless all services you expect from a 5 star hotel. chef willi reinbacher offers on its menus such a large selection of food that one never gets bored. the garden-fresh salads (own garden!!!) are to die for.

I came here with the wish to recharge my batteries and (invisibly) gain back physical strength by intense yoga. and yes- this was possible. my husband had an individualised aryvedic cure (by dr. arun -thank you dr. arun :) without missing out on the feeling of being on a very nice tropic holiday.

I can only recommend shanti to anyone who can't afford a vaction to go wrong as time is the most precious commodity we have.

-
clearwaters73, Trip Advisor Review - November 2013


Situated in the quieter part of Mauritius, this hotel/spa is luxurious. The decor is tasteful, surrounds peaceful, great staff. Amenities are of good quality and villas have space.

The staff everywhere are attentive, friendly and helpful.

The food is expensive, as are drinks - so consider this in your budget. The spa has a great pool and steam/ sauna are nice. Massages are pricey but worth it.

Overall a very nice holiday.


- roadwarrior0, Trip Advisor Review - October 2013




Submit a review




You might also like...





Paradis Plage Fusion Fitness™

Morocco, Africa & Indian Ocean



Enjoy a mix of yoga, surfing, spa and hiking on our exclusive Fusion Fitness™ holiday at Paradis Plage in Morocco. From the beach front yoga pavilion to the traditional Moroccan spa, design your own programme to suit your goals and interes…







Karkloof Safari Spa

South Africa, Africa & Indian Ocean



On an all-inclusive holiday at Karkloof, you can improve your health and encounter the stunning bio-diversity of South Africa at the same time. In addition to spotting giraffes, zebras, and rhinos on safari with your private guide and vehi…













Other Packages at:


Shanti Maurice


Fusion Fitness
Ayurveda Rejuvenation
De-stress
Detox




Key Information:



Location:
Mauritius

Transfer time:
30 min


Flight duration from UK:
12 hrs




Special Offers




Up to 45% discount

35% Discount for holidays from 7 January - 14 April and 1 October - 30 November
45% Discount for holidays from 15 April - 30 September and 1 - 22 December


Half Price Family Offer

Book 2 Junior Suites and pay for 1


20% Discount

Valid for stays between:
1 November to 25 December 2017
8 January 2018 to 25 December 2018
8 January 2019 to 31 October 2019

Booked before 31 January 2018


Added Value Offer

Spa Credit voucher to the value of 120 GBP, per person per stay
Valid for bookings before 31 Oct 2018, minimum 5 night stay


20% Festive Season Discount

Valid for stays between:
26 December 2017 to January 2018

Booked before 20 December 2017




Awards







Winner

World Luxury Spa Awards 2012







Spa Awards 2013

Best Luxury Resort Spa in the Indian Ocean







Condé Nast Traveller's Top 30

The Readers' Spa Awards 2012







Winner

TripAdvisor Travellers' Choice 2012






We Like




We recommend attending Grandmas Kitchen, usually organised every Thursday where you get the opportunity to experience Mauritian food and their culture. Be sure to visit the daily morning yoga classes with exceptional teachers. The staff here are superb and will always do whatever they can to make you feel extremely welcome.







Shanti Maurice is spread over 35 acres of tropical gardens, with unparalleled views of the surrounding hills and offshore reefs, the resort is located in the south coast of Mauritius Airport. Nestling between sugarcane fields and the turquoise waters of the Indian Ocean, Shanti Maurice satisfies all the senses. With exotic gardens, pristine white sands, a sublime spa, spacious accommodation and restaurants brimming with fresh ideas, you'll find a place, and people, devoted to pleasure. Discover the healing benefits of world class spa treatments; try a private class of yoga, cooking lesson, meditation, a game of tennis or experience the fitness activities - kayaking, golf, windsurfing, morning Powerwalks and more. You can be as busy or as quiet as you want to at Shanti.



Activities




- Golf
- Tennis
- Kayaking
- Dolphin watching
- Group sailing
- Windsurfing
- Snorkelling sessions
- Outdoor pursuits
- Cultural activities
- Vedanta sessions
- Yoga and Pranayama sessions
- Pilates
- Traditional meditation
- Ayurveda Lecture
- Fitness Sessions
- Well-being programmes with visiting masters
- Garden tours
- Cooking classes



Food & Restaurants




The esteemed culinary experience on offer at Shanti Maurice is imaginative and innovative. Local produce is sourced fresh from the ocean, garden, or farms close by and promises to please even the most discerning of palates.
Stars
This restaurant looks over the starlit Indian Ocean and offers exquisite cuisine of South African influences.
Pebbles
Enjoy all-day dining at
Pebbles
and experience the rich culinary delights of Mauritius.
Fish and Rhum Shack
For a more authentic feel of the local gastronomy, the Fish and Rhum Shack
grills fresh fish, meat and game on the beachside accompanied by a range of cocktails and beer.
Grandma's Kitchen
Grandma’s Kitchen offers guests the opportunity to dine at the home of one of the team member’s grandmother.
Red Ginger Lounge
For views across the infinity pool,
Red Ginger Lounge is the place to meet for a late-night drink or alfresco and indoor dining.

Guests can also choose to experience the ultimate picnic with wholesome meals created by the chefs to sample in your favourite shady picnic spot. Within the Nira Spa, optimum health and dietary change is promoted through the ‘Wellness Cuisine’ where fresh, light and nutritional food is prepared.



Useful to Know




► The official currency is the Mauritian Rupee (MUR), however, the Euro is widely accepted in most shops.
► The local climate is tropical, with temperatures averaging from 30 Celsius in December to 22 Celsius in June; there is a warm, dry winter from May to November and a hot and humid summer from November to May.



Location











Facilities




2 x Floodlit tennis courts
1 x Golf course
3 x Restuarants
Spa
Fitness centre
3 x Swimming pools
Lounge with bar
Library
Boutique
Kids club
Garden
Beach



Services




Limousine and helicopter services available upon request
Butler service







The Spa




The spacious Nira Spa allows you to awaken your senses, restore mental wellbeing and revitalise your spirits. Nutritionists, personal trainers, Ayurvedic physicians and yoga masters collaborate to ensure guests feel mentally positive and physically rejuvenated. Through a mix of ancient regimes and modern wellness regimes, unique treatments are created, designed to go beyond rediscovering tranquillity.



Wellness Approach




The Nira Spa at Shanti Maurice focuses on the connection between mind, body and spirit, enabling you to explore your inner self. At the Nira Spa, your intellect as well as your body is taken on a journey with holistic therapies and wellness regimes for a complete harmony between inner and outer self.





Fitness / Group Classes





Please note that all group classes and activities shown are examples only and are subject to change and rotation, such as seasonal adjustments.

Fitness consultation and assessment

Personal training

Pilates (apparatus)

Pilates (floor mat)

Individual full body stretch

Couples full body stretch

Aquafit

Personalised yoga sessions

Meditation sessions

Tennis







The suites and villas at Shanti Maurice are all ocean-facing and are among the most generously proportioned in Mauritius. The villas all have private pools and are surrounded by exotic private gardens, terraces and courtyards.



Room Types




Junior Suite








The 44 Junior Suites are among the most generously proportioned in Mauritius. Designed to blend modernity with practicality, they’re housed in attractive villa buildings with four suites per villa.

Floor Area:
81m² / 872 sq ft




Luxury Villas








The eight Luxury Villas have a temperature-controlled swimming pool, a garden and an enclosed courtyard with an outdoor rain shower and lounge beds.

Floor Area:
208m² / 2,239 sq ft




2 Bedroom Suite Villa








With two bedrooms, two bathrooms with separate dressing rooms and a large living room, these Villas are ideal for a family or friends.

Floor Area:
500m² / 5,382 sq ft




Shanti Villa








Offering unrivalled space and unsurpassed privacy, the Shanti Villa is the ultimate blissful retreat. This stylish sanctuary, with phenomenal views across the bay, suits the most discerning guests, who wish to reside in privileged splendour with personal, discrete service.

Floor Area:
800m² / 8,611 sq ft








All Rooms Include




DVD player
CD player
Balcony
Soundproofed rooms
Climate control
Ceiling fan
Air conditioning
Complimentary newspaper
Complimentary bottled water
Minibar
Coffee/tea maker
Hair dryer
Jetted bathtub
Bidet
Separate bathtub and shower
Welcome amenities
Separate dining area
In-room safe
Complimentary wired high-speed Internet
iPod docking station
LCD TV







Our Reviews

Guest Reviews








Shanti Maurice; My-health & fitness holiday getaway

Located in the untouched south of Mauritius, set in a tranquil bay on a curving lagoon of white sand Shanti Maurice is the ideal holiday destination to rejuvenate mind, body and soul. With a choice of many other luxury resorts in Mauritius, I considered myself lucky to have found this gem of a place.



Read full review...











Guest Reviews of Shanti Maurice


Exhausted, looking for a rest? looking for invisible low key, barefoot luxury? possibly you also look for yoga and aryuvedic treatments. this is the spot! while you you take a break from a hectic live, enjoy excellent food, world class treatments and very comfortable rooms as close to the ocean as it gets. This hotel has it all: small, intimate, yet big enough to offer effortless all services you expect from a 5 star hotel. chef willi reinbacher offers on its menus such a large selection of food that one never gets bored. the garden-fresh salads (own garden!!!) are to die for.

I came here with the wish to recharge my batteries and (invisibly) gain back physical strength by intense yoga. and yes- this was possible. my husband had an individualised aryvedic cure (by dr. arun -thank you dr. arun :) without missing out on the feeling of being on a very nice tropic holiday.

I can only recommend shanti to anyone who can't afford a vaction to go wrong as time is the most precious commodity we have.

-
clearwaters73, Trip Advisor Review - November 2013


Situated in the quieter part of Mauritius, this hotel/spa is luxurious. The decor is tasteful, surrounds peaceful, great staff. Amenities are of good quality and villas have space.

The staff everywhere are attentive, friendly and helpful.

The food is expensive, as are drinks - so consider this in your budget. The spa has a great pool and steam/ sauna are nice. Massages are pricey but worth it.

Overall a very nice holiday.


- roadwarrior0, Trip Advisor Review - October 2013




Submit a review













Site Links

Useful Information


Destinations

Holiday Types

Blog

Advice

Offers

Top 10s

Press

Jobs

Corporate Wellness

Terms & Conditions

Privacy Policy



Contact Us

__________

Visit our
Australian
site

About Us

Our Philosophy

Why Book With Us

Testimonials

Glossary

Sitemap

Newsletter Signup

Request a Call Back




Our Experts


Health and Fitness Team






Our Travel Specialists have years of experience in finding the perfect healthy holiday to match your needs.

Call and speak to one of our specialists now on +44 (0) 203 397 8891.

Meet our Travel Specialists!





Contact Us

Get in Touch


Health and Fitness Travel

Unit 408, 4th Floor

The Light Bulb

1 Filament Walk

London, United Kingdom

SW18 4GQ



T: 



0203 397 8891

E:
info@healthandfitnesstravel.com



Opening Hours

Mon-Fri: 9:00am - 6:00pm

Sat: 9:00am - 6:00pm

Sun: Closed



























All of our flight inclusive holidays are ATOL protected by the Civil Aviation Authority. Our ATOL number is T7354.












