Ananda in the Himalayas | Health and Fitness Travel































Share











HEALTH AND FITNESS TRAVEL experts in tailor-made healthy holidays


0203 397 8891


Opening Times:





Tue 05 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Wed 06 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Thu 07 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Fri 08 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Sat 09 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Sun 10 Dec:
Closed



Today: 9:00am - 6:00pm










Favourites


Favourites are empty

Use the Add to Favourites button on a package or resort






Recently Viewed


Recently Viewed are empty











Destinations




Asia


Bali

India

Java

Malaysia

Philippines

Thailand

Vietnam

Sri Lanka




Caribbean


Antigua

Grenada

Jamaica

St. Lucia

Turks & Caicos




Europe


Croatia

Cyprus

France

Greece

Italy

Malta

Portugal

Spain

Switzerland

Turkey

UK




Africa & Indian Ocean


Maldives

Mauritius

Morocco

South Africa

Tanzania




The Americas


Costa Rica

Mexico

Utah

Brazil

Florida




Middle East


Dubai

Oman




Australasia


Australia

New Zealand






View our Destinations Map







Holiday Types




Wellness


Spa

Spa & Sport

Yoga

Detox

Pilates

De-stress

Weight Loss

Healing

Meditation

Anti-ageing

Ayurveda Spa

Beach Spa

Spiritual & Holistic

Nutrition Friendly Retreats

Stop Smoking Holidays

Post-Cancer Recovery Retreats

Mindfulness

Emotional Healing

Sleep Enhancement Retreats




Tailored


Singles Holidays

Couples Healthy Holidays

Family Holidays

Adult Only

Gay Friendly Holidays




Active


Fitness

Fusion Fitness

BodyBreaks

Tennis

Sports Holidays

Cycling

Multi-Activity

Golf

Walking




Specialist


Ultimate Luxury Around the World Wellness Trip

Discover Recover Holidays

Group Retreats

Healthy Honeymoons

The Ultimate Collection

Learning Holidays

Twin & Multi Centre

All-inclusive

Affordable Healthy Holidays

Healthy Breaks

Hen Wellness Breaks

Pre-Wedding Health Retreats

Luxury Spa Breaks

Eco-Friendly Holidays

A Guide to Retreats

Life Coaching Retreats




Adventure


Bootcamp

Water Sports

Adventure

Skiing

Hiking & Trekking

Mountain Biking

Diving

Windsurfing




Seasonal


Spring Renewal

Summer Healthy Holidays

Winter Escapes

Christmas & New Year

Easter Retreats







When to Go



Offers



Advice



Blog






£
 GBP


$ USD


€ EUR


$ AUD























You are here:
Home
/

Destinations
/

Asia
/

India
/

Ananda in the Himalayas






Ananda in the Himalayas




































































Pricing Information


Low season
: 16

April – 30 September
High season
: 1 October – 15 April


Prices based on 5 nights accommodation and include flights from UK (optional), full board and return private transfers (optional).




Singles From

£3,870
pp




Sharing From

£3,265
pp






Singles From

£4,460
pp




Sharing From

£3,735
pp




Low Season

High Season

Request a
Quote


Add to
Favourites


Tailor-make a
Holiday


























Packages

The Location

Health & Fitness

Accommodation

Reviews




Set at the foot of the Himalayas, Ananda is a spiritual retreat that creates unique programmes designed to extend your health and unite your body and soul. Ananda is a deeply peaceful place, with courteous staff and traditional teachings. The 2100 square foot Destination Spa offers a menu of over 80 treatments; the wellness programme includes sessions of yoga, massage and facials, amongst others. The beautiful surrounding mountains create a secluded and timeless space, where guests can really relax and enjoy themselves. It’s the perfect location to escape a hectic lifestyle and start focusing on personal goals and individual needs. You are guaranteed to leave feeling restored, rejuvenated, and ready to face daily life once again.


Choose a package:




Ananda Fusion Fitness™

India, Asia

Add adventure to your fitness escape with our exclusive Fusion Fitness™ holiday at Ananda in the Himalayas. Build your ideal wellness programme and have fun whilst on your journey to optimal health, through a variety of physical activities. Choose f…



7 Nights From

£3,530
pp




View






Ananda Active

India, Asia

An active and healthy lifestyle is crucial for your longevity. Enjoy a tailored health and fitness plan and choose how much or how little you want to engage in. Experience a combination of personalised treks in the Himalayas, suited to needs which …



7 Nights From

£3,265
pp




View






Ananda Rejuvenation

India, Asia

Escape from your hectic lifestyle by choosing a personalised programme tailored around your individual needs. Allow the Ananda health experts to create a pleasant purifying experience that will help diminish everyday problems of stress as well as c…



7 Nights From

£3,480
pp




View






Ananda Detox

India, Asia

Experience an unspoilt haven and flush out toxins, whilst effectively revitalising your body and mind. If you have a slow digestive system or metabolism, this detox program will help you make necessary changes that will be easy to transfer into you…



7 Nights From

£3,480
pp




View






Ananda Stress Management

India, Asia

Escape this downward spiral in a tranquil atmosphere and recharge your being through a selection of traditional Ayurveda therapies, expert consultations and wellness activities on the Stress Management programme at Ananda. Return home feeling energ…



7 Nights From

£3,480
pp




View






Ananda Weight Management

India, Asia

Weight gain is an easy occurrence, especially in a high-powered lifestyle where other objectives such as work and family always take priority. Weight-loss also needs to be effectively managed with the right guidance for physical and emotional patte…



14 Nights From

£6,260
pp




View






Ananda Yoga

India, Asia

Explore the true meaning of well-being as you revive yourself through an ancient form of practice incorporating the utmost purity and tranquillity. Through a mixture of personalised yoga sessions tailored to your every individual need, right down t…



7 Nights From

£3,480
pp




View






Ananda Yogic Detox

India, Asia

The Ananda yogic detox programme will help you turn around your unhealthy routine through numerous traditional yogic cleansing techniques (shatkriya), and help remove toxins in a natural and long lasting way. Be looked after by health professionals…



7 Nights From

£3,480
pp




View







Secluded in the absolute serenity and beauty of the Himalayas, Ananda offers a wonderful experience like no other. Whether you are looking for a new fitness challenge, to escape from the pressures of a fast paced life or simply learn how to control and create a healthier new you, then visit this natural sanctuary of well-being. Through being in the close vicinity of the cities of Haridwar and Rishikesh, you will gain a spectacular insight into India’s regal past.
As well as the enchanting landscape around the palace, Ananda offers the prospect of refreshing your entire lifestyle through ancient regimes of Ayurveda, yoga and Vedanta combined with other experiences, to truly make your holiday escape unforgettable. You also have the opportunity to participate in traditional Indian music classes and dance performances.



Activities




- Cooking classes
- Yoga
- Billiards
- Golf
- Water-rafting
- Nature walk
- Mountain trek



Food & Restaurants




The Restaurant
Ananda have your comfort in mind with classical instrumental music, mouth-watering Indian Asian and Western healthy cuisine. The spa chef is very happy to prepare meals for special dietary requirements.

Tea Lounge
If you fancy a cup of tea and some light snacks then the Tea Lounge is just what you need. Soak up the historical atmosphere and enjoy your drink in this warm and romantic setting.

Pool
Dine by the pool, located at the bottom of the valley, surrounded by natural forest. Take the opportunity to sip a juice under the Himalayan skies, and work on your tan whilst you enjoy garden-fresh vegetables and organic greens.



Useful to Know




► Book your spa appointments in advance as it gets busy.

► You can request a male or female therapist.
► A locker is provided in the spa with a complimentary robe, slippers and disposable underwear and remember to bring your swimming costume so you can enjoy a swim.



Location













Facilities




Ananda Spa (24 treatment rooms including: steam & sauna rooms, chill plunge pool, Kneipp hydrotherapy foot bath and heated lap pool)
Outdoor aquamarine pool
Billiards room
Library
Swimming pool
3 x Restaurants (including a tree-top deck restaurant)
Fitness centre
6-hole golf course
Yoga room
Pavillion
Tea lounge (afternoon tea and light snacks)
Amphitheatre (with performances from gifted young performers)



Services




Complimentary Wi-Fi
Laundry
Room Service
Salon
Concierge
24-hour room service







The Spa




The 24,000 square foot spa offers an extensive menu of over 80 body and beauty treatments, integrating the traditional Indian systems of Ayurveda with the more contemporary Western spa approach. The spa experience strives to achieve the ultimate harmony between the physical and the mental realms of the individual.

The following treatments and activities are available:
- Ayurveda
- Facials
- Massages
- Exfoliation
- Hydrotherapy
- Yoga
- Meditation



Wellness Approach




Ananda uses a combination of Ayurveda, yoga and meditation, and healthy cuisine to improve your overall well-being. The luxurious views and various internal and external activities that are available allow you to release the stresses of your day-to-day life and help you to relax and rejuvenate.





Fitness / Group Classes





Please note that all group classes and activities shown are examples only and are subject to change and rotation, such as seasonal adjustments.

Fitness consultation and assessment

Personal training

Body composition analysis

Private session: abs, legs and bums

Private session on the fit ball











Elegant living is a large part of Ananda’s serene atmosphere where chic meets natural beauty to create an extraordinary experience for any guest. Choose from a varied selection of deluxe rooms or suites, the Ananda suite, which offers a breathtaking view of the valley and has a luscious private garden and dining area. The Viceregal suite contains the luxurious bonus of a rooftop Jacuzzi with the much needed privacy and intimacy.



Room Types




Deluxe Rooms








The deluxe rooms feature walk in closets and perfectly appointed bathrooms with windows overlooking panoramic views of the valley or of the Palace and the grounds. Each room opens out onto large balconies with picture-perfect views - ideal for en-suite breakfasts or a private meal.

Floor Area:
44m² / 484 sq ft




Garden Suites








The 3 Garden Suites face either the Valley or the Maharaja's palace. These 2-bay suites feature tastefully appointed bedrooms with attached sitting rooms and large bathrooms with tranquil garden views. Secluded private gardens situated to overlook the valley, add to the charm and privacy of these suites.

Floor Area:
85m² / 915 sq ft






Ananda Suite








Housed on the ground floor and overlooking the valley, the 3-bay Ananda Suite spells luxury and enchantment. With luxuriously fitted bathrooms overlooking the view and its own private sitting and dining areas, the suite also has a large private garden, which is perfect for intimate dinners and leisurely breakfasts.

Floor Area:
110m²/ 1,184 sq ft




Viceregal Suite








The Viceregal Suite comprises of a spacious sitting and dining area and a plush bedroom featuring a period four-poster bed. The attached dressing room and bathroom are beautifully appointed with antique fittings and furniture. With its own private terrace and a roof top Jacuzzi overlooking the sloping landscaped gardens and the distant Ganga Valley, staying at the Viceregal suite takes you back into India’s regal past.

Floor Area:
220m² / 2368 sq ft




Ananda Villas








Named after the great mountain ranges Himalay and Shivalik and the river Ganga that sustains the people of the Valley, these beautiful villas are a dreamer’s escape. Two 2-bedroom villas and one 1-bedroom villa, each elegantly appointed with a living room, a pantry for the butler, a dressing room and a huge bathroom featuring a private sauna with an unhampered view of the swimming pool.
Floor Area:
175m² / 1,884 sq ft









All Rooms Include




Walk-in closets
En-suite bathrooms
Large balcony with views of the valley
Complimentary Wi-Fi
Phone
TV
Hairdryer
DVD player
Digital Safe Box
Air Conditioning/ heating
Minibar
Coffee/tea making facilities
Signature Ananda amenities
Daily newspaper








Our Reviews

Guest Reviews








Adam's Review of Ananda

Arriving into the small airport of Dehradun via Delhi, I was greeted by my personal driver and taken straight into an air-conditioned 4x4 for the short 45-minute journey up the mountain towards Ananda. The journey itself was an experience, from seeing monkeys, cows, and goats up the windy uphill roads and a more impressive view at every turn. Ananda means peace – and my seven day stay was a purifying experience of just that.



Read full review...











Guest Reviews of Ananda in the Himalayas


Altogether a pleasantly different experience!! At Jolly Grant Airport Dehradun, a well mannered chauffeur,took us in his Ford endeavour car..very knowledgeable,offered water bottles and some cookies on the way. At the Resort, were welcomed by Rudraxa Mala then were led to our rooms in a golf cart..beautiful rooms with views of the valley..Amphitheatre which was utilised for Yoga session in the morning and then laid for outdoor dining with light music..Greenery all around with peahens roaming freely..no noise only sound of chirping birds..beautiful breakfast area as if within trees, well mannered always smiling waiters bending down on knees to take orders..must try pineapple ginger juice...

- dhawaldnaik, Trip Advisor Review - October 2015



I visited Anandas a couple of days back ie. October end and I've had an experience that will remain with me for years to come. The moment you enter the space, you're greeted with loads of warmth and love. The staff welcomes you wholeheartedly and this just makes for a perfect beginning to your getaway. The environment at Anandas is extremely holistic, beautiful and pure. You're truly living amid nature - lush green mountains, clear skies, beautiful peacocks and other species of birds etc.
Rooms: The rooms here are up to date with all necessary facilities. Plus point? Every room, irrespective of the category, has a private balcony with a coffee table where you can simply sit and relax. I enjoyed lounging in the balcony area listening to the chirping birds and gushing waterfall. These sounds make you feel alive. You can also ask for a wake up call any time between 5 am to 8 pm and you will have the staff waking you up with a cup of steaming hot lemon honey ginger tea.
Food: If you prefer light healthy meals, you'd love the food here. But if you're into spicy, fried food, you may be disappointed as the resort revolves around the concept of healthy living. They food served at the restaurant is healthy, tasty and pleasing to the eyes. If you're opting for a wellness package, you'd be recommended a diet according to your dosha - ie vata, pitta or kapha. And all these menus are tailor-made as per the body type. The restaurant has indoor as well as outdoor seating. And the outdoor seating is right in the middle of the wild, amid the jungle. I enjoyed having long meals here and that's one thing I miss the most about Anandas.
Spa: Anandas has some beautifully customised spa packages that pack in a lot of massages and treatments for a healthy mind and body. From different kinds of yoga sessions and fitness consultation to Ayurvedic and international therapies, they have it all. The spa menu is elaborate and the treatments will leave you wanting for more. The entire spa area with a large number of rooms is made quite beautifully keeping the little things in mind. For example, the man playing flute right at the centre of the building elevates the spa experience. You can hear the soothing tunes of flute throughout the place.
Staff: All the staff members of Anandas are very warm and friendly. They are always serving you with a smile. They also contribute towards making the experience a lot more personalised by interacting with you on a personal level.
What's more? You can pack really light when you are travelling to Anandas in the Himalayas. White kurta and pajamas is the dress code here and they provide you with two fresh pairs every day. They have these kurta pajamas in all possible sizes, so you don't have to worry about finding the right size for yourself.
To sum it up, if you haven't been to Anandas in the Himalayas, you have truly missed out on a lot. If you are craving some quiet time with yourself and some rejuvenation, this one is undoubtedly the best place to be.


- ShikShah1205, Trip Advisor Review - October 2015





Submit a review















Site Links

Useful Information


Destinations

Holiday Types

Blog

Advice

Offers

Top 10s

Press

Jobs

Corporate Wellness

Terms & Conditions

Privacy Policy



Contact Us

__________

Visit our
Australian
site

About Us

Our Philosophy

Why Book With Us

Testimonials

Glossary

Sitemap

Newsletter Signup

Request a Call Back




Our Experts


Health and Fitness Team






Our Travel Specialists have years of experience in finding the perfect healthy holiday to match your needs.

Call and speak to one of our specialists now on +44 (0) 203 397 8891.

Meet our Travel Specialists!





Contact Us

Get in Touch


Health and Fitness Travel

Unit 408, 4th Floor

The Light Bulb

1 Filament Walk

London, United Kingdom

SW18 4GQ



T: 



0203 397 8891

E:
info@healthandfitnesstravel.com



Opening Hours

Mon-Fri: 9:00am - 6:00pm

Sat: 9:00am - 6:00pm

Sun: Closed



























All of our flight inclusive holidays are ATOL protected by the Civil Aviation Authority. Our ATOL number is T7354.












