Advice on Travel from Experts | Holidays & more



























Share











HEALTH AND FITNESS TRAVEL experts in tailor-made healthy holidays


0203 397 8891


Opening Times:





Tue 05 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Wed 06 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Thu 07 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Fri 08 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Sat 09 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Sun 10 Dec:
Closed



Today: 9:00am - 6:00pm










Favourites


Favourites are empty

Use the Add to Favourites button on a package or resort






Recently Viewed


Recently Viewed are empty











Destinations




Asia


Bali

India

Java

Malaysia

Philippines

Thailand

Vietnam

Sri Lanka




Caribbean


Antigua

Grenada

Jamaica

St. Lucia

Turks & Caicos




Europe


Croatia

Cyprus

France

Greece

Italy

Malta

Portugal

Spain

Switzerland

Turkey

UK




Africa & Indian Ocean


Maldives

Mauritius

Morocco

South Africa

Tanzania




The Americas


Costa Rica

Mexico

Utah

Brazil

Florida




Middle East


Dubai

Oman




Australasia


Australia

New Zealand






View our Destinations Map







Holiday Types




Wellness


Spa

Spa & Sport

Yoga

Detox

Pilates

De-stress

Weight Loss

Healing

Meditation

Anti-ageing

Ayurveda Spa

Beach Spa

Spiritual & Holistic

Nutrition Friendly Retreats

Stop Smoking Holidays

Post-Cancer Recovery Retreats

Mindfulness

Emotional Healing

Sleep Enhancement Retreats




Tailored


Singles Holidays

Couples Healthy Holidays

Family Holidays

Adult Only

Gay Friendly Holidays




Active


Fitness

Fusion Fitness

BodyBreaks

Tennis

Sports Holidays

Cycling

Multi-Activity

Golf

Walking




Specialist


Ultimate Luxury Around the World Wellness Trip

Discover Recover Holidays

Group Retreats

Healthy Honeymoons

The Ultimate Collection

Learning Holidays

Twin & Multi Centre

All-inclusive

Affordable Healthy Holidays

Healthy Breaks

Hen Wellness Breaks

Pre-Wedding Health Retreats

Luxury Spa Breaks

Eco-Friendly Holidays

A Guide to Retreats

Life Coaching Retreats




Adventure


Bootcamp

Water Sports

Adventure

Skiing

Hiking & Trekking

Mountain Biking

Diving

Windsurfing




Seasonal


Spring Renewal

Summer Healthy Holidays

Winter Escapes

Christmas & New Year

Easter Retreats







When to Go



Offers



Advice



Blog






£
 GBP


$ USD


€ EUR


$ AUD























You are here:
Home
/

Advice





Advice


Get the latest health and well-being information from Health and Fitness Travel. From informed advice on travel arrangements and pre-holiday preparation to the latest expert tips and our wellness glossary, our advice area offers the most comprehensive resource for your inside knowledge.










Travel Advice



Experts



Insider Interviews



Travel Doctor


Top 10 Holidays

Press

Glossary

About Us









Spotlight on...




Find out all you need to know with our focused Spotlight pages. From pages on stress to weight loss, and fitness to detox, we shine the spotlight on a variety of well-being topics with expert advice, expert interviews, blogs and our top holiday recommendations:







▪
Spotlight on Stress



▪
Spotlight on Healthy Eating & Nutrition



▪
Spotlight on Fitness







▪
Spotlight on Yoga



▪
Spotlight on Meditation & Mindfulness



▪
Spotlight on Detox







▪
Spotlight on Men's Health



▪
Spotlight on Women's Health















A Typical Day...




For the daydreamers who love to envisage themselves on holiday before the plane even leaves the tarmac, here is the chance to see what
a typical day
on one of our health and fitness holidays looks like.









How Long Does It Take to Fly to...




Find out
how long it takes to fly to
your healthy holiday destination as we outline flights around the world from London (either direct or with minimal changes/connecting flights) and transfer times to your chosen retreat, ready to help you travel the world in health and wellness.










Know Before You Go





It's easy to get stressed on the days leading up to your holiday, as you try and remember everything you have to do before your departure and every detail of your travelling arrangements. But don't panic! Here are some handy hints to help you avoid this pre-holiday stress:












Before you leave:


Make sure you take out adequate and comprehensive travel insurance, ensuring that it covers everything that you're planning on doing, like water sports, for example.

Remember to take your European Health Insurance Card (EHIC) with you if you're travelling in Europe, which entitles you to free or reduced cost healthcare. If you don't already have one, you can apply here:
www.nhs.uk/ehic

It's important to understand the local laws and customs of the country you're visiting, as they may differ from what you're used to.

Check whether you need any vaccinations for the destination you're travelling to by visiting your GP or a health travel clinic at least six weeks before you go.

Make some copies of your important travel documents and/or save them in a secure online site.

Ensure your passport is valid and you have a visa if necessary.

Let someone know where you're going and leave emergency contact details.

Make sure you take enough money with you and have some emergency funds available if necessary.

Be aware of what consulate staff can and can't do to help British nationals abroad.

Check your
flight times or transfer times
so you can be prepared for your flight.






Whilst on holiday:


Make sure you have the number of the local British Consulate in case of emergency.

Act responsibly and be responsible for your own safety when travelling; don't do anything you wouldn't at home.

The laws and customs are often different to what you're used to, and penalties can be severe, even for something which may seem trivial at home.










For the most up-to-date travel advice from the Foreign and Commonwealth Office, visit:
http://www.gov.uk/knowbeforeyougo








Meals





The meal you eat the night before your flight is very important; your digestive system needs to have enough time to break it down efficiently before you jet-off. A low carb meal eaten before 7pm is recommended so that you have a good night's sleep and you're re-energised before you board your flight.









Insect Bites and Mosquito Repellent




Insect bites can be common in warm climates, especially from mosquitos. These can be effectively soothed with insect bite cream or prevented by mosquito repellent. In countries like Africa, Asia and South America, there is a risk of malaria which is carried by some of the mosquitos can be very serious. It's important to get a vaccination against this if you're visiting an area where malaria could exist. Any insect bite you get should be monitored; if any swelling, blistering or pus occurs, you should seek advice from a doctor.









Sunburn





It's important not to forget the damage that the sun can do to your skin, especially if you're not wearing proper protection. There are many remedies to soothe sunburn but it's better to avoid it altogether and stock up on sun cream before you go, preferably with a minimum of SPF 30, and make sure you reapply it frequently.

If the signs of sunburn do start to appear then here are some effective home remedies:









Water
- Apply a cold flannel to the burnt area or take a cool shower or bath to soothe your skin. Drink some water to help replenish the water that was lost through sweating.

Painkillers
- Aspirin or Paracetamol can help to relieve the pain of the burn and ibuprofen will help bring down the inflammation.

Aloe Vera
- Aloe Vera is very good to use on sunburn as it has powerful inflammatory qualities; it'll not only soothe but it'll also help relieve redness.

Moisturize
- To help soothe your sunburn use a light moisturiser to re-hydrate your skin.

Severe Sunburn
- Severe sunburn may require a burn cream or a special burn dressing, which will require a trip to the doctor.










Jet Lag




If you're flying to a faraway destination, you may suffer some jet lag as your body struggles to adapt to the new time zone. In some cases, it can affect your appetite, digestion, bowel movements and blood pressure.

But here are some ways to help reduce and prevent jet lag:






Sleep
- Get plenty of sleep the night before your flight, especially if it's early in the morning.

Water
- Drink plenty of water before and during your flight to make sure you stay well hydrated.

Caffeine
- Try and limit your caffeine intake so you can get some rest during the flight.

Change your watch
- Change the time on your watch to your new time zone as soon as you arrive to help your body adjust more quickly.

Stay active
- Try and stay active during your flight; take a few strolls around the cabin and do some stretches, which will also help to avoid deep vein thrombosis.










Home Comforts



Of course it's nice to come home after your healthy holiday to a spotless house, but, if you add cleaning and tidying to your pre-departure to-do list, you'll feel unnecessarily stressed. Wash only the clothes you'd like to pack in your suitcase and have a little tidy around but don't go overboard; after all, no one will see it whilst you're gone!






View Expert Articles:


Achieving Your New Year Health Goals

Beat the Winter Blues

Boost Your Brain Power

Boost Your Immune System

Christmas Health Tips

Embrace the Outdoors

Good Gut Feeling: Digestive Health

Healthy Ageing

How to Beat Back Pain

How to Beat Pain

How to Build Your Self-esteem

How to Maintain a Healthy Heart

How to Stay Healthy on Holiday

How to Transform Your Body

Increase Your Energy

Increase Your Longevity

Maintain Your Ideal Weight

Strengthen Your Self-Control

Stress and Burnout

Top Detox Tips

Weight Loss Tips

Workplace Well-being; Staying Healthy at Work

You Are What You Eat

Your Guide to Sleeping Well







Steve Halsall

Celebrity Personal Trainer



Read Steve Halsall's Biography
Kick-start a New Year Fitness Regime
Beat the Winter Blues
Achieving a Strong Immune System
Christmas Health Tips
Embrace the Outdoors
Good Gut Feeling: Digestive Health
Healthy Ageing
How to Beat Back Pain
Easing Emotional and Physical Pain
3 Training Sessions for a Healthy Heart
How to Stay Healthy on Holiday
How to Transform Your Body
Increase Your Energy
How to Maintain a Healthy Weight
How to Improve Your Self-control
Stress and Burnout
Top Detox Tips
Weight Loss Motivation
You Are What You Eat
Top Tips to Improve Your Sleep

View More



Toby Maguire

Taoist Master



Read Toby Maguire's Biography
Practising Mindfulness to Boost Brain Power
Alternative Treatments to Relieve Pain
How to Combat Low Self-esteem
Breathing and Meditation Techniques for a Healthy Heart
How to Transform Your Body
How to Maintain a Healthy Weight
3 Steps to Self-control
3 Steps to Achieve a Healthy Lifestyle at Work

View More



Matthew Powell

Body Aware Specialist



Read Matthew Powell's Biography
7 Simple Steps to Achieve Your New Year Fitness Goals
Beat the Winter Blues
5 Tips for Boosting Your Immune System
Christmas Health Tips
Embrace the Outdoors
Good Gut Feeling: Digestive Health
Healthy Ageing
How to Beat Back Pain
How to Stay Healthy on Holiday
Increase Your Energy
Increase your Longevity
Stress and Burnout
Top Detox Tips
Weight Loss Tips; Healthy ways to lose weight
You Are What You Eat
A Guide to Enhancing Your Sleep

View More



Paul Joseph

Co-founder of Health and Fitness Travel



Read Paul Joseph's Biography
5 Tips for Improving Your Brain Power
7 Simple Steps to Build Your Self-esteem
5 Simple Tips to Stay Healthy at Work




Dr. Sarah Brewer

A Nutritionist and Doctor



Read Dr Sarah Brewer's Biography
New Year New You
Beat the Winter Blues
Memory Improvement Tips to Boost Brain Power
Boost Your Immunity
Christmas Health Tips
Embrace the Outdoors
Good Gut Feeling: Digestive Health
Healthy Ageing
How to Beat Back Pain
Natural Ways to Ease Pain
Encouraging Self-esteem in Your Children
How to Look After Your Heart
How to Stay Healthy on Holiday
A Raw Food Plan for Transforming Your Body - Dr Sarah Brewer
Increasing Your Energy Through Good Nutrition And Supplements
Increase Your Longevity
Maintaining a Healthy Weight
Achieving Your Life Goals Through Self-control
Stress and Burnout
Top Detox Tips
Weight Loss Tips; Healthy ways to lose weight
Staying Hydrated at Work
You Are What You Eat
Effective Remedies for Improving Sleep

View More



Maureen Cromey

Acupuncturist & Chinese Medicine Expert



Read Maureen Cromey's Biography
6 Steps to Achieve Your Healthy New Year Goals
Beat the Winter Blues
10 Steps to Boost Your Brain Power
Boost Your Immune System with Acupuncture
Christmas Health Tips - Maureen Cromey
Embrace the Outdoors
Good Gut Feeling: Digestive Health
Healthy Ageing
How to Beat Back Pain
Preventing Pain with Chinese Medicine
Develop and Improve Your Self-esteem
How to Maintain a Healthy Heart
How to Stay Healthy on Holiday
Transform Your Body with Acupuncture
Increase your Energy
Increase your longevity
8 Ways to Maintain a Healthy Weight
Simple Steps to Increase Your Self-control
Stress and Burnout
Top Detox Tips
Weight Loss Tips; Healthy ways to lose weight
Maintaining Your Well-being at Work
You Are What You Eat
The Sleeping Benefits of Acupuncture

View More



Justine Glenton

Ashtanga & Zen Yoga Teacher



Read Justine Glenton's Biography
Beat the Winter Blues
Christmas Health Tips
Embrace the Outdoors
Good Gut Feeling: Digestive Health
Healthy Ageing
How to Beat Back Pain
How to Stay Healthy on Holiday
Increase Your Energy
Increase your longevity
Stress and Burnout
Top Detox Tips
Weight Loss Tips; Healthy ways to lose weight
You Are What You Eat

View More



Angie Newson

A Yoga and Pilates Expert



Read Angie Newson's Biography
Achieving Your New Year Health Goals
Yoga Boosts Our Brain Power
Boost Your Immune System with Yoga
How Can Yoga Help Relieve Pain?
Build Your Self-esteem through Yoga
Maintain a Healthy Heart with Yoga
How to Transform Your Body
Maintain Your Ideal Weight with Pilates
Increase Your Willpower with Yoga
25 Easy Tips to Enhance Your Well-being at Work
A Yoga Approach to Better Sleep

View More



Lucy Miller

Fitness & Nutrition Expert



Read Lucy Miller's Biography
Reaching Your New Year Health Goals
5 Ways to Boost Brain Power
Why Exercise Boosts Your Immune System
Embrace the Outdoors
Good Gut Feeling: Digestive Health
Healthy Ageing
How to Beat Back Pain
Relieving Muscle Pain After Exercise
How to Increase Your Self-esteem
Maintaining a Healthy Heart Rate During Exercise
How to Stay Healthy on Holiday
How to Transform Your Body
Increase Your Energy
Nutrition Tips for Weight Management
5 Ways to Build Self-control
Stress and Burnout
Weight Loss Tips; Healthy ways to lose weight
How to Stay Healthy at Work
3 Stretches for a Deep Sleep

View More



Scott Baptie

Fitness & Sports Nutrition Expert



Read Scott Baptie's Biography
Beat the Winter Blues
Christmas Health Tips
Increase Your Longevity
Top Detox Tips
You Are What You Eat

View More

Insider Interviews




Interviews from leading health and fitness professionals from around the world to explore a wealth of knowledge in their areas of expertise.














Secrets of an Ex-Professional Tennis Star

Pat Cash


Pat Cash came to the tennis world's attention in the early 1980s when he turned professional and won his first senior title in Melbourne. Cash established a reputation on tour as a hard-fighting serve-and-volleyer, he became the youngest player to play in a Davis Cup final winning and claiming the cup for Australia. The crowning moment of Cash's career came when he won Wimbledon in 1987. He has now opened a fabulous tennis academy in the Caribbean at
Buccament Bay
and also works as a TV commentator primarily for the BBC and CNN.
















Understanding Detox on Holiday

Karina Stewart


Karina Stewart, co-founder of
Kamalaya
in Thailand has twenty-two years of experience in the study and practice of diverse Asian healing and spiritual traditions. Inspired by her mother's interest in natural healing, meditation and yoga, Karina founded a health centre in Kathmandu, Nepal prior to opening Kamalaya. Her vision behind the award-winning retreat in Koh Samui is integral wellness programmes that aim to access the inner healing power within each individual and support a harmonious integration of heart, body, mind, and spirit.
















The Spa Way of Life

Susan d'Arcy


Susan d'Arcy has been writing for the Sunday Times for over 20 years, about luxurious spas and travel. As a spa expert she enjoys sharing her tips and insights about the best therapists, spas and treatments, on her very informative, yet entertaining blog, Spa Confidential.
















How to Increase your Longevity

Dr Manuela Figini

Dr. Manuela Figini is a highly accomplished Medical Doctor at
Longevity Wellness Resort
in Portugal, with an extensive knowledge in Aesthetic, preventive and ageing management. She has an impressive medical background of 40 years' experience and is the Clinical Director of the Longevity Medical Spa practice, where she is responsible for all the medical aspects of each programme and discipline, covering areas such as acupuncture, ozone therapy and aesthetic medicine. She taught pathology at the College of Nursing, was the resident doctor at Vila Real Hospital, and studied Oral and Maxillo Facial Surgery. She also holds qualifications in Acupuncture, Aesthetic Medicine, Anti- Ageing Medicine and Ozone Therapy.
















Marco Baoia on the Benefits of his Bootcamp Holiday

Marco Baoia



Marco Baoia is the lead organiser and trainer of the
Luxury Algarve Bootcamp
in Portugal and has a wealth of knowledge in bootcamp training, having been a part of the fitness industry since 1988. During this time he has covered many different training methods and has successfully trained in England, Ireland, Germany and Portugal. Marco works with a truly holistic approach and is always results orientated; aiming to get the best out of each and every individual he works with. His overriding wish is to provide his clients with the information they need to lead a healthier lifestyle.

















Discovering Ayurveda

Dr Shijoe Mathew


Dr Shijoe Mathew is the Ayurvedic Physician at
Ananda in the Himalayas
. He has practised and learnt Ayurveda under many eminent scholars in regions all over India, after studying its principles at Vishnu Ayurveda Medical College. During this time, he came across a traditional family practising Ayurvedic toxicology treatments from which he learnt the traditional art of Ayurvedic pulse examination. He was inspired to discover this traditional medicine growing up in the spiritual town of Kerala, and by his great-uncle, who was an Ayurvedic eye doctor.
















A Luxury Yoga Holiday in Ibiza

Ayda Ellis


Yoga teacher Ayda Ellis, creates a therapeutic practice for the body, mind and soul. Much more than a series of stretches and ohms, she focuses on mental and physical alignment, plus self-healing through a deep, hatha-meets-tantric yoga style. Ayda's own personal yoga journey began in the late '90s, practicing personally for nine years before taking it to the next level with 18 months of intense training in India followed by 15 months Alliance teacher certification in Germany. She has now teamed up with 38° North to offer luxury
Yogalates retreats
in Ibiza. Ayda will take you on an inner journey to recovery, revitalization and more.
















Discovering Complementary Therapies

Elaine Williams


Elaine Williams is qualified in Osteopathy, Naturopathy, Acupuncture, Reflexology, Aromatherapy and Advanced Massage. She has been the recent winner of the Spa Traveller "Top UK Spa Therapist" award and was voted by the Telegraph as one of the top ten therapists in the world. Elaine is also a registered general Nurse and has a Bachelors (BSC) in Psychology. Elaine started at
Grayshott Spa
twenty years ago and is now the Director of Natural Therapies, in which she is responsible for expanding the range of holistic treatments and for the training of all therapists.
















Exploring Holistic Treatments

Toby Maguire


Toby Maguire is the Master Practitioner at
The BodyHoliday
in St. Lucia. He has been practicing the healing arts of the east for nearly twenty years and has spent 13 years living in south east Asia where he studied acupuncture, massage, Tai Chi, Qi Gong and meditation. In addition, he has studied an MA in Holistic Wellness, holds a diploma in nutrition and has worked as both a Health and Wellness Consultant and Practitioner at some of the top destination spas in the world including Chiva Som, Mandarin Oriental and Six Senses.
















Health and Healing at Grand Park Spa

Dr Liane Weber



Dr Liane Weber is a General Physician and an internationally-trained Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) doctor.  She is one of the medical Consultants at
Grand Park
in Austria as well as at the nearby Gastein Healing Caves where she is renowned for her work with rheumatism. At Grand Park Dr Weber offers the popular "Retreat" therapy which combines Tuina massage and low-dose laser acupuncture to restore balance, improve energy and blood flow, strengthen the immune system and promote emotional wellbeing.
















Ayurvedic Healing Foods

Narendra Sharma



Narendra Sharma is the executive chef at
Ananda in the Himalayas
. He has worked in a number of luxury resorts around the world, including several Oberoi hotels, Six Senses Hotels, Soneva Gili Resort and Spa in the Maldives, Al Bustan Palace, Muscat (Oman) and the French Fine Dining restaurant La Madeleine in Chennai, helping to expand his culinary expertise. He has been twice awarded with a Times Food Award for best restaurant, and has appeared on cooking programmes in India and the UK, including "From Birmingham to Bombay", a documentary by food archaeologist Alan Coxon.

















Fitness Holiday Motivation

Tim Bishop


Tim Bishop is an advanced Personal Trainer who specialises in circuit training, torso training and core stability. He's also a fire fighter in the London Fire Brigade, an excellent Boxing and Kettle bell instructor, who dedicates time to passing on his knowledge of fitness training and nutrition to others. Tim runs flexible fitness retreats and boot camps at
Buccament Bay
in the Caribbean. After completing his gruelling commando training, Tim went on to give sterling service of 8 years in the Royal Marines. In addition to his war fighting role he has also took part in various sporting activities and competitions, as well as taking circuits for recruits and trained soldiers.
















The Benefits of Alternative Therapies

Deniz Susever


Deniz Susever is a Watsu-Tantsu-WATA (water dance), EFT practitioner and Yoga Teacher at
Kempinski Barbaros Bay
. She began her journey of alternative therapies and healing energies in 1997. After being introduced to yoga as a guest she decided to go to Rishikesh (India) and became a yoga teacher, she also has studied Integrative Massage in India. Deniz has excellent charisma in Watsu (Water-Shiatsu), Tantsu (Watsu on land) and Water dance (WATA) Therapy training in India. The last six years she has been a Vipassana Meditator.
















Discovering Naturopathy

Sue Davis



Prior to becoming a naturopath, Sue Davis spent many years working in the corporate environment; this experience helped her gain invaluable insights into the multi-layered health and wellness challenges faced by busy executives. It was Sue's hectic, fast paced and ultimately unhealthy lifestyle in Hong Kong that spurred her on to retrain as a naturopath for four years in Sydney. After a successful number of years helping the elite clientele of the top ranking International Health and Wellness Resort 'Chiva-Som' in Thailand, Sue is now back on her home ground in the UK.
















Health and Well-being at The BodyHoliday

Dr.Manoj Kutteri

Dr.Manoj Kutteri is the Wellness Centre Director at
The BodyHoliday
in St Lucia. He has worked in the spa and well-being sector for over a decade, and has been in the Caribbean for the last 10 years working with health and well-being teams in Grenada and St. Lucia.  He holds a Master's Degree in Psychology, a Graduate Degree in Naturopathy, Acupuncture and Yoga Therapies. Prior to his arrival in the Caribbean, Dr Kutteri practiced at both hospitals and wellness centres in his native India. He is also involved in developing regional standards for health and wellness within the Caribbean.
















Optimal Nutrition for Detox and Weight Loss

Zoe Palmer



Zoe is an experienced Nutritionist and Naturopath. She is also a foodie who believes that good nutrition is the foundation for a healthy and happy life and has had years of working with clients to transform their diets, their health and their waistlines both at her London clinic and
38° North retreats
in Ibiza. Zoe is also a detoxification and fasting expert and runs popular London-based juice detox programmes. She regularly lectures on health and nutrition, is an advisor to healthy food companies helping them design menus and is often asked to provide expert comment for health articles in the media.
















Insight into Wellness Travel Trends

Paul Joseph



Paul Joseph is co-founder of
Health and Fitness Travel
, experts in tailor-made healthy holidays worldwide. He searches for the rare and hidden gems around the world and puts together exclusive and trend-setting holidays for those who would like to improve or maintain their health and fitness whilst on holiday. As well as a love of all things travel, Paul's other love is exercise, cycling and yoga. Paul also contributes to the travel pages of various high-profile newspapers and magazines where he offers his expert advice on wellness holidays.
















Jo Foley on Spa Holidays

Jo Foley


For over quarter of a century, Jo Foley has been visiting and reviewing Spas, Sanctuaries and Wellness Centre's on four continents and has written about them for many publications including the Financial Times, Conde Nast Traveller, Tatler, Harper's Bazaar, Daily Mail, The Times and Sunday Telegraph. She has observed as Fat Farms have morphed into Pleasure Palaces and Health Centres into Holistic Hideaways, and has experienced rather more than her fair share of ayurvedic retreats in India, to detoxes in the Dolomites, and hammams throughout the Middle East. Hence, she can spot a charlatan at fifty paces, and is quick to differentiate between those who can truly cure and those who merely con.
















Healthy Ageing and Cosmetic Medicine

Dr Michael Prager



With a reputation as one of Europe's most skilled practitioners of cosmetic medicine, London-based, German-born and internationally-educated Dr Michael Prager has perfected the art of the natural-looking, non-surgical facelift using Botulinum Toxin and Hyaluronic Acid based dermal fillers. His trademark approach - along with the safety of his procedures has led to Dr Prager becoming one of the most sought-after aesthetic doctors in Europe. He is regularly featured in the media including;
The Daily Mail, The Sunday Times, BBC Radio, Tatle
r and more recently appeared on Channel 4's
10 Years Younger
.
















Why An Alkaline Diet Is So Good For Your Health

Natasha Corrett



Natasha Corrett is a self-taught gourmet vegetarian chef and founder of Honestly Healthy¸ a leading alkaline-based food company which offers cleanses, cooking classes, food deliveries and tips for living a healthy lifestyle. The co-author of two best-selling cookbooks, Natasha’s passion began at the age of 16 when she spent the summer holidays with her father in the kitchens of Le Boudin Blanc, France. Having introduced the concept of “alkaline eating” to the UK, she now has a large celebrity following.
















Pilates Body Awareness

Brooke Siler


Brooke Siler is the Pilates guru named one of the top pursued trainers by Vogue magazine, author of the New York Times bestselling book 'The Pilates Body' and owner of the celeb haven, re: AB Pilates studio in New York. Brooke is a certified Pilates instructor who is one of the few to have trained under the tutelage of Joseph Pilates' Protégée Romana Kryzanowska.
Brooke's re: AB Pilates studio has become the Pilates destination for a multitude of stars including Zooey Deschanel, Liv Tyler, Lauren Hutton and Rachel Weisz. As the founder of the re: AB Pilates Teacher Certification program, Brooke now trains the next generation of Pilates instructors.
















Understanding Ayurveda

David Isaac


David Isaac is a certified Ayurveda health practitioner and meditation instructor. He was trained by some of the best and world renowned Ayurveda Drs, such as Deepak Chopak, Vasant Lad and David Simon. David has been practising Ayurveda and mediation for the past eight years and has attended over 80 seminars, courses and trainings. A southern California native, who moved to Spain in 2010 where he currently resides as the head teacher at A¡R Wellness, a company he founded. He is also author of two books, one about the Ayurveda diet principals and the second about the ideas that people hold onto that stop them from finding happiness.
















Staying Safe in the Sun

Dr. Stefanie Williams


Dr Stefanie Williams is a key opinion leader in dermatology and Medical Director of European Dermatology London, a private dermatology clinic in Harley Street and Chelsea Bridge. Her commitment to research and her passion for healthy skin led to the development of her own skincare boutique product range to help consumers find products which work and are proven to make a difference. Dr Williams is a member of the British Association of Dermatologists, the British Cosmetic Dermatology Group, the European Society for Cosmetic and Aesthetic Dermatology.
















Take Control of Your Sleep

Dr. Michael J. Breus


Dr Michael J. Breus is a sleep expert and author of The Sleep Doctor's Diet Plan. He is a clinical psychologist and one of the youngest to pass the board at the age of 31. As one of the only psychologists with his credentials out of 163 psychologists worldwide, Dr. Breus specialises in sleep disorders and is the diplomat of the American Board of Sleep Medicine and of The Fellow of The American Academy of Sleep Medicine. He is also author of
Lose Weight Through Better Sleep
and the creator of The Dr. Breus Bed. Dr. Breus treats athletes and celebrities and has appeared on CNN, Oprah, The View, and The Doctor's.
















How to Beat Stress

Daniela Herzberg


Daniela Herzberg is a Life Coach, Nutritionist and certified Feng Shui and Chinese Astrology consultant from
Abama Golf & Spa Resort
in Tenerife, and is responsible for the award-winning Abama Total Wellness programme. Together with her partner she founded 5-elementos.com, a widely known internet portal for healthy living. Her comprehensive knowledge about the Chinese philosophies is a result of her work with Derek Walters, one of the most respected Feng Shui masters in the world and several other internationally renowned teachers.
















Understanding Macrobiotics

Virginia Harper


Virginia Harper is an expert counsellor in natural health at
SHA Wellness Clinic
, the world's first macrobiotic wellness retreat. She is a teacher, author and researcher with over 30 years of Macrobiotic experience who approached natural medicine and macrobiotics, after a grieving diagnosis at an early age. By observing the results that natural therapies had, healing her completely, she decided to study them and share her knowledge with others.
















Nutrition and Well-being

Katie Handyside


Katie Handyside is the Sports Nutritionist, Personal Trainer and Health Coach at
Reads Hotel
in Mallorca. She has been working in and around Sports and Nutrition most of her life in London, Los Angeles, Vancouver and finally ending up in Palma de Mallorca where she has been running her own business in personal training and nutrition for over four years. Katie is a keen road biker and is also able to organise cycling tours, hikes and any kind of programme to suit all fitness levels and capabilities.
















Benefits of Holistic Healing

Steve Harvey


Steve Harvey is an extremely gifted holistic healer, life and relationship coach and energy therapist, with an established global reputation, who has treated the likes of Hugh Jackman, Jennifer Lopez, Demi Moore, Donna Karan, and Bruce Willis to name a few. He is currently coaching at
Zighy Bay
in Oman where he helps his clients in maintaining the right attitude, in order to keep their lives, health, and relationships on track. His approach to wellness is through the body, mind, and spirit, and his understanding of Eastern and Western therapies have inspired many.
















Exploring Yoga and Pilates

Angie Newson


Angie Newson has been in the health, fitness and well-being industry for over 21 years and over that period has taught all aspects of fitness. She is fully qualified to teach Pilates with The Pilates Foundation UK and is a certified Iyengar Yoga teacher. Angie is the author of Get Fit for Free with Yoga and Pilates published by The Reader's Digest and she is also the Pilates presenter on Sky's Fitness TV. Angie also leads a
Yoga & Pilates Retreat
at
Longevity Wellness Resort
.
















Yoga Uncovered

Hristina Conner


Hristina Conner has been an active yoga enthusiast for over 12 years and is honoured to have studied with the world's leading instructors such as Peter Clifford, Bo Forbes, Tara Lee and David Moreno. Hristina is a Yoga Alliance UK teacher and conducts Hatha and Vinyasa classes and workshops at Yoga Creation in Canary Wharf as well as yoga therapy for Tower Hamlets Council Health and Well-being department. Hristina also teaches privately for expectant mothers, artists or business professionals wanting to improve their athletic abilities, chronic health conditions or overall well-being.
















Understanding Body Awareness for Fitness

Sean Carey


Sean Carey is the Fitness and Lifestyle trainer at
Absolute Sanctuary
in Koh Samui, Thailand. Sean, originally from the UK is not only a certified Fitness trainer but also a Yoga and Pilates teacher. He believes that exercise training all comes down to body awareness regardless of what our goals may be. Once we understand what is entailed to achieve results then the probability of the goal being achieved is greatly increased. Sean says one method of exercise might be right for the one person but a different method may be required for another, and this can only be realised through body awareness.
















Advice from a top personal trainer

Timmis Kambanellis


Timmis is the fitness expert at the award-winning
Aphrodite Hills
in Cyprus. He studied kinesiotherapy (which is the application of scientifically based exercise principles adapted to enhance the strength, endurance, and mobility of individuals) in Thessaloniki. Timmis has since gone on to receive accolades from Spa and Wellness specialists and has a successful morning TV slot on the Cyprus national network.
















Nourish a Healthy Heart

Deborah Straub


Deborah Straub is a Nutritionist at
Canyon Ranch
in Tucson, Arizona. She is a published author on bone health and breast cancer in a well-respected nutrition journal and textbook. Her areas of focus include maintaining a healthy weight during menopause, vitamin and mineral supplementation and breast cancer prevention. Deborah has a Master's of Science in Nutrition from the University of Arizona. She loves travel, hiking in the mountains of Tucson and her golden retriever, Riley.
















The Benefits of Power Plates and Yoga

Nahid de Belgeonne


Nahid de Belgeonne is a qualified expert in yoga and Power Plates, and the founder of the Good Vibes brand of boutique fitness studios, offering a unique class combination of Spincycle for cardio, Power Plates for strengthening and toning and Glow Yoga for your soul. Nahid was inspired by many movement disciplines including Pilates, martial arts and the Feldenkrais Method, and practices an accessible style that leaves her clients feeling good within themselves. Empowerment, kindness and a sense of humour are key mantras in her method of teaching, coupled with a strong belief that everyone deserves to achieve the best health possible.
















Benefits of Reflexology

Andrea Hurst


The title of 'Guru of Reflexology' belongs to Andrea Hurst, world renowned for her 20 years' experience in the healing art of Reflexology. Based in London's most prestigious neighbourhood Mayfair, she combines a deeply rejuvenating and restorative holistic experience with a thorough and insightful analysis of reflex points. Queuing up at her door are a long list of VIP clients from A-list Hollywood stars to fashion designers seeking her pioneering treatments. With recommendations from Gwyneth Paltrow and features in Vogue and Tatler magazine, Andrea is certainly an A-Lister herself in the world of Reflexology.















The Benefits of Hypnotherapy and Regression Therapy

Wissam Awad


Wissam Awad is Hypnotherapist specialising in Regression Therapy and Inner Child Healing. He is a trainer at the Regression Academy, responsible for the training programs in Romania and India and works alongside Andy Tomlinson, a world renowned pioneer and authority on Regression Therapy. Wissam is passionate about working with clients to liberate themselves from restricting emotional and behavioural patterns so that they can move forward in a joyful and empowered way. He also integrates body therapy with trance work in his sessions, which has a powerful effect on clearing unresolved 'body memories'. Wissam has worked in Switzerland and Thailand and now has a private practice in London.















Discovering Ultimate Wellness in India at Vana Retreats

Veer Singh


The brainchild of young visionary Veer Singh,
Vana Retreats
is a manifestation of his belief in wellness, his respect for nature and keen interest in design and hospitality. Veer who was born in New Delhi, India spent a number of years in England and Spain. A man of varied interests, Veer grew up wanting to become a sportsman, a musician, a physicist and later a farmer. He plays tennis, enjoys archery, swims, dabbles with percussion instruments and endeavours to lead a more sustainable, balanced and mindful life. Veer has set himself the ambitious goal of making Vana, Malsi Estate the most iconic wellness retreat in the world.















Mario Sella on Living a 'Healtheatarian' Lifestyle at Ti Sana

Mario Sella

Mario Sella, Wellness Manager at
Ti Sana
in Italy, grew up with a passion for science and physical activity that has led him to his role today. His childhood interest developed into an academic qualification, gaining a degree in food science and technology. A qualified personal trainer, Mario also studied and now teaches ancient oriental disciplines such as Qi Cong and Wushu-Kung Fu. Using his knowledge of nutrition and fitness, Mario oversees diagnostic tests, physical activity and, of course, nutritional plans to help guests at Ti Sana achieve their health and wellness goals.

















The Health Benefits of Nutritional Vitamins & Supplements

Dr David Mantle


Dr Mantle is a Fellow of the Royal College of Pathologists, with a background in hospital pathology. He has an interest in the role of nutrition in the prevention and treatment of disease, and is medical advisor to the nutritional supplement company Pharma Nord.
















A Holistic Approach to Health and Fitness

Karina Stewart


Taking a closer look at how our physical well-being is a key cornerstone to overall health,
Kamalaya
co-founder and Doctor of Traditional Chinese Medicine, Karina Stewart, shares Kamalaya's holistic approach to health and fitness.








The Art of Yoga, Ayurveda and Naturopathy

Deepak Rawat


Deepak Rawat is from Rishikesh, in the foothills of the Himalayas. He has extensive experience and knowledge of yoga, as well as western and Ayurvedic therapies, combined with a fomralised 'Diploma in Yoga and Naturopathy'.













Hit Your Fitness Targets

James Golden


We interview James Golden, fitness expert and founder of
Target Fitness Retreats
. James has over 15 years of experience in the fitness industry, since graduating with a Sports and Exercise Science degree in 2001. He has worked as a lifestyle and fitness consultant for the government, presented different forms of group fitness across the UK and spent time in fitness management, before setting up the Target Training Club in 2010, and then the Target Fitness Retreats in Herefordshire and Spain.









How to Give Yourself a Mental Makeover

Steve McKeown


Therapist, Psychoanalyst, Hypnotherapist, NLP Practitioner, Motivational Coach, Business Coach, Life Coach, architect of ‘Dichotherapy’ and the ‘F.I.T. Technique’, as well as being an international author, Steve McKeown is a true master of mind-improvement, fully understanding the way humans are conditioned to think. With an unrivalled mental toolkit, he expertly guides both groups and individuals on their own unique journeys to massively-improved ways of thinking, thus helping them to realise enormous positive change in their lives.







Making a Splash with an Olympic Swimmer

Keri-Anne Payne


Keri-anne Payne is a British swimmer, specialising in marathon open water swimming, and long-distance freestyle swimming in the pool. She is a two-time World 10 km Open Water champion, an Olympic Silver medalist and the founder of Triscape.






Become a Paleo Pro

Suzie Walker


We interview Suzie Walker, nutritionist and founder of The Primal Pantry. Suzie transitioned to a paleo lifestyle 6 years ago, and decided to set up The Primal Pantry in 2014 after struggling to find healthy, on-the-go snacks that support a paleo diet. Suzie is on a mission to challenge the packaged food industry by forging a real food revolution..
















Ace Your Tennis Game

Ramon Campuzano Rojas


Ramon is director of Puente Romano Tennis & Fitness Club in Marbella. He heads the Bjorn Borg Tennis School, is a Technical Consultant for both the Norwegian and Estonian Tennis Federations, and has trained many professional athletes in the ATP and WTA.
















Travel Doctor






Do you have a question about travelling?

From tips on the best hidden gems to hunting for the best holiday experiences, let our Travel Doctor be your guide. Whether you want to know the best yoga or detox retreats in the Far East or where to get fit in the Caribbean, he's here to help…. Have a question for Paul? Email him
here
.










Page 1 |
Page 2










Q. I want to go somewhere chic and boutique in Europe where I can be healthy and active, any suggestions?


A.
Head to Tuscany in Italy and stay at the
Adler Thermae
, famous for its thermal waters and hot springs, this boutique retreat combines the old spa tradition of healing and cleansing with modern luxury in a natural and beautiful setting. Enjoy mountain bike tours, Nordic guided walking and daily group wellness activities which include yoga, Pilates, Aqua gym, meditation and personal training. Otherwise fly to Cyprus and stay at the
Ayii Anargyri
, a natural healing retreat with a stunning spa, including sulphur inhalation therapy, volcanic stone baths and mud therapy. Enjoy traditional Mediterranean cuisine and an abundance of scenic attractions that will delight any nature lover.










Q. I'm looking for a golf holiday somewhere sunny with a fabulous golf course, any recommendations?


A.
Swing on over to Penha Longa in Portugal which has been ranked in the top 30 golf courses in Europe. The 18-hole Atlantic course offers a challenging game with breath-taking views over the ocean and set amongst spectacular rolling hills, lush gardens and clear lakes off the southern Sintra mountains. Alternatively enjoy a luxury golf holiday in Cyprus. Hone your driving accuracy and practice your putting at
Aphrodite Hills
which is home to a magnificent 18-hole championship golf course, spread over 6,889 yards with outstanding views of the Mediterranean Sea. Both resorts offer unlimited golf programmes, private coaching, good restaurants and beautiful spas to relax and unwind in.










Q. I would like to go somewhere with guaranteed sun, fitness programme and spa facilities. My overall aim is to relax, de-stress, detox, lose weight and get fit.


A.
If you're looking for somewhere spectacular to shape up and de-stress, experience
Zighy Bay
in Oman, set in its own secluded bay. The contrast of the spectacular mountains and sparkling beaches makes it the perfect location to recharge your batteries and there are a number of activities, fitness classes and detox programmes to choose from. Otherwise, improve your health and combat stress at
The Chateau Organic Spa and Wellness Resort
, nestled in the Malaysian hills, and try horse riding, yoga, jungle trekking or mountain biking. Both locations offer stunning world-class spas and a warm climate.










Q. I'm looking to go on a tennis holiday in the Caribbean, do you know of any fabulous places?


A.
Yes the
Casa de Campo
in Dominican Republic is a superb tennis getaway and has been dubbed the Wimbledon of the Caribbean. With 13 immaculate fast-dry Har-Tru courts and a spectacular sea view, this is the perfect tennis holiday guaranteed to sharpen and improve your skills, whilst soaking up the Caribbean ambience. Over in St Vincent and the Grenadines, try the
Buccament Bay tennis holiday
and benefit from daily private coaching and group tennis lessons at the Pat Cash Tennis Academy, for all levels. When you're not playing tennis, unwind on the beautiful beach, try some water sports or enjoy group exercise classes.










Q. I am looking for a holiday to lose weight. I want a nice place with a very efficient weight loss programme, what do you recommend?


A.
The
Absolute Sanctuary
in Thailand, a beautiful Moroccan inspired retreat offers an efficient and tailored weight-loss programme with a combination of personalised fitness sessions, group fitness and yoga classes, slimming treatments, crafted balanced meals and hands-on cooking lessons, designed to help you reach your ideal weight. Alternatively, the pioneering
SHA Wellness Clinic
in Spain helps guests to lose weight, keep it off and increase longevity. With a personalised diet designed to balance metabolism, SHA will introduce you to a low fat macrobiotic meal plan to facilitate the elimination of excess fat so you return home feeling positive, healthier and motivated.










Q. I have had a couple of very stressful months, where can you recommend for a de-stressing break away?


A.
Escape to the majestic private island of
Parrot Cay
in Turks and Caicos and enjoy daily yoga and Pilates classes. Activities include paddle boarding, kayaking, trekking and mountain biking, or, unwind in the oceanfront infinity pool, Japanese baths or with an Asian inspired treatment at their award-winning spa. The enchanting and exotic nature of this island is guaranteed to diminish stress. Alternatively fly to Bali and stay at
COMO Shambala Estate
for the ultimate de-stressing experience with a fixed daily schedule of outdoor circuit training, yoga, Pilates, Tai Chi, guided hikes and meditation. A variety of holistic treatments and wellness programmes will leave you feeling energised and restored.










Q. I'm interested in a week's yoga and fitness holiday in Ibiza, Mallorca or Portugal, what can you recommend?


A.
Elevate yourself on a tailor-made holiday at
Aguas de Ibiza
and let their dedicated M Wellness gurus tone and shape you whilst enjoying some renowned Ibiza sunsets. From kickboxing to rooftop yoga classes, hiking to mountain biking, enjoy a full schedule of group exercise and personalised training for maximum results, unwind with spa treatments, meditation and enjoy healthy revitalising meals. Alternatively venture to Mallorca and stay at
Reads
, an intimate health escape by the Tramuntana mountains. Increase your flexibility, stamina and energy with 90 minute one-on-one yoga classes along with tennis, group exercise, walking and cycling. Relax with invigorating spa treatments and delectable nutritious cuisine.










Q. I'm looking for somewhere to go for a health, diet and fitness boost. I am relatively fit, what can you recommend?


A.
For a health and fitness boost try
Canyon Ranch
in Miami, with 40+ indoor and outdoor fitness movement classes daily including; yoga, Pilates, Zumba, kickboxing, cardio circuits and beach boot camps. Re-evaluate your diet with nutritional gourmet cuisine and be inspired and informed from renowned health experts in nutrition, medicine and fitness. For a more intense health kick, try the Sense of Detox or fitness programme at
Kempinski Bodrum
in Turkey. Cleanse your body with a healthy diet, detoxifying treatments and daily exercise such as strength and circuit training, enjoy a private beach with activities such as water sports, Nordic walking and mountain biking.










Q. I'm looking for a spa and fitness weekend away with my friend, close to London. Any suggestions?


A.
A stone's throw from London, you can find an oasis of luxury and tranquility at the luxurious
Lifehouse Spa
retreat. Located in the heart of the countryside in Thorpe-le-Soken in Essex, easily accessible by train from central London, the hotel is surrounded by 12 acres of English Heritage gardens and offers an extensive range of fitness classes from yoga to Zumba, fabulous food and relaxing spa treatments in a beautiful and contemporary setting. Alternatively,
Grayshott Spa
in Surrey set in an old country manor house, is perfect for a quintessentially English health retreat. There are a number of sports, activities and fitness classes on offer along with healthy food and spa treatments.










Q. I'm looking for a cultural wellness holiday in October to somewhere exotic where I can discover beautiful scenery with daily activities, any recommendations?


A.
Fly to Saint Lucia and enjoy sunrise meditation, beachside Tai Chi, mud baths at Sulphur springs and healthy cookery demonstrations on a
health and wellness retreat
which runs from 4th October. Taking place in some of Saint Lucia's most spectacular and picturesque spots from Pigeon Island in the north to the World Heritage Pitons in the south of the island, this exciting program will be led by renowned wellness experts to include; Lindsay Wagner, John Schumacher and Dr. Stephen Brewer. Each day enjoy a choice of seminars and activities such as guided rain forest hikes, yoga, beach boot camps and boat rides.










Q. I'm looking for an active and solo friendly holiday as it's the first time I'm going away on my own, can you recommend somewhere?


A.
Enjoy the best elements of health, well-being and fun with other like-minded solo-travellers at
The BodyHoliday
in St. Lucia. The September Solos retreat is designed for like-minded solos to enjoy fun sports, inclusive spa treatments, hosted dinners and dedicated fitness classes such as Zumba and yoga. Alternatively try
Buccament Bay September Solo
month in St. Vincent and the Grenadines. Stay in a beautiful private villa surrounded by a tropical rainforest and enjoy dedicated group activities including; tennis, football, fitness classes, hiking and kayak excursions. Unwind with spa treatments, sunset cruises and hosted dinners.










Q. I want to make the most of a long weekend away. Do you have any suggestions for a healthy break?


A.
Travel to Saint-Tropez and stay at the stunning French retreat La Réserve Ramatuelle. Select a personalised programme to include fitness, health, nutrition, beauty or relaxation. Enjoy sport and health activity classes such as Pilates, body awareness, yoga, cardio, aqua-energy, healthy cooking lessons and nordic guided walks. Unwind with a hydrotherapy or a therapeutic treatment like reflexology or shiatsu. Otherwise if your budget is tighter, fly to Budapest and stay at
Danubius
health retreat on Margaret Island. Enjoy salt cave healing sessions, mud treatments and massages along with access to daily activities including yoga, Pilates, fitness and aqua aerobics.










Q. I'm looking for a Yoga and Pilates retreat in Europe with an excellent teacher that's suitable for solo travellers and offers good value. Can you recommend anywhere?


A.
Fly to Portugal and stay at award-winning Longevity Wellness Resort, a mountain retreat in Monchique who is launching an exclusive
Yoga and Pilates retreat
with TV and health expert Angie Newson (Exploreyogapilates.com) on 5th September. The holiday is very single friendly with a group of no more than 18 and offers good value for an all-inclusive 5 night luxury retreat. Enjoy daily yoga and Pilates practise suitable for all levels, healthy meals, group exercise classes, health lectures and morning walks. Unwind with a spa treatment and increase your flexibility, stamina and energy on this specialised retreat.










Q. I'm looking to escape London for an active and healthy holiday, do you have any recommendations?


A.
Escape London and travel to Turkey. Stay at
Kempinski Bodrum
set in an area of unspoiled natural beauty over the Aegean Sea and choose a personalised programme such as fitness or detox. Tone up with circuit training, yoga, outdoor strength training and unwind with spa treatments like deep tissue massages or Shiatsu. Alternatively stay at
Aphrodite Hills
in Cyprus and choose from an array of activities such as golf, tennis, mountain biking, horse riding or personal training. Enjoy group classes such as Zumba, TRX training, kick-boxing, Yoga and Pilates, then unwind at the retreat spa with a Thai massage and Detox thalasso wrap.










Q. I'd like to get away on a cycling holiday this summer, but I'm single and none of my female friends are keen. Are there any group-based cycling trips I could join, in Europe or elsewhere?


A.
Cycling holidays offer a good way to venture out into the open, explore new places, get fit and meet other cyclists. Cycling at
Reads Hotel
in Mallorca attracts individuals and group cyclists and they have created a luxury cycle centre featuring high spec GIANT bikes. Enjoy cycling in the Tramuntana Mountain range along with healthy food and spa treatments. If you fancy going further afield for more adventure, then try a 14 day scheduled group
cycling tour in Cape Town
, South Africa, widely recognised as one of the most beautiful places in the world. With stunning scenery, a rich cultural history and unusual wildlife encounters makes this a fantastic destination to discover by bicycle.










Q. I want to be body beautiful for the summer but need to lose weight first. Can you recommend a weight-loss holiday to help me achieve my goals?


A.
Try a Caribbean fitness holiday in St Vincent & the Grenadines at Buccament Bay resort who launch their new
luxury bootcamp retreats
from May. Through a mixture of high intensity physical training, nutritionally balanced food and personal health coaching, you will be encouraged to reach and sustain your weight and fitness goals. Alternatively visit
Longevity Wellness Resort
in Portugal and opt for their boot camp retreat or weight management programme to achieve maximum results. Maintain your ideal weight with support and guidance from health and fitness professionals and bikini-proof your body in time for summer.










Q. I'm looking to get away, ideally somewhere hot in June for a spa and sport holiday. Do you have any suggestions?


A.
Fly to Mallorca and stay at
Reads Hotel
, a boutique stunning retreat at the base of the Tramuntana Mountains and enjoy an all-inclusive spa and sport programme with Sports Nutritionist and Fitness Trainer Katie Handyside. Participate on guided cycle rides and walks, aqua-fit classes, body pump, circuit training and private yoga tuition along with spa treatments. Otherwise visit Miami and stay at Canyon Ranch, a luxury oceanfront resort which offer over 40 complimentary fitness classes daily from cycling to yoga. Enjoy beach conditioning, rock-climbing, Qi Gong and Boxer's workout along with golf, tennis, kayaking and surfing, then de-stress with a Turkish hammam bath ritual or ayurvedic massage.










Q. My sons are mad on football and I love tennis, can you recommend a holiday which offers good facilities and coaching for both?


A.

Martinhal luxury beach resort
in the Algarve, Portugal, has high-grade artificial grass tennis courts and two padel courts along with a football sports field. Tennis and football coaching is offered to both adults and children who want to improve or maintain their game. For a more exotic holiday try
Buccament Bay
in St Vincent & The Grenadines which has a Pat Cash Tennis Academy and a Liverpool FC Football Academy. This all-inclusive resort offers free coaching and Pat Cash himself along with football legends such as Andy Townsend and Gareth Southgate are even there to coach on select weeks to give master class programmes.










Q. I'm looking for a de-stressing holiday in Thailand, something that includes yoga, spa treatments and exercise classes, must be a quiet place close to a beach.


A.
Enjoy the beautiful island of Koh Samui and stay at
Absolute Sanctuary
, choose a bespoke programme which includes unlimited daily yoga classes, group fitness classes and daily spa treatments. Challenge yourself to a Muay Thai boxing lesson or a Capoeira workout and then unwind with a coffee body scrub. Alternatively head to the south of the island and stay at
Kamalaya
, an award-winning wellness and holistic spa retreat. Enjoy daily yoga, meditation and Tai-Chi classes along with beach boot camp training, Body Combat and other cardio classes. Soothe tired limbs with daily spa treatments to include Thai massage and acupuncture.










Q. I'm looking for an adult's only resort which offers Zumba, yoga, spinning, tennis and spa treatments all included. Can you recommend anywhere?


A.
Escape to the Caribbean and stay at
The BodyHoliday
in St Lucia, an all-inclusive adult's only resort. Enjoy morning spinning and group tennis lessons along with one complimentary spa treatment every day. Participate in group yoga and Zumba classes whilst enjoying an array of other fitness classes and activities from beach boxing to power walking. Alternatively try
Canyon Ranch Tuscon
in Arizona, another adult's only resort which offers spinning, tennis, Zumba, yoga, spa treatments and other fabulous fitness classes all included. Set in the spectacular desert and surrounded by mountains, sporting activities on offer include basketball, hiking and trekking to mountain biking.










Q. I'm looking for a 7-day fitness holiday but not a boot camp, something which offers a more holistic approach where I can be rejuvenated too. Can you recommend anywhere?


A.
Travel to Oman and stay at
Zighy Bay
with spectacular mountains and 1.6 miles of broad sandy beach. Enjoy adrenaline-fuelled workouts such as paragliding, hiking and mountain biking along with tailored personal training sessions, tennis, jogging and relaxing spa treatments. Reconnect with nature while staying active and healthy on this functional fitness holiday. Alternatively fly to Mauritius and tone up your physique at
Shanti Maurice
, nestled between sugarcane fields and turquoise waters of the Indian Ocean. Enjoy circuit training, yoga, Pilates, powerwalks, tennis, water sports, golf, Aqua-fit and jogging. Unwind with a meditation session, detox hydrotherapy or body scrub.









Page 1 |
Page 2








Site Links

Useful Information


Destinations

Holiday Types

Blog

Advice

Offers

Top 10s

Press

Jobs

Corporate Wellness

Terms & Conditions

Privacy Policy



Contact Us

__________

Visit our
Australian
site

About Us

Our Philosophy

Why Book With Us

Testimonials

Glossary

Sitemap

Newsletter Signup

Request a Call Back




Our Experts


Health and Fitness Team






Our Travel Specialists have years of experience in finding the perfect healthy holiday to match your needs.

Call and speak to one of our specialists now on +44 (0) 203 397 8891.

Meet our Travel Specialists!





Contact Us

Get in Touch


Health and Fitness Travel

Unit 408, 4th Floor

The Light Bulb

1 Filament Walk

London, United Kingdom

SW18 4GQ



T: 



0203 397 8891

E:
info@healthandfitnesstravel.com



Opening Hours

Mon-Fri: 9:00am - 6:00pm

Sat: 9:00am - 6:00pm

Sun: Closed


























All of our flight inclusive holidays are ATOL protected by the Civil Aviation Authority. Our ATOL number is T7354.





