Top 10 Holidays for spa, detox, fitness, weight-loss, yoga & more


























Share











HEALTH AND FITNESS TRAVEL experts in tailor-made healthy holidays


0203 397 8891


Opening Times:





Tue 05 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Wed 06 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Thu 07 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Fri 08 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Sat 09 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Sun 10 Dec:
Closed



Today: 9:00am - 6:00pm










Favourites


Favourites are empty

Use the Add to Favourites button on a package or resort






Recently Viewed


Recently Viewed are empty











Destinations




Asia


Bali

India

Java

Malaysia

Philippines

Thailand

Vietnam

Sri Lanka




Caribbean


Antigua

Grenada

Jamaica

St. Lucia

Turks & Caicos




Europe


Croatia

Cyprus

France

Greece

Italy

Malta

Portugal

Spain

Switzerland

Turkey

UK




Africa & Indian Ocean


Maldives

Mauritius

Morocco

South Africa

Tanzania




The Americas


Costa Rica

Mexico

Utah

Brazil

Florida




Middle East


Dubai

Oman




Australasia


Australia

New Zealand






View our Destinations Map







Holiday Types




Wellness


Spa

Spa & Sport

Yoga

Detox

Pilates

De-stress

Weight Loss

Healing

Meditation

Anti-ageing

Ayurveda Spa

Beach Spa

Spiritual & Holistic

Nutrition Friendly Retreats

Stop Smoking Holidays

Post-Cancer Recovery Retreats

Mindfulness

Emotional Healing

Sleep Enhancement Retreats




Tailored


Singles Holidays

Couples Healthy Holidays

Family Holidays

Adult Only

Gay Friendly Holidays




Active


Fitness

Fusion Fitness

BodyBreaks

Tennis

Sports Holidays

Cycling

Multi-Activity

Golf

Walking




Specialist


Ultimate Luxury Around the World Wellness Trip

Discover Recover Holidays

Group Retreats

Healthy Honeymoons

The Ultimate Collection

Learning Holidays

Twin & Multi Centre

All-inclusive

Affordable Healthy Holidays

Healthy Breaks

Hen Wellness Breaks

Pre-Wedding Health Retreats

Luxury Spa Breaks

Eco-Friendly Holidays

A Guide to Retreats

Life Coaching Retreats




Adventure


Bootcamp

Water Sports

Adventure

Skiing

Hiking & Trekking

Mountain Biking

Diving

Windsurfing




Seasonal


Spring Renewal

Summer Healthy Holidays

Winter Escapes

Christmas & New Year

Easter Retreats







When to Go



Offers



Advice



Blog






£
 GBP


$ USD


€ EUR


$ AUD























You are here:
Home
/

Top 10s






Top 10s

Whether you are looking to de-stress, increase your fitness, seek spiritual tranquillity with yoga, address a specific health concern, play some sports, get motivated to lose weight or simply indulge yourself with luxury spa treatments, we have the
perfect holiday for you
. Our collection of healthy holidays all offer something different; from the best yoga or detox retreats, beach spa holidays to winter wellness getaways, fitness breaks or a particular destination for adventure and discovery, we collate our themed Top 10 holidays, each with something in common or a similar type of holiday experience. View our Top 10’s below which we regularly update for inspiration and ideas.







Our Top 10s



Yoga

Spa

Detox

Weight Loss

De-stress

Spa & Sport

Sports

Fitness

Fusion Fitness™

Beach Spa

Singles

Couples

Healthy Breaks

Ayurveda Spa

Healing

Group Retreats

Activity

Healthy Honeymoons™

Family Holidays

Learning Holidays

Ultimate Luxury Wellness








Yoga Holidays





Improve your physical and emotional well-being on one of our top 10 luxury yoga holidays. Reinvigorate your health in sublime surroundings and gain the wealth of benefits that yoga offers, including improved posture, flexibility and stress …







Spa Holidays





Relax and indulge yourself on one of our top 10 luxury spa holidays, located in tranquil and breath-taking settings all around the world. From destination spas to thermal and pampering spas, in locations ranging from Thailand, Bali and the …







Detox Holidays





Our top 10 detox holidays will ensure that your system is fully cleansed and your mind rejuvenated by the time you return home. Receive personalised treatments and health advice; benefit from a specific diet and renew your spiritual connect…







Weight Loss Retreats





If you are struggling to lose those extra pounds, one of our top 10 weight loss retreats is for you. You will get the motivation you need to reach your natural weight and pursue a healthier lifestyle when you return home. With personalised …







De-stress Holidays





Unwind and learn to manage your stress on one of our top 10 de-stress holidays. You will have the chance to recuperate and regain focus in your life with activities like yoga and Pranayama breathing, alongside personalised spa treatments an…







Spa & Sport Holidays





Create your own perfect holiday by combing fitness activities with indulgent treatments on one of our top 10 spa & sport holidays. Mix and match daily wellness activities, including yoga, tennis, golf and mountain biking, with a wide ra…







Sports Holidays





Make the most of fantastic sports facilities and get active on one of our top 10 sports holidays. Whether you are looking to work on your swing on a championship golf course, go on a cycling excursion or play some tennis, we have the perfec…







Fitness Holidays





Kick-start your metabolism and take on a healthier lifestyle on one of our top 10 fitness holidays. Choose from a range of different fitness activities, including everything from outdoor sports, like hiking and mountain biking, to classes l…







Fusion Fitness™ Holidays





Our exclusive top 10 Fusion Fitness™ holidays are sure to boost your fitness levels with a combination of one-on-one activities that you can tailor to match your tastes. With this personalised balance of cardio; strength & sport; mind &…







Beach Spa Holidays





Our top 10 beach spa holidays provide perfect havens for relaxation and recuperation. Combine personalised indulgent spa treatments with much-needed downtime on tropical beaches to fully distance yourself from the stresses and strains of da…







Singles Holidays





Unwind and enjoy a healthy holiday on your own terms with one of our top 10 singles holidays. With options like communal dining and group fitness classes available, you can enjoy the company of other like-minded travellers or relish the tra…







Couples Holidays





Discover the perfect romantic getaway for you and your partner with our top 10 couples healthy holidays. Rejuvenate and relax together in idyllic surroundings with your choice of different vitality-boosting activities and luxury spa treatme…







Healthy Breaks





A short relaxing holiday can be all that it takes to escape from the stresses and strains of daily life. One of our top 10 healthy breaks could be exactly what you need to revitalise your body and mind. Combine luxurious spa treatments, fun…







Ayurveda Spa Holidays





Promote mental, physical and spiritual development on one of our top 10 Ayurveda holidays. This holistic approach to wellness addresses a variety of problems, such as emotional imbalances, and offers a wealth of benefits, like a sensation o…







Healing Holidays





Improve your health and well-being on one of our top 10 healing holidays and recover from your demanding lifestyle. A healing holiday offers a wide range of treatments and holistic therapies that can deal with specific health concerns, in a…







Group Retreats





Seek physical and emotional well-being on one of our top 10 health and fitness retreats. Whether you are looking to re-energise, detox, de-stress or get fit, we have the ideal trip for you. Run at specific times during the year, these progr…







Activity Holidays





Cater to the diverse interests of yourself, your friends and your family by participating in a range of healthy activities on a top 10 activity holiday. Whether you would like to go mountain-biking, cycling, trekking and horseback-riding; p…







Healthy Honeymoons™





Begin your happily ever after with our top 10 Healthy Honeymoons™. Tailor-make your idyllic escape with a wealth of hand-picked romantic destinations and activities. Whether you are looking to begin married life on a secluded sun-kissed bea…







Family Holidays





There's fun for all the family with our top 10 family holidays whether you want to get sporty in Cyprus or spa with fitness in the Caribbean. Find some well-deserved time to yourself while the little ones are entertained at the kids club or…







Learning Holidays





With our top 10 learning holidays get more out of your next holiday than a fly-and-flop week spent vegetating on the beach. Whether you learn to surf in Costa Rica, learn yoga in St Lucia, or learn how to meditate in India, utilise that pre…







Ultimate Luxury Wellness





Enjoy five star healthy holidays featuring world class accommodation and top-of-the-line facilities with our top 10 ultimate luxury wellness holidays. Indulge in the delicious gourmet cuisine in one of the luxurious restaurants, and then en…













Site Links

Useful Information


Destinations

Holiday Types

Blog

Advice

Offers

Top 10s

Press

Jobs

Corporate Wellness

Terms & Conditions

Privacy Policy



Contact Us

__________

Visit our
Australian
site

About Us

Our Philosophy

Why Book With Us

Testimonials

Glossary

Sitemap

Newsletter Signup

Request a Call Back




Our Experts


Health and Fitness Team






Our Travel Specialists have years of experience in finding the perfect healthy holiday to match your needs.

Call and speak to one of our specialists now on +44 (0) 203 397 8891.

Meet our Travel Specialists!





Contact Us

Get in Touch


Health and Fitness Travel

Unit 408, 4th Floor

The Light Bulb

1 Filament Walk

London, United Kingdom

SW18 4GQ



T: 



0203 397 8891

E:
info@healthandfitnesstravel.com



Opening Hours

Mon-Fri: 9:00am - 6:00pm

Sat: 9:00am - 6:00pm

Sun: Closed



























All of our flight inclusive holidays are ATOL protected by the Civil Aviation Authority. Our ATOL number is T7354.












