SHA Wellness Clinic | Health and Fitness Travel































Share











HEALTH AND FITNESS TRAVEL experts in tailor-made healthy holidays


0203 397 8891


Opening Times:





Tue 05 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Wed 06 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Thu 07 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Fri 08 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Sat 09 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Sun 10 Dec:
Closed



Today: 9:00am - 6:00pm










Favourites


Favourites are empty

Use the Add to Favourites button on a package or resort






Recently Viewed


Recently Viewed are empty











Destinations




Asia


Bali

India

Java

Malaysia

Philippines

Thailand

Vietnam

Sri Lanka




Caribbean


Antigua

Grenada

Jamaica

St. Lucia

Turks & Caicos




Europe


Croatia

Cyprus

France

Greece

Italy

Malta

Portugal

Spain

Switzerland

Turkey

UK




Africa & Indian Ocean


Maldives

Mauritius

Morocco

South Africa

Tanzania




The Americas


Costa Rica

Mexico

Utah

Brazil

Florida




Middle East


Dubai

Oman




Australasia


Australia

New Zealand






View our Destinations Map







Holiday Types




Wellness


Spa

Spa & Sport

Yoga

Detox

Pilates

De-stress

Weight Loss

Healing

Meditation

Anti-ageing

Ayurveda Spa

Beach Spa

Spiritual & Holistic

Nutrition Friendly Retreats

Stop Smoking Holidays

Post-Cancer Recovery Retreats

Mindfulness

Emotional Healing

Sleep Enhancement Retreats




Tailored


Singles Holidays

Couples Healthy Holidays

Family Holidays

Adult Only

Gay Friendly Holidays




Active


Fitness

Fusion Fitness

BodyBreaks

Tennis

Sports Holidays

Cycling

Multi-Activity

Golf

Walking




Specialist


Ultimate Luxury Around the World Wellness Trip

Discover Recover Holidays

Group Retreats

Healthy Honeymoons

The Ultimate Collection

Learning Holidays

Twin & Multi Centre

All-inclusive

Affordable Healthy Holidays

Healthy Breaks

Hen Wellness Breaks

Pre-Wedding Health Retreats

Luxury Spa Breaks

Eco-Friendly Holidays

A Guide to Retreats

Life Coaching Retreats




Adventure


Bootcamp

Water Sports

Adventure

Skiing

Hiking & Trekking

Mountain Biking

Diving

Windsurfing




Seasonal


Spring Renewal

Summer Healthy Holidays

Winter Escapes

Christmas & New Year

Easter Retreats







When to Go



Offers



Advice



Blog






£
 GBP


$ USD


€ EUR


$ AUD























You are here:
Home
/

Destinations
/

Europe
/

Spain
/

SHA Wellness Clinic






SHA Wellness Clinic

























































Pricing Information


Pricing applies all year round


Prices based on 2 nights accommodation and include flights from UK (optional), full board and return private transfers (optional)




Singles From

£2,255
pp




Sharing From

£1,810
pp






Singles From

£2,285
pp




Sharing From

£1,840
pp




Low Season

High Season

Request a
Quote


Add to
Favourites


Tailor-make a
Holiday





















Packages

The Location

Health & Fitness

Accommodation

Reviews




The pioneering
SHA Wellness Clinic
in Spain prides itself on offering uniquely tailored programmes for its clients, and focuses on creating and maintaining healthy habits. By combining Far East-inspired therapies with the latest western advances, guests at this renowned medical spa can enjoy a combination of macrobiotic diets, massages and treatments to balance body and soul. A range of physical activities, informal lectures, cooking classes and therapies are conducted in beautifully calm and peaceful surroundings to maximise their impact and long lasting benefits. The Wellness Clinic is a source of deep relaxation when hospitality and excellence come together in perfect harmony.


Choose a package:




SHA Detox

Spain, Europe

Detox after aggressive medical treatment, general toxic conditions, gastric problems, saturation of food, lethargy, low energy, and mental clarity. Stress, inactivity, poor diet and many other challenges of modern life often result in the accumulat…



7 Nights From

£3,905
pp




View






SHA Sleep Well

Spain, Europe

Good quality sleep is one of the most important aspects for achieving a healthier life, especially for preventing premature ageing. Lack of sleep can affect everything in your life including stress, fatigue and tiredness during the day, as well as …



7 Nights From

£4,195
pp




View






SHA Weight Loss

Spain, Europe

Obesity can cause tiredness, depression (often linked to body image), and emotional eating patterns. Being overweight can often be associated with health problems such as cardiovascular diseases and diabetes. It also affects vitality and the full e…



7 Nights From

£3,905
pp




View






SHA Fusion Fitness™

Spain, Europe

Improve your cardiovascular fitness, weight loss, muscle strength and increase in physical endurance and overall well-being on our exclusive Fusion Fitness™ holiday at SHA Wellness Clinic. Choose from activities ranging from hiking and sportive wal…



7 Nights From

£2,930
pp




View






SHA Anti-Stress

Spain, Europe

Chronic stress symptoms can include lack of focus, lethargy, irritability, headaches, migraines, feelings of anxiety. The fast pace of modern living and inappropriate eating habits are major causes for increased physical and emotional stress. SHA We…



7 Nights From

£3,945
pp




View






SHA Essence

Spain, Europe

Re-balance your body as you combine ancient eastern techniques with the latest western developments in a holistic healing experience. SHA offers the opportunity to learn life-long habits whist enjoying pure relaxation on a wellness holiday like no o…



7 Nights From

£3,320
pp




View






SHA Discovery

Spain, Europe

De-stress, learn healthy habits and revitalise yourself both inside and out on this short healthy break at SHA Wellness Clinic. You only need a few days to feel the benefits of a well-being stay at this incredible retreat. Consultations with persona…



4 Nights From

£1,810
pp




View






SHA Anti-Tobacco

Spain, Europe

Quit smoking in a natural and healthy way.
Give your tobacco free life a positive start and take a week long well-being break at SHA Wellness Clinic. After a heart and lung check, individualised treatments such as macrobiotic phytotherapy, acupunc…



7 Nights From

£4,405
pp




View






SHA Intensive Weight Loss & Detox

Spain, Europe

This intensive programme is ideal for those looking for evident results in a short period of time. Suited for persons suffering from weight issues, fatigue, stress, depression and anxiety, the SHA method is focused on recovering the ideal state of h…



7 Nights From

£5,200
pp




View






SHA BodyBreak™

Spain, Europe

Boost your overall well-being on our exclusive BodyBreak
™
at SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain. Get expert guidance in a private health examination and learn about your body in a fitness assessment. Re-energise with a choice of activities, including a …



4 Nights From

£1,900
pp




View






SHA Rejuvenation

Spain, Europe

Combining ancient Eastern techniques with the latest scientific advances, this intensive programme will optimise your health and lengthen your life expectancy. Taking your individual genetic make-up in consideration, you will benefit from the necess…



7 Nights From

£8,220
pp




View






SHA Fitness

Spain, Europe

Relish in an active lifestyle as you reap the benefits of fitness training, from improving your physical condition, strength and stamina to reducing fat, toning up and gaining muscle mass. Attain your peak fitness potential regardless of your age, w…



7 Nights From

£4,325
pp




View







Set in unparalleled surroundings near the beach in L'Alfas del Pi, the SHA Wellness Clinic is a superb place from which guests can explore the nearby town of El Albir, which has a wide variety of shops, restaurants and cafes with pretty terraces. There are also several typical Spanish towns nearby like Altea and Calpe, and about an hour away are the bigger Spanish cities of Valencia and Alicante. They provide many touristic and cultural attractions, as well as ample opportunity to visit local museums, churches and theatres. Kylie Minogue, Naomi Campbell and Donna Air have all visited SHA here and we can see why: the fabulous minimalist architecture, coastline views, outdoor yoga sessions and macrobiotic cooking classes are truly inspiring.



Activities




- Padel tennis
- Beach walks
- Putting golf
- Fitness and wellness classes
- Lectures and talks
The following activities are available in the surrounding area:
-Sailing

-Golf

-Athletics

-Tennis

-Squash

-Sailing

-Diving

-Windsurfing

-Snorkelling

-Swimming

-Fishing

-Biking

-Climbing

-Horseback riding

-Bird watching

-Jogging

-Nordic walking

-Walking paths

-Excursions



Food & Restaraunts




SHA creates a harmony between flavour and health with its focus on seasonal foods that retain their natural essence. Offering delicious starters, pasta dishes, fresh fish and more, the SHA Prive Terrace and The Restaurant welcome guests in and provide them with beautiful views of the sea and the resort while they enjoy their meals.



Useful to Know




► Guest rooms are non-smoking
►
Housekeeping is available daily



Location













Facilities




Award-winning spa
Library
Putting green
Shapel
Tea-room
Padel-tennis court



Services




High speed internet

Air conditioned public areas

Porter

Tour assistance

Valet parking

Safe deposit box at front desk

Wheelchair accessible

24-hour front desk







The Spa




SHA's spa calls itself a paradise of wellness, and the title is certainly apt. Offering a range of treatments and therapies from cultures across the world, which are then combined with the latest Western advances, guests will enjoy a completely luxurious experience. Spend time in the hydrotherapy area with therapeutic pools, massage beds, sauna, tepidarium, caldarium, and invigorating pool, all surrounded by a beautiful zen-garden.


On offer at the spa:
-Ai-Chi

-Bad Ragaz Rings Method

-Oxygen bar

-Floatarium

-Shiatsu

-Quiromassage

-Deep tissue massage

-Lymphatic draining massage

-Reiki

-Reflexology

-Stone therapy



Wellness Approach




SHA Wellness Clinic is a pioneering well-being clinic, focused on improving and notably lengthening people's health and well-being through the fusion of the best natural therapies. When its doors opened to guests in November 2008, the hotel and clinic started a revolution in wellness - the world's first macrobiotic wellness resort. SHA's objective is for its guests to leave after a pleasant stay, feeling renewed inside and out, more alive and energetic with a much healthier appearance.





Fitness/Group Classes





Please note that all group classes and activities shown are examples only and are subject to change and rotation, such as seasonal adjustments.

Kick boxing

Bike rental

Kinesis

Cardio tone

Muscular Motivation Techniques

Functional Appraisal - Active Amnesis











Set between the crystal blue sea and the expansive green forests, SHA Wellness Clinic is tucked away on the serene El Albir beach in the Costa Blanca. The stunning design is ultra-modern and über chic - lots of glass, white wall, floors, furniture, tropical plants and water - achieving a minimalist look though with warmth and solidity. SHA has 93 rooms, all of which are Suites, with generous space they range from 80sqm for the starting room category up to 320sqm in the Royal Suite. All have large private terraces to enjoy the spectacular views as well as living rooms and dressing rooms.



Room Types




Deluxe Suite








The spa´s Deluxe Suite provides an array of services with sea views or mountain views, minibar, Wi-Fi, large terrace, spacious dressing rooms, music on demand, etc. A luxury stay in unbeatable surroundings.

Floor Area:
70m² / 753 sq ft




Superior Suite








The Superior Suite is one of the most exclusive rooms at SHA, providing features that guarantee the best stay in a carefully designed environment with luxurious details.

Floor Area:
100m² / 1,076 sq ft




Grand Suite








The Grand Suite comprises large spaces, a terrace, beautiful views overlooking the sea or the mountains, elegantly furnishings and is equipped with the best technology.

Floor Area:
120m² / 1,076 sq ft




Presidential Suite








The new SHA Presidential Suite, is one of the most complete and elegant rooms of the medical hotel. It has spectacular views, the best technology, 2 bathrooms and many more luxurious features.

Floor Area:
175m² / 1,884 sq ft




Royal Suite








SHA´s Royal Suite is the most complete and elegant room at the medical hotel. It has views overlooking the sea or the mountains, a panoramic dining room, the best technology, 2 bathrooms, terrace with a private swimming pool and many more features.

Floor Area:
320m² / 3,445 sq ft








All Rooms Include




Premium bedding
Climate control
Air conditioning
Refrigerator
Coffee/tea making facilities
Private bathroom
Designer toiletries
Bathrobes
Hair dryer
Slippers
Remote lighting/drapery/curtain control
In-room safe (laptop compatible)
Plasma TV
Complimentary Wi-Fi








Our Reviews

Guest Reviews








Adam's Review of SHA Wellness Clinic

Built in 2009, SHA Wellness Clinic is a macrobiotic-based wellness spa and medical clinic encompassing the best of Eastern and Western philosophies to promote a healthy balanced lifestyle. It’s a multi-award-winning high-end wellness holiday for those looking to take a serious approach to...



Read full review...









Sophie’s Review of SHA Wellness Clinic

With warm temperatures in Spain still around 23 Celsius in mid-October; I decided to take a short healthy holiday to SHA Wellness Clinic in Spain for a sunny detox retreat.After a smooth journey from the airport to the resort, I was greeted by the friendly staff and given a brief tour of the facilities. I stayed in an expansive Superior Suite which could accommodate two or three people easily, particularly as it contains two bathrooms.
Read full review...









Sha Wellness Clinic; the healthy break I needed

I was very excited about visiting SHA Wellness Clinic to rejuvenate and energise for a few days in Spain. It's making quite a name for itself and with regular visits from the likes of Kylie Minogue, Simon Cowell and Naomi Campbell, it seems everybody wants to reap the rewards from coming here.



Read full review...











Guest Reviews of SHA Wellness Clinic


What an incredible holiday! This is my second time at SHA and now they have a diary slot scheduled on arrival with a planner so you can adapt and change, which I loved. I went for relaxation, sun, good food and excises.I achieved all of these and more! I wish I could have stayed longer. I even had a jacuzzi on my private balcony! Thank you Health and Fitness Travel for making things so easy for me again!

-
Liana, June 2017




We were very impressed with the quality of the staff! They were caring and provided excellent service, on top of being very professional and knowledgeable. There is such a great range of treatments and even the ones sounding a bit different that the normal turned out to be worthwhile. We were interested in losing weight and Health and Fitness Travel understood our needs perfectly, so we will definitely book again


-
Jim, February 2017



If you can go here...go! It's worth the money, worth the journey and your body will thank you for it from the moment you arrive.
The food and all the restaurant staff are incredible. We were not on a programme so we tried all the menus and even things not on the menu and every bite we had was delectable. It's small(er) portions but again, so tasty and so full of thought, it's an experience!
The rooms...whilst I felt like the bathroom could have been bigger, ours was a standard room, and it was lovely and spacious with dark out blinds if you don't like to wake up with the sun!
The massages were not all as super as we expected - the Thai massage is not for the weak and super after a good workout in the great gym followed by a long luxurious hour in the hydrotherapy area.
Special shout outs to Diana at Front Desk, Juan Jose in the restaurant and Chantal in the Wellness Reception...thanks to them and the rest of the staff for a super 4 days whcih had a great affect on our minds and bodies!


-
SoEtoile, Trip Advisor Review - October 2015




Submit a review















Site Links

Useful Information


Destinations

Holiday Types

Blog

Advice

Offers

Top 10s

Press

Jobs

Corporate Wellness

Terms & Conditions

Privacy Policy



Contact Us

__________

Visit our
Australian
site

About Us

Our Philosophy

Why Book With Us

Testimonials

Glossary

Sitemap

Newsletter Signup

Request a Call Back




Our Experts


Health and Fitness Team






Our Travel Specialists have years of experience in finding the perfect healthy holiday to match your needs.

Call and speak to one of our specialists now on +44 (0) 203 397 8891.

Meet our Travel Specialists!





Contact Us

Get in Touch


Health and Fitness Travel

Unit 408, 4th Floor

The Light Bulb

1 Filament Walk

London, United Kingdom

SW18 4GQ



T: 



0203 397 8891

E:
info@healthandfitnesstravel.com



Opening Hours

Mon-Fri: 9:00am - 6:00pm

Sat: 9:00am - 6:00pm

Sun: Closed



























All of our flight inclusive holidays are ATOL protected by the Civil Aviation Authority. Our ATOL number is T7354.












