BodyHoliday, LeSport | Health and Fitness Travel































Share











HEALTH AND FITNESS TRAVEL experts in tailor-made healthy holidays


0203 397 8891


Opening Times:





Tue 05 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Wed 06 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Thu 07 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Fri 08 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Sat 09 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Sun 10 Dec:
Closed



Today: 9:00am - 6:00pm










Favourites


Favourites are empty

Use the Add to Favourites button on a package or resort






Recently Viewed


Recently Viewed are empty











Destinations




Asia


Bali

India

Java

Malaysia

Philippines

Thailand

Vietnam

Sri Lanka




Caribbean


Antigua

Grenada

Jamaica

St. Lucia

Turks & Caicos




Europe


Croatia

Cyprus

France

Greece

Italy

Malta

Portugal

Spain

Switzerland

Turkey

UK




Africa & Indian Ocean


Maldives

Mauritius

Morocco

South Africa

Tanzania




The Americas


Costa Rica

Mexico

Utah

Brazil

Florida




Middle East


Dubai

Oman




Australasia


Australia

New Zealand






View our Destinations Map







Holiday Types




Wellness


Spa

Spa & Sport

Yoga

Detox

Pilates

De-stress

Weight Loss

Healing

Meditation

Anti-ageing

Ayurveda Spa

Beach Spa

Spiritual & Holistic

Nutrition Friendly Retreats

Stop Smoking Holidays

Post-Cancer Recovery Retreats

Mindfulness

Emotional Healing

Sleep Enhancement Retreats




Tailored


Singles Holidays

Couples Healthy Holidays

Family Holidays

Adult Only

Gay Friendly Holidays




Active


Fitness

Fusion Fitness

BodyBreaks

Tennis

Sports Holidays

Cycling

Multi-Activity

Golf

Walking




Specialist


Ultimate Luxury Around the World Wellness Trip

Discover Recover Holidays

Group Retreats

Healthy Honeymoons

The Ultimate Collection

Learning Holidays

Twin & Multi Centre

All-inclusive

Affordable Healthy Holidays

Healthy Breaks

Hen Wellness Breaks

Pre-Wedding Health Retreats

Luxury Spa Breaks

Eco-Friendly Holidays

A Guide to Retreats

Life Coaching Retreats




Adventure


Bootcamp

Water Sports

Adventure

Skiing

Hiking & Trekking

Mountain Biking

Diving

Windsurfing




Seasonal


Spring Renewal

Summer Healthy Holidays

Winter Escapes

Christmas & New Year

Easter Retreats







When to Go



Offers



Advice



Blog






£
 GBP


$ USD


€ EUR


$ AUD























You are here:
Home
/

Destinations
/

Caribbean
/

St. Lucia
/

BodyHoliday
/

BodyHoliday






BodyHoliday




































Pricing Information


Low season
: 1 June – 11 October
Mid season:
27 April – 31 May & 12 October – 20 December
High season:
21 December – 26 April


Prices based on 7 nights accommodation and include flights from UK (optional), all-inclusive and return shared transfers (optional)




Singles From

£2,375
pp




Sharing From

£2,355
pp






Singles From

£4,710
pp




Sharing From

£4,690
pp




Low Season

High Season

Request a
Quote


Add to
Favourites


Tailor-make a
Holiday




























Overview

The Location

Health & Fitness

Accommodation

Reviews





BodyHoliday is an amazing health and fitness experience. It is a unique combination of one of the world's most beautiful islands, a resort that provides a truly luxurious and personal service, a wellness centre that provides a range of treatments that will leave you feeling alive and a range of fitness activities that could keep you busy from dawn ‘til dusk. On top of this they cater for every taste in food and drink with three great restaurants and relaxing bars. It is an experience that allows you to be as busy or as quiet as you want. It's your holiday; you choose whatever you want to do in St. Lucia.



What's Included




7 Day Programme

- 1 x Daily Spa treatment from a list of 12 (at the award-winning Wellness Centre):-

Lucian Lime & Ginger Scrub; Aromatherapy;
Heaven & Earth; Aloe Yoghurt Body Wrap;
Full Body Massage; Elemis All Skin Type Facial;
Deluxe Coconut & Spice Combo; Hydrotherapy;
Far Infrared treatment; Hand and Foot Zone Therapy;
Mind/Body Restoration; Thalgo Oxygen Facial


- 1 x Free skin consultation
- Breakfast, lunch & dinner are included. (Some menu options are extra)
- Complimentary attendance to group classes including: yoga, Pilates, step aerobics, BodySpin, Body Dance, Absolution, Tai Chi, Meditation, Bike tours & walks, Zumba, Box Fit, Spinning, Qi Gong, circuits, Combat Fitness
(subject to change)
- Land sports include: tennis, golf, archery, fencing, beach volleyball, cycling, hiking, mountain biking
- Tennis and golf lessons
- Water sports include; scuba diving, water-skiing, kayaking, windsurfing, sailing, tubing, snorkelling
- An individual personal training session with fitness instructor
- Hosted singles table every evening
- Cocktail party every Wednesday night and live entertainment






7 nights accommodation
(alternative durations allowed)




All-inclusive




Return transfers
(included, but optional)




Return flights from UK
(included, but optional)








Our Reviews

Guest Reviews








Paul's Review of BodyHoliday

The
Caribbean
is known for its palm beaches, rum punches and all-inclusive hotels, but in St Lucia there’s a well-being resort which promises if you give them your body for a week they will give you back your mind, and if you really engage yourself in their healthy holiday promise it will happen.
I spent 9 nights in St Lucia at BodyHoliday for a health and fitness break...



Read full review...











Guest Reviews of BodyHoliday, LeSPORT

My goodness! What an fantastic holiday! The best one I have ever had, by far. I've already recommended it to lots of people and cannot stress enough more how wonderful it was. Health and Fitness travel was great at suggesting it to me at organising it all. Great work, guys! Thank you. Best place in the world for single travellers, everything is designed to make you feel comfortable and relaxed, interacting with other fellow travellers as much as you feel like. Location is beautiful and the variety of activities is second to none. Overall, the most perfect holiday I could ever dream of!

-Ronnie, July 2017


My holiday at BodyHoliday exceeded all of my expectations! It was the best value for money holiday I have ever had! Health and Fitness Travel was excellent at customer service. Words can't describe how good my stay was! The classes, the treatments, the sunset cruise, the beach… everything! My honest advice is, don't hesitate to book it! Try to go for 2 weeks, you need time to relax and time to enjoy all that the resort has to offer. And also, try to travel solo!

-Joanna, July 2017


I cannot fault anything at the BodyHoliday! The statement “Give us your body and we will give you back your mind” is very accurate! You will feel amazingly relaxed. It's paradise and you will get a break from real life. You will also gain strength to deal with real life when you return home. The classes, Spa, beach and service are all excellent. The setting is calming, both guests and staff are very friendly and you can chat with anyone. The food is healthy but still very nice and you will never be hungry. Watching the sunset in Clubhouse with a glass of Cava or Cocktail is an unforgettable experience. It’s my third time booking with Health and Fitness Travel and the extra resort credit and sunset cruise are such a great addition. Thank you so much

-Monica, May 2017


It was the perfect holiday for me! The selection of activities is fantastic. All very organized, warm and the staff is so welcoming, the treatments were tailored to my specific needs and the staff knowledge helped to guide me as to the appropriate treatments that would further be helpful to me. With regards to my fitness goals, I was able to test my limits with the support of the fitness team. They were great! My favourite things were the dance classes and the evening activities. I really appreciated the US $250 credit from Health and Fitness Travel - it helped with the extra treatments that I needed for my muscles. If you are travelling solo, it’s the best place to be. Staff made sure I was comfortable and it was great to be able to share a table with other guests who were also friendly. It really was the perfect holiday, the perfect balance of physical activities and relaxation!

-Sharon, March 2017


We have just returned from our first visit to The Body Holiday hotel and had a fabulous holiday. The resort is very private with superb amenities. Spotlessly clean, well equipped and all the activities offered were all first class, with excellent coaches and instructors. The food was faultless and the spa outstanding. This hotel offers so much but one thing it truly excels at is the service by the staff - the staff are the most polite, hardworking, accommodating and friendly we have ever come across. We had such a wonderful holiday we are already looking to book to go again in the spring!

-Joanna T, November 2015


This is a great hotel to stay in. It has everything you could ever need in one place. Lots to do if you it's your thing or just relax by the pool or on the beach. Fantastic friendly staff who cannot do enough for you. Rooms are large clean and inviting. We had a luxury ocean view room but expect that all rooms are of a high standard. No TVs in the bedrooms but we were provided with an iPad. Food and choice of food and restaurants excellent, you will not be disappointed. Highly recommend that if you plan on visiting St Lucia that you stay at the body holiday. I do hope to be back in the future.

-MarkRowan6260, November 2015


I had a great holiday. I was really pleased with Health and Fitness Travel, everything was perfect from the finding of the holiday to the support received throughout the booking process.

It was great that you found such a perfect holiday based on listening into my requirements.  The resort itself was amazing, facilities were perfect and the activities were varied and suited me perfectly!! The spa credit was also great touch.

I was also very pleased with the service I received when the aeroplane was delayed including being in touch with the you at the airport and getting your support in making phone calls on my behalf to the hotel, the airport and also sorting out all the transfers. The letter in my room on arrival was also a lovely touch and as a solo traveller was very reassuring.

So I fully recommend travelling with Health and Fitness Travel and in fact mentioned the company several times during my stay as I was so pleased with service that I have had received. You found me the most amazing holiday which I fully enjoyed thanks very much!!!

I'm also very keen to go back there this time next year and will of course be using your company to get it booked! I also want to thank Sophie on a personal note for organising such an amazing holiday...my best yet!!!


-Charmain B, February 2013




Submit a review




You might also like...





Jewel Paradise Cove

Jamaica, Caribbean



At Jewel Paradise Cove, you can improve your health with a wide range of excellent fitness opportunities while you soak up the vibrant Caribbean atmosphere. With fun activities including everything from golf to water skiing, this luxurious…













Other Packages at:


BodyHoliday


Fusion Fitness
SwimFit
Tennis
Yoga or Pilates
WellFit Retreat
Jive June
September Solos
Optimal Wellness
Detox
Weight Loss
De-stress
Healthy Ageing
BodyScience




Key Information:



Location:
St. Lucia

Transfer time:
1 hr 30


Flight duration from UK:
8 hrs 30




Special Offers




Added Value Offer

- $150 wellness credit voucher (per person)
- Free sunset cruise (per person)
- Bottle of Spumante upon arrival (per room)
(valid 7 night+ stay)


40% Discount

Valid for bookings made before 15 December 2017, and for travels from 25 March 2018 to 31 October 2018


35% Discount

Valid for bookings made before 15 December 2017, and for travels from 1 November 2018 to 23 December 2018




Awards







Best Destination Spa in the World


Conde Nast Readers' Travel Awards 2011








Best Spa Worldwide


Trip Advisor Traveller's Choice Awards 2011








Top 3 Favourite Worldwide Resort


The Sunday Times Travel Magaine Readers' Awards 2010








Top 25 Best Caribbean Resorts


Conde Nast Traveller 2009







We Like




LeSport's restaurant Tao; be sure to make a reservation. An exquisite dining experience of eastern and western cuisine; it is known to be one of the best restaurants on the island.







This luxurious spa resort on the island of St. Lucia sits on Cariblue's crescent shaped beach, and is surrounded by acres of unspoilt rainforests and natural waterfalls. There are plenty of destinations to visit around the area, from Pigeon Island, an old pirate hideout, to Rodney Bay Marina, a premier yachting destination. St. Lucia is the perfect island paradise in the centre of the Caribbean.



Activities




- Golf

- Scuba diving

- Snorkelling

- Tennis

- Archery

- Cycling

- Walking

- Jogging

- Extreme mountain biking

- River rapids

- Water skiing

- Windsurfing

- Sailing

- Kayaking

- Tubing

- Adventure tours

- Private sunset boat cruises



Food & Restaurants




A good diet is one of the four pillars of well-being at BodyHoliday and they are very specific about the products that they use. The quality of the food at the four bars and restaurants is important to them. It has to be fresh, beautifully prepared and where they can, they use locally grown produce.
TAO
This award winning restaurant is one of the finest restaurants in the Caribbean and is a unique culinary fusion of East and West.
The Clubhouse
Right at the centre of the action, the Clubhouse is the perfect place for a drink, a spot of afternoon tea, an evening meal or a night time show.
Cariblue Restaurant
Set on the beach, this restaurant is open breakfast to dinner and uses fresh tasty ingredients for some beautiful food options.
The Deli
Perfect for anything from a mid-morning coffee to a salad or sandwich, The Deli is perfect for simple, light dining.
The Piano Bar
Enjoy your favourite drink or a new cocktail whilst you let the resident pianist entertain you.



Useful to Know




► Daily spa treatments are included as part of the all-inclusive offering. This excludes treatments on your arrival and departure days. You must be 16 or over to receive spa treatments.
► Over 16's only, except during traditional spring, summer and Christmas school holidays where the minimum age is 12.



Location











Facilities




Morning and Afternoon dives for PADI qualified divers plus an introductory dive for beginners

Use of 18-hole championship golf course (local charge)

3 x Pools (1 communal pool, 1 activities pool, 1 spa pool)

Class studio

Fitness centre

Spinning bikes

Award winning spa

Ayurveda centre

2 x Floodlit tennis courts



Services




Beach & pool steward service

Live evening entertainment

Skilled personal trainers

Concierge services







The Spa




BodyHoliday boasts an award-winning spa, class studio and a range of mind and body classes, as well as the option for personally designed programmes that focus around your specific areas of need. Most guests have common goals of weight loss, body toning and stress relief, so all spa treatments, therapies and activities are geared towards these. The BodyAware programme also uses a holistic approach to improve your nutritional habits and encourage a regular exercise regime.



Wellness Approach




From its inception, BodyHoliday has strived to deliver a personal service of spa treatments, therapies and activities based on the four pillars of exercise, good diet, restorative beauty and relaxation. Your wellness experience is of the utmost importance, with a specific emphasis put on healthy eating, lifestyle, yoga, massage and herbal remedies. They use holistic Ayurvedic treatments that aid in a healthier and more balanced lifestyle and also have a Training Academy that is dedicated to excellence in the training and practice of its participants.





Fitness / Group Classes





Please note that all group classes and activities shown are examples only and are subject to change and rotation, such as seasonal adjustments.

Mind & body

Aerobics

Yoga

Pilates

Tai Chi

Qi Gong

Meditation

Body stretch fitness & tone

Circuits

Combat fitness

Spin

Beach blitz

Cardio

Step

Zumba

Dance style

On the ball

Combat fitness

Absolution

Box fit

Body dance

Beach box

Beach fit

BodySPIN

BodySPIN MAX

Beach touch rugby

Waterworks

BodyHoliday running club







There are 155 rooms at BodyHoliday where you can relax in peace and quiet. The rooms come in different shapes and sizes but each one offers total comfort and privacy. You can choose from a single garden view room, to the luxury ocean view and ocean front rooms, or you may want the extra luxury of a suite, of which there are several combinations, including the penthouse suite.



Room Types




Garden Room








Enjoy your island getaway in one of The Garden Rooms at BodyHoliday. The Garden Rooms are perfect for single travellers. They are generously proportioned and fabulously furnished with Pulaski Collection furniture and a queen size, four-poster bed. Every Garden Room has a garden view. These rooms are also ideal for teenagers whose parents are in residence.

Floor Area:
29m² / 312 sq ft




Luxury Room








The Luxury Room is the epitome of Caribbean luxury and one of the reasons BodyHoliday is one of the top St Lucia hotels and resorts. The Luxury Room is located on the ground floor of our elevated four-storey building overlooking the garden. Each Room has a mahogany king size bed or two queen beds. The room also has a mahogany-top writing desk, an armchair and lounge chairs. The bathroom exudes luxury all the way with marbled sinks and Kohler Body all-over jet showers.

Floor Area:
55m² / 592 sq ft




Luxury Ocean View Room








The Luxury Ocean View Room is located in an elevated four-storey building. Each room has a four-poster, mahogany king size bed or two queen beds. The room also has a mahogany-top writing desk, an armchair and chaise lounge. The bathroom has a granite vanity with one sink and a Kohler Body all-over jet shower.

Floor Area:
55m² / 592 sq ft




Luxury Ocean Front Room








The Luxury Ocean Front Room is located adjacent to the sea where you can hear the sea breaking in front of your balcony. The bedroom is furnished with either a mahogany king size four-poster bed, or two twin beds. The floors are finished in natural stone and cedar wood, adding brilliance to the luxurious finish.

Floor Area:
55m² / 592 sq ft




Grand Luxury Ocean Front  Room








Located in a four-storey building with a panoramic view of the Caribbean Sea, this newly refurbished room is richly furnished with a large stand-alone bathtub and a large king size bed. There's a mini fridge, a fabulous large marbled bathroom with bath and shower, marble make-up vanity unit, separate marble sink vanity and a generous balcony dressed with patio furniture, overlooking the Caribbean Sea.

Floor Area:
62m² / 667 sq ft




Grand Luxury Ocean Front Junior Suite








This Grand Luxury Ocean Front Junior Suite is one of the most beautiful at our luxurious St Lucia resort. The suite is furnished as the Grand Luxury Ocean Front Room but with the added luxury of a comfortable and beautifully furnished sitting room area.

Floor Area:
92m² / 990 sq ft




Grand Luxury Ocean Front Suite








The Grand Luxury Ocean Front Suite is located on the top floor of a two-storey building adjacent to the sea. It has two separate rooms - a bedroom and living room that are divided by a double door.

Floor Area:
66m² / 710 sq ft








All Rooms Include




Furnished balcony or patio
Climate control
Air conditioning
Phone
Refrigerator
Bathrobes
Complimentary toiletries
Hair dryer
Clock radio
Iron/ironing board
In-room safe
Complimentary wired high-speed Internet
iPod docking station







Our Reviews

Guest Reviews








Paul's Review of BodyHoliday

The
Caribbean
is known for its palm beaches, rum punches and all-inclusive hotels, but in St Lucia there’s a well-being resort which promises if you give them your body for a week they will give you back your mind, and if you really engage yourself in their healthy holiday promise it will happen.
I spent 9 nights in St Lucia at BodyHoliday for a health and fitness break...



Read full review...











Guest Reviews of BodyHoliday, LeSPORT

My goodness! What an fantastic holiday! The best one I have ever had, by far. I've already recommended it to lots of people and cannot stress enough more how wonderful it was. Health and Fitness travel was great at suggesting it to me at organising it all. Great work, guys! Thank you. Best place in the world for single travellers, everything is designed to make you feel comfortable and relaxed, interacting with other fellow travellers as much as you feel like. Location is beautiful and the variety of activities is second to none. Overall, the most perfect holiday I could ever dream of!

-Ronnie, July 2017


My holiday at BodyHoliday exceeded all of my expectations! It was the best value for money holiday I have ever had! Health and Fitness Travel was excellent at customer service. Words can't describe how good my stay was! The classes, the treatments, the sunset cruise, the beach… everything! My honest advice is, don't hesitate to book it! Try to go for 2 weeks, you need time to relax and time to enjoy all that the resort has to offer. And also, try to travel solo!

-Joanna, July 2017


I cannot fault anything at the BodyHoliday! The statement “Give us your body and we will give you back your mind” is very accurate! You will feel amazingly relaxed. It's paradise and you will get a break from real life. You will also gain strength to deal with real life when you return home. The classes, Spa, beach and service are all excellent. The setting is calming, both guests and staff are very friendly and you can chat with anyone. The food is healthy but still very nice and you will never be hungry. Watching the sunset in Clubhouse with a glass of Cava or Cocktail is an unforgettable experience. It’s my third time booking with Health and Fitness Travel and the extra resort credit and sunset cruise are such a great addition. Thank you so much

-Monica, May 2017


It was the perfect holiday for me! The selection of activities is fantastic. All very organized, warm and the staff is so welcoming, the treatments were tailored to my specific needs and the staff knowledge helped to guide me as to the appropriate treatments that would further be helpful to me. With regards to my fitness goals, I was able to test my limits with the support of the fitness team. They were great! My favourite things were the dance classes and the evening activities. I really appreciated the US $250 credit from Health and Fitness Travel - it helped with the extra treatments that I needed for my muscles. If you are travelling solo, it’s the best place to be. Staff made sure I was comfortable and it was great to be able to share a table with other guests who were also friendly. It really was the perfect holiday, the perfect balance of physical activities and relaxation!

-Sharon, March 2017


We have just returned from our first visit to The Body Holiday hotel and had a fabulous holiday. The resort is very private with superb amenities. Spotlessly clean, well equipped and all the activities offered were all first class, with excellent coaches and instructors. The food was faultless and the spa outstanding. This hotel offers so much but one thing it truly excels at is the service by the staff - the staff are the most polite, hardworking, accommodating and friendly we have ever come across. We had such a wonderful holiday we are already looking to book to go again in the spring!

-Joanna T, November 2015


This is a great hotel to stay in. It has everything you could ever need in one place. Lots to do if you it's your thing or just relax by the pool or on the beach. Fantastic friendly staff who cannot do enough for you. Rooms are large clean and inviting. We had a luxury ocean view room but expect that all rooms are of a high standard. No TVs in the bedrooms but we were provided with an iPad. Food and choice of food and restaurants excellent, you will not be disappointed. Highly recommend that if you plan on visiting St Lucia that you stay at the body holiday. I do hope to be back in the future.

-MarkRowan6260, November 2015


I had a great holiday. I was really pleased with Health and Fitness Travel, everything was perfect from the finding of the holiday to the support received throughout the booking process.

It was great that you found such a perfect holiday based on listening into my requirements.  The resort itself was amazing, facilities were perfect and the activities were varied and suited me perfectly!! The spa credit was also great touch.

I was also very pleased with the service I received when the aeroplane was delayed including being in touch with the you at the airport and getting your support in making phone calls on my behalf to the hotel, the airport and also sorting out all the transfers. The letter in my room on arrival was also a lovely touch and as a solo traveller was very reassuring.

So I fully recommend travelling with Health and Fitness Travel and in fact mentioned the company several times during my stay as I was so pleased with service that I have had received. You found me the most amazing holiday which I fully enjoyed thanks very much!!!

I'm also very keen to go back there this time next year and will of course be using your company to get it booked! I also want to thank Sophie on a personal note for organising such an amazing holiday...my best yet!!!


-Charmain B, February 2013




Submit a review













Site Links

Useful Information


Destinations

Holiday Types

Blog

Advice

Offers

Top 10s

Press

Jobs

Corporate Wellness

Terms & Conditions

Privacy Policy



Contact Us

__________

Visit our
Australian
site

About Us

Our Philosophy

Why Book With Us

Testimonials

Glossary

Sitemap

Newsletter Signup

Request a Call Back




Our Experts


Health and Fitness Team






Our Travel Specialists have years of experience in finding the perfect healthy holiday to match your needs.

Call and speak to one of our specialists now on +44 (0) 203 397 8891.

Meet our Travel Specialists!





Contact Us

Get in Touch


Health and Fitness Travel

Unit 408, 4th Floor

The Light Bulb

1 Filament Walk

London, United Kingdom

SW18 4GQ



T: 



0203 397 8891

E:
info@healthandfitnesstravel.com



Opening Hours

Mon-Fri: 9:00am - 6:00pm

Sat: 9:00am - 6:00pm

Sun: Closed



























All of our flight inclusive holidays are ATOL protected by the Civil Aviation Authority. Our ATOL number is T7354.












