Chiva Som | Health and Fitness Travel































Share











HEALTH AND FITNESS TRAVEL experts in tailor-made healthy holidays


0203 397 8891


Opening Times:





Tue 05 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Wed 06 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Thu 07 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Fri 08 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Sat 09 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Sun 10 Dec:
Closed



Today: 9:00am - 6:00pm










Favourites


Favourites are empty

Use the Add to Favourites button on a package or resort






Recently Viewed


Recently Viewed are empty











Destinations




Asia


Bali

India

Java

Malaysia

Philippines

Thailand

Vietnam

Sri Lanka




Caribbean


Antigua

Grenada

Jamaica

St. Lucia

Turks & Caicos




Europe


Croatia

Cyprus

France

Greece

Italy

Malta

Portugal

Spain

Switzerland

Turkey

UK




Africa & Indian Ocean


Maldives

Mauritius

Morocco

South Africa

Tanzania




The Americas


Costa Rica

Mexico

Utah

Brazil

Florida




Middle East


Dubai

Oman




Australasia


Australia

New Zealand






View our Destinations Map







Holiday Types




Wellness


Spa

Spa & Sport

Yoga

Detox

Pilates

De-stress

Weight Loss

Healing

Meditation

Anti-ageing

Ayurveda Spa

Beach Spa

Spiritual & Holistic

Nutrition Friendly Retreats

Stop Smoking Holidays

Post-Cancer Recovery Retreats

Mindfulness

Emotional Healing

Sleep Enhancement Retreats




Tailored


Singles Holidays

Couples Healthy Holidays

Family Holidays

Adult Only

Gay Friendly Holidays




Active


Fitness

Fusion Fitness

BodyBreaks

Tennis

Sports Holidays

Cycling

Multi-Activity

Golf

Walking




Specialist


Ultimate Luxury Around the World Wellness Trip

Discover Recover Holidays

Group Retreats

Healthy Honeymoons

The Ultimate Collection

Learning Holidays

Twin & Multi Centre

All-inclusive

Affordable Healthy Holidays

Healthy Breaks

Hen Wellness Breaks

Pre-Wedding Health Retreats

Luxury Spa Breaks

Eco-Friendly Holidays

A Guide to Retreats

Life Coaching Retreats




Adventure


Bootcamp

Water Sports

Adventure

Skiing

Hiking & Trekking

Mountain Biking

Diving

Windsurfing




Seasonal


Spring Renewal

Summer Healthy Holidays

Winter Escapes

Christmas & New Year

Easter Retreats







When to Go



Offers



Advice



Blog






£
 GBP


$ USD


€ EUR


$ AUD























You are here:
Home
/

Destinations
/

Asia
/

Thailand
/

Chiva Som






Chiva-Som International Health Resort





















































Pricing Information


Low season
: 1 June – 30 September
High season
: 1 October – 31 May


Prices based on 7 nights accommodation and include flights from UK (optional), full board and return private transfers (optional).




Singles From

£5,005
pp




Sharing From

£3,670
pp






Singles From

£7,010
pp




Sharing From

£5,420
pp




Low Season

High Season

Request a
Quote


Add to
Favourites


Tailor-make a
Holiday




























Packages

The Location

Health & Fitness

Accommodation

Reviews




This world-renowned Thai spa emphasises healthy relaxation and holistic therapies to make your stay as tranquil as possible. Dedicated to your well-being, Chiva Som takes you on a journey towards healthier living. From stress relief and weight management, to detox and fitness, expert health and wellness advisers utilise the best in modern, specialist and complementary medicine and spa treatments to create a dedicated programme tailored to your personal wellness needs. Chiva Som is set in lush tropical gardens on the coast of Hua Hin, known as a secluded 'Haven of Life'. It is ideally suited to those looking to escape the hustle and bustle of everyday life in a calm and tranquil environment.


Choose a package:




Chiva-Som Experience

Thailand, Asia

The multi-award winning Chiva Som is regarded as one of the best spa retreats in the world and creates a healthy, stimulating environment that is second to none. After your initial health and wellness consultation, you are able to choose a number o…



7 Nights From

£3,670
pp




View






Chiva-Som Fusion Fitness™

Thailand, Asia

Build your fitness with different methods such as Thai boxing, Ashtanga yoga, social dancing and unlimited daily exercise classes on our exclusive Fusion Fitness™ holiday at Chiva Som. Tailor-make your perfect programme with the latest training tec…



7 Nights From

£3,670
pp




View






Chiva-Som Art of Detox

Thailand, Asia

Chiva Som has been guiding its guests through detoxification for years and they know how to adjust the process to suit your needs. This programme allows you to decide whether to go through a radical or gentle dietary change and to vary the length a…



7 Nights From

£4,340
pp




View






Chiva-Som Yoga for Life

Thailand, Asia

Yoga practice can rejuvenate the body, calm the mind and help heal the spirit through a greater sense of awareness and self-discovery.  Immerse yourself in the Yoga for Life programme and enjoy daily group sessions as well as private on-on-one yoga …



7 Nights From

£4,340
pp




View






Chiva-Som Weight Management

Thailand, Asia

On this retreat, you will work closely with personal trainers and nutritionists to correct your lifestyle; helping you to increase your activity to the optimal level and monitor your dietary patterns to help you lose weight in a healthy and sustain…



7 Nights From

£4,340
pp




View






Chiva-Som Fit for Life

Thailand, Asia

What does being fit and healthy mean to you? Apart from looking good, one should also feel good emotionally and spiritually. Chiva Som’s primary objective is to help you achieve this complete state of health from the inside out. It’s not just about …



7 Nights From

£4,340
pp




View






Chiva-Som Physical Renewal

Thailand, Asia

Everyone regardless of age, values the ability to function as independently as possible during everyday life or exercise. Whether you have a sedentary lifestyle or are a competitive athlete, injuries and aches and pain are a common experience as we …



7 Nights From

£4,340
pp




View






Chiva-Som Cell Vitality

Thailand, Asia

Carefully created to support guests who have recovered from or are in remission from cancer, the comprehensive cell vitality retreat at Chiva Som has been developed by wellness experts to assist in the recovery of vitality and well-being. Daily well…



7 Nights From

£4,340
pp




View






Chiva-Som Emotional Well-Being

Thailand, Asia

Learn how to manage stress and revitalise your emotional well-being at Chiva Som where an all-encompassing holistic approach to wellness will ensure you leave rejuvenated in both body and mind. An initial naturopathic consultation will assist in cre…



10 Nights From

£4,340
pp




View






Chiva-Som Natural Renewal

Thailand, Asia

Embark on a journey of natural renewal at Chiva Som to return home glowing with health and wellness. Whilst holistic health therapies aim to address and resolve any underlying health conditions, rediscover your inner-calm with meditation and diffuse…



7 Nights from

£4,340
pp




View






Chiva-Som Sustainable Slimming

Thailand, Asia

A comprehensive weight loss solution for those looking for long-lasting results, achieve sustainable slimming on this healthy holiday at Chiva Som. Whilst a detox supplement set cleanses your system, re-fuel and nourish your body with delicious and …



14 Nights From

£4,340
pp




View






Chiva-Som Tension Release

Thailand, Asia

Re-discover inner peace as you learn how to release tension, banish stress and lower your blood pressure on this healthy holiday at Chiva Som. Begin your stay with an initial naturopathic consultation to identify problem areas, whilst a supplementar…



10 Nights From

£4,340
pp




View







Chiva-Som, the award-winning luxury health and fitness resort, is dedicated to total well-being via a holistic approach and is a secluded 'haven of life' set within lush tropical gardens on the coast of Hua Hin. The moment you enter Chiva Som, the journey towards healthier living begins.



Activities




- Spa cuisine cooking classes
- Aerobics
- Fruit carving
- Mocktail gathering
- Organic garden tours
- Kayaking
- Beach biking
- Hiking
- Aquatic therapy
- Body composition analysis
- Functional Insight Training (FIT)
- Golf
- Gyrokinesis
- Meditation
- Metabolic Breathing & Body Conditioning
- Personal training
- Pranayama
- Sea kayaking
- Swimming lessons
- Tai Chi
- Tennis
- Thai Boxing (Muay Thai)
- Physiotherapy
-Yoga



Food & Restaurants




The Emerald Room
Serves spa cuisine meals included in the daily programme with an emphasis on low fat, lower calorie food with some vegetarian and wheat, gluten, dairy and sugar-free dishes integrated into the menus.


Taste of Siam

Offers a superb range of international snack foods and drinks for those not participating in a strict meal plan and also specialises in authentic Thai cuisine.

The Orchid Lounge
Serves an extensive choice of drinks (mocktails and teas) and refreshments to quench your thurst at any time of the day.



Useful to Know




► Chiva Som invites guests to enjoy wines and champagnes to help relax in the evenings after 6:00pm.
► The resort is for guests aged 16 years and above.
► The dress code for evening meals is elegantly casual.



Location













Facilities




1 x Indoor heated pool

1 x Outdoor pool

2 x Restaurants

Spa

Library

Boutique
Bathing Pavilion

Bar/lounge

Gymnasium

Dance studio
Kinesis Studio

Yoga pavilion
Plunge Pool
Waterfalls
Kneipp Therapy Foot Bath



Services




Shuttle bus to/from Hua Hin airport
Shuttle bus to/from Hua Hin town
Shuttle bus to/from Chiva-Som’s own organic garden
Limousine service
Concierge
Local tours
Golf (with Golf Buddy programme)
Laundry
Room service
Butler service
24 hour in-house qualified nurse / medical doctor on call
Safety deposit boxes
Currency exchange
DVD/CD music library
Internet service







The Spa




Relax and rejuvenate at Chiva Som's stunning spa. Indulge in the various signature treatments including their signature massage, haven facial and a body cleansing cocoon. There are separate Water Therapy Suites for men and women as well as a sauna, Jacuzzi, steam room and heated waterbeds for relaxation. The caring nature of the therapists will enhance the process of healing and rejuvenation of body and mind. The spa offers a blend of traditional and unique treatments in a calming environment.

Amenities and services include:

- Chiva Som signature treatments
- Pure Source Therapy
- Facial and body therapy
- Hair studio services
- Holistic and medical treatments
- Gymnasium
- Dance Studio
- Aerobics
- Pilates studio
- Kinesis studio
- Fitness testing room
- Yoga & Tai Chi pavilion
- Pilates
- Watsu Pool
- Bathing pavilion



Wellness Approach




Chiva Som specialise in yoga and spa treatments to help guests relax and rejuvenate. They have different therapies for men and women including their own signature therapies and many different styles of yoga, so guests can get away from the stresses and strains of day-to-day life.





Fitness / Group Classes





Please note that all group classes and activities shown are examples only and are subject to change and rotation, such as seasonal adjustments.

Fitness and personal training

Aqua exercises

Dance and exercise classes











Chiva-Som rooms offer luxury and comfort with fittings and features providing a perfect balance between Thai architectural beauty and Western standards. Each room has satellite colour TV, a DVD player and ceiling fans. Air conditioning is available for maximum temperature control and comfort, International Direct Dial telephones, bathrobes, hair dryers, refrigerators and room safes are standard in all rooms. All rooms at Chiva-Som also allow for personalisation for you, the scent burned in oil burners in each room is individually chosen, the amenities in the bathroom are altered depending on your needs and the linen and pillows used within the bedroom can be changed depending on your preference. All Chiva-Som suites come with private butler service throughout your stay.



Room Types




Ocean Room








Each bedroom has its own balcony overlooking the swimming pool, beach and the Gulf of Thailand. These rooms have a bathtub with shower included. Double beds are standard and they can be separated into two twin beds if requested.

Floor Area:
34m² / 365 sq ft




Thai Pavillions








These traditional Thai style buildings are set in landscaped gardens overlooking the resort’s lake or gardens. Grouped together, three Pavilions share a terrace and outdoor Sala sitting area. These rooms have a separate shower cubicle from the bathtub.

Floor Area:
36m² / 387 sq ft




Leelawadee Suite








Located in a secluded position on the ground floor of the central resort building, Leelawadee is Chiva-Som’s top suite. The suite offers a private entrance and includes a spacious living room and dining room with a separate kitchen to host private dining. The bedroom has an extensive walk in dressing and wardrobe area giving guests ample space for personal items. The main bathroom hosts a large circular Jacuzzi and there is an additional guest bathroom accessible from the living room.

Floor Area:
192m² / 2,066 sq ft








All Rooms Include




Air conditioning
Telephone
Refrigerator
Balcony
Ceiling fan
DVD player
Safe
Complimentary toiletries
Bathrobes
Hair dryer
Television








Our Reviews

Guest Reviews








Adam's Review of Chiva Som

Destination Spas don’t come much better than
Chiva Som
. It prides itself on being a truly International Health Resort located in one of Thailand’s thriving destinations in Hua Hin. On my arrival I was welcomed into a lounge overlooking a truly beautiful landscape view. Within no time my schedule for the afternoon had been arranged, with the first of three wellness consultations to reflect...



Read full review...











Guest Reviews of Chiva Som

I love this place. I visited a while back before it was renovated so I'm only going from my own experience. I went as a solo female traveller for a few days to recharge batteries. I booked a wellness package with meals included and I found it to be incredibly worthwhile and beneficial. The packaged included a daily treatment.
The spa was fantastic all the therapists were wonderful. I saw both the naturopath and PT while there and found their expertise and service to be knowledgeable and beneficial. The food is exquisite and you know exactly what your eating, very natural and made appropriately for those who wish to eat a balanced diet while relaxing.
The pool, the location is very peaceful and every night the staff would light an oil burner with lemongrass for turn down service and I slept like a baby.
Best to fly directly into Hua Hin its a long way away from Bangkok and reduces your stress and journey time.
If you can get a transfer flight I would definitely book it to maximise your time here. I couldn't when I booked due to my work schedule so had to transfer via car and it took 3hrs but I still had a wonderful holiday. Its an oasis of calm..

- A L, Trip Advisor Review - September 2015



Overlooking the Gulf of Siam, splendid heritage-designed accommodation in beautiful tropical gardens with colourful orchid splendour.
Sounds, and sweet airs, that give delight and hurt not.
Inspiring voices.
Tens and tens of tension-teasing tender-seeking fingers.
I discovered Chiva Som.
The perfect destination for rebalancing, rejuvenating and reflection.
Surely the global gold standard for physical, mental and spiritual well-being.
Bravo and congratulation to the management and wonderful staff.


- Richard LX7749BL - September 2015





Submit a review















Site Links

Useful Information


Destinations

Holiday Types

Blog

Advice

Offers

Top 10s

Press

Jobs

Corporate Wellness

Terms & Conditions

Privacy Policy



Contact Us

__________

Visit our
Australian
site

About Us

Our Philosophy

Why Book With Us

Testimonials

Glossary

Sitemap

Newsletter Signup

Request a Call Back




Our Experts


Health and Fitness Team






Our Travel Specialists have years of experience in finding the perfect healthy holiday to match your needs.

Call and speak to one of our specialists now on +44 (0) 203 397 8891.

Meet our Travel Specialists!





Contact Us

Get in Touch


Health and Fitness Travel

Unit 408, 4th Floor

The Light Bulb

1 Filament Walk

London, United Kingdom

SW18 4GQ



T: 



0203 397 8891

E:
info@healthandfitnesstravel.com



Opening Hours

Mon-Fri: 9:00am - 6:00pm

Sat: 9:00am - 6:00pm

Sun: Closed



























All of our flight inclusive holidays are ATOL protected by the Civil Aviation Authority. Our ATOL number is T7354.












