Grayshott Fusion Fitness | Health and Fitness Travel































Share











HEALTH AND FITNESS TRAVEL experts in tailor-made healthy holidays


0203 397 8891


Opening Times:





Tue 05 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Wed 06 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Thu 07 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Fri 08 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Sat 09 Dec:
9:00am - 6:00pm

Sun 10 Dec:
Closed



Today: 9:00am - 6:00pm










Favourites


Favourites are empty

Use the Add to Favourites button on a package or resort






Recently Viewed


Recently Viewed are empty











Destinations




Asia


Bali

India

Java

Malaysia

Philippines

Thailand

Vietnam

Sri Lanka




Caribbean


Antigua

Grenada

Jamaica

St. Lucia

Turks & Caicos




Europe


Croatia

Cyprus

France

Greece

Italy

Malta

Portugal

Spain

Switzerland

Turkey

UK




Africa & Indian Ocean


Maldives

Mauritius

Morocco

South Africa

Tanzania




The Americas


Costa Rica

Mexico

Utah

Brazil

Florida




Middle East


Dubai

Oman




Australasia


Australia

New Zealand






View our Destinations Map







Holiday Types




Wellness


Spa

Spa & Sport

Yoga

Detox

Pilates

De-stress

Weight Loss

Healing

Meditation

Anti-ageing

Ayurveda Spa

Beach Spa

Spiritual & Holistic

Nutrition Friendly Retreats

Stop Smoking Holidays

Post-Cancer Recovery Retreats

Mindfulness

Emotional Healing

Sleep Enhancement Retreats




Tailored


Singles Holidays

Couples Healthy Holidays

Family Holidays

Adult Only

Gay Friendly Holidays




Active


Fitness

Fusion Fitness

BodyBreaks

Tennis

Sports Holidays

Cycling

Multi-Activity

Golf

Walking




Specialist


Ultimate Luxury Around the World Wellness Trip

Discover Recover Holidays

Group Retreats

Healthy Honeymoons

The Ultimate Collection

Learning Holidays

Twin & Multi Centre

All-inclusive

Affordable Healthy Holidays

Healthy Breaks

Hen Wellness Breaks

Pre-Wedding Health Retreats

Luxury Spa Breaks

Eco-Friendly Holidays

A Guide to Retreats

Life Coaching Retreats




Adventure


Bootcamp

Water Sports

Adventure

Skiing

Hiking & Trekking

Mountain Biking

Diving

Windsurfing




Seasonal


Spring Renewal

Summer Healthy Holidays

Winter Escapes

Christmas & New Year

Easter Retreats







When to Go



Offers



Advice



Blog






£
 GBP


$ USD


€ EUR


$ AUD























You are here:
Home
/

Destinations
/

Europe
/

UK
/

Grayshott Spa
/

Grayshott Spa Fusion Fitness






Grayshott Spa Fusion Fitness™








































Pricing Information


Pricing applies all year round


Prices based on 4 nights accommodation and include full board.




Singles From

£935
pp




Sharing From

£935
pp






Singles From

£935
pp




Sharing From

£935
pp




Low Season

High Season

Request a
Quote


Add to
Favourites


Tailor-make a
Holiday





















Overview

The Location

Health & Fitness

Accommodation

Reviews





Enjoy a health and fitness boost at Grayshott Spa in Surrey with our Fusion Fitness
™
programme. Set in 47 acres of beautiful gardens and woodland, this is the ideal retreat to enhance your fitness regime, get healthy and relax. The expert team of health consultants, therapists and their Olympian led fitness team will help maximise and tailor your stay to help you achieve your personal wellness needs.



What's Included




Fusion Fitness Programme

> PLEASE NOTE
there is a weekend supplement of £25 per person per night for Friday and Saturday.
- 1 x Health and fitness consultation (30 min)
- 1 x Body composition analysis (25 min)
-
Choose from 4, 7 or 10 x 1-on-1 activities, lessons and/or spa treatments.
Choose from the options below:

(pricing from based on 4)







Cardio








Strength & Sport





- One-to-one power walk (40 min)
- Core Fusion workout (40 min)
- Interval training (40 min)
- Personal training (45 min)

- Power Plate workout (25 min)
- Bums and thighs workout (40 min)
- Strength training (40 min)






















Mind & Body





Renewal





- Pilates, yoga, Tai Chi or Qi Gong private one-to-one class (55 min)
- Moving meditation (45 min)
- Dry floatation (40 min)

- Grayshott classic massage (40 min)
- Reflexology (40 min)
- Hydro marine bath (40 min)
- Reviving glow facial (40 min)




Please note only 1 item can be selected from the renewal element for a 4 day programme, 2 items for a 7 day programme and 3 for a 10 day programme.

- Complimentary attendance to group classes including
:
power walk, circuit training, stretching, yoga, Pilates, Tai Chi, Chi Kung and legs bums & tums
(subject to change)
-
Complimentary access to Grayshott's extensive facilities including; spa, gym, swimming pool, indoor and outdoor tennis courts, supervised daily walks in the grounds and adjacent national trust land.





4 nights accomodation
(alternative durations allowed)




Full board
(also includes nibbles and fruit cocktails at the Bubbles Lounge)








Our Reviews

Guest Reviews








Adam's Review of Grayshott Spa

Pax intrantibus; Salus exeuntibus. These are the markings in stone above the entrance and exit to Grayshott Spa in Latin, translating to Peace on Arrival and Health on Departure. Grayshott Spa is just a short 15-minute taxi from the local train station, Haslemere, connecting directly into London Waterloo. As soon as I arrived I was shown a tour of the grounds whilst I waited for my room to be ready and took the opportunity to relax in the Drawing room.



Read full review...











Guest Reviews of Grayshott Spa


We found the location wonderful! All the old part of the hotel really is beautiful! The food was also excellent, with good service, and it was a restful stay. I ended up changing one of the activities into a massage, and shortening two others and they were very accommodating. The coach was very good and the sports room well equipped.


- Natalie, December 2016



I have had the most amazing time getting retuned into losing weight, fitness and nutrition. Julie and Juls are fabulous. It is a lovely setting, fantastic accommodation, superb food and excellent exercise with lots of variation. Can't rate it high enough. I will definitely be back.
- Elspeth, Trip Advisor Review - February 2015


I attended The Body Retreat's weight-loss program in January 2014, staying in a beautiful venue in Somerset (with indoor pool, sauna and a hot tub!)
I found it a completely life-changing experience - I learnt so much about nutrition and exercise and have completely changed my eating and exercise habits as a result.
The other attendees were all like-minded; it was great meeting people with similar challenges and experiences and definitely made my time there easier.
The program is physically very demanding as you'd imagine; however we were never pushed beyond what we could cope with, and Julie was a very motivating trainer - and not too scary either! The exercise program was very varied and a number of other trainers joined us to run different classes.
The food was delicious - Juls is an amazing cook - and the nutrition classes were fascinating and insightful.
I'd recommend the Body Retreat weight loss program to anyone who has weight to lose, particularly if you've tried every diet going and struggled with your weight for years - stop thinking about it, just do it!
- SparkleponyDHB, Trip Advisor Review - January 2014




Submit a review


Error loading MacroEngine script (file: ModuleYouMightAlsoLike.cshtml)







Other Packages at:


Grayshott Spa


Optimal Health
Recovery
Tennis




Key Information:



Location:
Surrey, United Kingdom, GU26 6JJ




Special Offers




Added Value Offer

- Have a complimentary £50 voucher per person for any programme
(except August and valid for 4 nights+ stay)

- Have a complimentary upgrade
(valid on all programmes booked for 7 nights+ stay excluding Grayshott Regime )




Awards







Best UK Destination Spa

Conde Nast Traveller Award 2015







Best for Diabetes

Tatler 2016







Best UK Destination Spa 2015

Conde Nast Traveller Award







Best for Diabetes 2016

Tatler 2016










Set in 47 acres of beautiful gardens and woodland, this is the ideal retreat to enhance your fitness regime, get healthy and relax. The expert team of health consultants, therapists and their Olympian led fitness team will help maximise the benefits of your stay and ensure you leave feeling motivated and revitalised.



Activities




- Indoor and outdoor tennis
- Golf
- Film screening
- Stress management classes
- Fitness classes



Food & Restaurants




Dining Room
The sophisticated dining room overlooks the green gardens and guests are welcomed to a buffet breakfast in the dining room every morning, where there is the option of a ‘light diet’ or more substantial portions. At lunchtime, a three course lunch buffet is served. Dinner is an à la carte menu, perfectly accompanied by a large choice of wines.
The Conservatory
The Conservatory also offers a ‘light diet’ lunch menu.
The Bubbles Bar
For an afternoon or evening drink, the Bubbles Bar is the place to be.



Useful to Know




► The minimum guest age is 16 years old.



Location











Facilities




Indoor pool with hydrotherapy pool
Outdoor pool (April - Sept)
Class studio
Fitness centre
Private 9-hole golf course
Spa
2 x Indoor tennis courts
Outdoor tennis court
Cinema



Services




Complimentary Wi-Fi
Room service
Private parking







The Spa




The chic spa at Grayshott is a haven of tranquillity and relaxation. There are both male and female spas, ensuring every guest’s needs are catered to. The spas feature heat treatment relaxation rooms, hydrotherapy suites, Hammam beds and elegant treatment rooms, including a VIP treatment room especially for couples. With an extensive treatment menu to choose from, you are sure to find the perfect treatment or therapy to suit you.
The following treatments are available:
- Massage therapies
- Body therapies
- Facial skin care
- Envelopments, scrubs & floats
- Hydrotherapy
- Manicures and pedicures
- Hair styling and treatments



Wellness Approach




Grayshott is well-known for its holistic approach towards well-being.  A combination of natural therapies, lifestyle and beauty treatments on top of a healthy eating plan will assist in a complete sense of rejuvenation and inner calm. The team of therapists is extremely skilled and they boast a world-wide reputation for the quality and expertise of their treatments.





Fitness / Group Classes





Please note that all group classes and activities shown are examples only and are subject to change and rotation, such as seasonal adjustments.

Body composition analysis

Fitness assessment

P
ersonal training

Power plate workout

Swimming lessons

Pilates

Yoga

Tai Chi

Tennis coaching

Grayshott Golf Academy







From the classic elegance of the Manor House suites, to the more contemporary style of the Junior Suites and Standard rooms, all the rooms are designed to cocoon you in comfort and calm, and are equipped to make your stay relaxing and enjoyable. Each of the 59 suites and bedrooms are decorated and furnished to provide elegant and comfortable accommodation, with sumptuous furnishings, luxury fabrics and both modern and traditional textiles. Most rooms overlook the gardens and grounds. All ground floor rooms have patio doors leading onto the gardens.



Room Types




Single








The single and double rooms have the same stylish decor as the junior suites, but without a lounge area and with a shower instead of a bath.

Floor Area:
16.5m² / 177 sq ft




Standard








The Standard single and double rooms have the same stylish decor as the junior suites, but without a lounge area and with a shower instead of a bath.

Floor Area:
23.5m² / 253 sq ft




Junior Suite








The Junior Suites are located alongside the Manor House, with orchard or garden views. These are contemporary-styled, well-appointed, air-conditioned suites with lounge area, bath and separate shower, two televisions and a cordless phone.

Floor Area:
38m² / 409 sq ft




Manor House Suite








Grayshott was once a family home, and there are eight Manor House suites in the main 19th-century house. These are stylish and comfortable rooms, furnished in a classic, elegant style. They are air-conditioned, with beautiful views over the grounds, and all have luxury bathrooms. The Tennyson suite, which comfortably accommodates four people, is the most spacious, with a separate bathroom and a lounge.

Floor Area:
44m² / 474 sq ft








All Rooms Include




DVD player
Direct-dial phone
Private bathroom
Bathrobes
Complimentary toiletries
Hair dryer
Slippers
In-room safe
Iron/ironing board (on request)
Flat-panel TV
Complimentary Wi-Fi







Our Reviews

Guest Reviews








Adam's Review of Grayshott Spa

Pax intrantibus; Salus exeuntibus. These are the markings in stone above the entrance and exit to Grayshott Spa in Latin, translating to Peace on Arrival and Health on Departure. Grayshott Spa is just a short 15-minute taxi from the local train station, Haslemere, connecting directly into London Waterloo. As soon as I arrived I was shown a tour of the grounds whilst I waited for my room to be ready and took the opportunity to relax in the Drawing room.



Read full review...











Guest Reviews of Grayshott Spa


We found the location wonderful! All the old part of the hotel really is beautiful! The food was also excellent, with good service, and it was a restful stay. I ended up changing one of the activities into a massage, and shortening two others and they were very accommodating. The coach was very good and the sports room well equipped.


- Natalie, December 2016



I have had the most amazing time getting retuned into losing weight, fitness and nutrition. Julie and Juls are fabulous. It is a lovely setting, fantastic accommodation, superb food and excellent exercise with lots of variation. Can't rate it high enough. I will definitely be back.
- Elspeth, Trip Advisor Review - February 2015


I attended The Body Retreat's weight-loss program in January 2014, staying in a beautiful venue in Somerset (with indoor pool, sauna and a hot tub!)
I found it a completely life-changing experience - I learnt so much about nutrition and exercise and have completely changed my eating and exercise habits as a result.
The other attendees were all like-minded; it was great meeting people with similar challenges and experiences and definitely made my time there easier.
The program is physically very demanding as you'd imagine; however we were never pushed beyond what we could cope with, and Julie was a very motivating trainer - and not too scary either! The exercise program was very varied and a number of other trainers joined us to run different classes.
The food was delicious - Juls is an amazing cook - and the nutrition classes were fascinating and insightful.
I'd recommend the Body Retreat weight loss program to anyone who has weight to lose, particularly if you've tried every diet going and struggled with your weight for years - stop thinking about it, just do it!
- SparkleponyDHB, Trip Advisor Review - January 2014




Submit a review













Site Links

Useful Information


Destinations

Holiday Types

Blog

Advice

Offers

Top 10s

Press

Jobs

Corporate Wellness

Terms & Conditions

Privacy Policy



Contact Us

__________

Visit our
Australian
site

About Us

Our Philosophy

Why Book With Us

Testimonials

Glossary

Sitemap

Newsletter Signup

Request a Call Back




Our Experts


Health and Fitness Team






Our Travel Specialists have years of experience in finding the perfect healthy holiday to match your needs.

Call and speak to one of our specialists now on +44 (0) 203 397 8891.

Meet our Travel Specialists!





Contact Us

Get in Touch


Health and Fitness Travel

Unit 408, 4th Floor

The Light Bulb

1 Filament Walk

London, United Kingdom

SW18 4GQ



T: 



0203 397 8891

E:
info@healthandfitnesstravel.com



Opening Hours

Mon-Fri: 9:00am - 6:00pm

Sat: 9:00am - 6:00pm

Sun: Closed



























All of our flight inclusive holidays are ATOL protected by the Civil Aviation Authority. Our ATOL number is T7354.












