
Dr. Bill Thomas | Holiday Retirement






























Menu



1-800-322-0999










Find a Community











1-800-322-0999



Get in Touch





Search







Senior Living



Independent Senior Living



Assisted Living



Alzheimers and Memory Care





Our Communities



Life at Holiday



Activities and Events



Event Calendar



Inside the Kitchen



Community Connection



Resident Spotlight



Holiday Moments



Bedtime Stories



Holiday's Commitment to Veterans



Volunteers



Video Gallery





Retirement Guide



Senior Living Options



Transition Tips for A Loved One



Transition Tips for Yourself



Retirement Cost of Living Calculator



Financial Options



Planning a Visit



Misconceptions of Senior Living



Tough Conversations



Senior Living Articles



Partnerships





About Us



Who is Holiday



Leadership Team



Employee Spotlight



Careers



Press Room



Corporate Giving



Senior Living Awards



Suppliers



Get in touch








Home

Dr Bill Thomas









Together, we are changing aging.

Get the news







Together, we are changing aging.

Get the news











800-322-0999


Find a community






About Dr. Thomas


Dr. Bill Thomas joined Holiday Retirement as the company's chief wellness officer in 2017. Dr. Thomas is a world-renowned authority on geriatric medicine, in addition to being an author, entrepreneur, musician, teacher and farmer. He is also the founder of The Eden Alternative, an international non-profit dedicated to creating quality of life for seniors and their care partners.


Click to Close






For nearly a quarter century, Dr. Thomas has transformed how seniors and their care partners view aging. Named a “top 10 innovator” by
The Wall Street Journal
and one of “America’s best leaders” by
US News and World Report
for his work shaping the future of retirement, Dr. Thomas brings his innovative outlook on aging and senior care to his role as chief wellness officer.

Changing the narrative

One study after another has proven that how we perceive aging, to a very large degree, determines how we age, Thomas says. With the accepted narrative of aging one of decline, disease, and disability, it’s difficult to look upon advancing years in a positive light. Dr. Thomas challenges the negative stereotypes in hopes of changing the narrative. “It’s the story that matters,” he says. “How people interpret their experience goes a long way to determining their wellbeing."



Dr. Thomas and Holiday Retirement

Dr. Thomas is combining his unparalleled expertise in human aging with Holiday Retirement’s more than 45 years of experience providing senior living to transform what it means to age well in the United States.  Dr. Thomas’ forward thinking approach to aging wellness is helping Holiday Retirement continue to modernize the company's products to improve services, deliver better value and further enrich the lives of our residents.




Articles & Press Releases


Here at Holiday Retirement, we endeavored to provide our signature “Holiday Touch” to residents and their families.  We share in Dr. Bill Thomas' passion for helping older adults live more fulfilling lives.  We hope you'll find this content meaningful and share it with others.


Click to Close





Read here for the latest news stories, press releases and more from our family to yours.


Mar 20, 2017
|
Dr. Bill Thomas joins Holiday Retirement as chief wellness officer





Video & Podcasts

Experience what it means to be ChangingAging for yourself. Watch videos and listen to the latest podcasts from Holiday Retirement's chief wellness officer. Check back often to see what we’re up to.







Video | Introducing Dr. Bill

Like Holiday Retirement, one of the great pioneers of successful aging.








Podcast | Redefining Aging

Listen to the first of many enlightening talks on redefining aging.








Podcast | Health and Fitness

In this episode, Dr. Thomas breaks down stereotypes and myths related to health and fitness for older adults.








Podcast | Eating and Nutrition

Wondering what is an appropriate BMI or diet for older adults? Dr. Thomas explains why the answer to those questions is extraordinarily simple.








Podcast | Forget Successful Aging

Aging expert and gerontologist Dr. Thomas takes on the topics of success and aging, and dispenses valuable advice and wisdom on how best to combine the two.








Podcast | Elderspeak

What is Elder Speak? Expert geriatrician Dr. Bill Thomas takes this uncommon topic head-on, sharing advice on how to recognize it, and what to do if you see it happening.








Podcast | The Longevity Bonus

Expert geriatrician Dr. Bill talks about some of the myth busters surrounding life expectancy and more importantly, making the most of the longevity each of us have left.








Podcast | Sleeping and Aging

In this episode, Dr. Bill Thomas addresses healthy sleeping habits, the sleep changes we go through as we age, and the importance of sleep and enjoying time awake.








Podcast | Managing Finances

Dr. Bill speaks on managing finances for your life now and also for your future self. Discover how wise financial choices helps create a better life for you.








Podcast | Healing

Holiday aging expert Dr. Bill Thomas says healing is broad and many things contribute to it. Empathy, gentleness, and getting back to the way things used to be all contribute to the healing process.








Podcast | Social Media

Dr. Bill’s latest podcast addresses social media, a topic that isn’t often associated with older people. Social media is a way to connect people, with these tools we can talk about aging on our terms.








Podcast | Aging and Intimacy

In his latest Aging Literacy series podcast, Dr. Bill talks about beliefs that most people no longer desire physical intimacy once reaching their late 40s or early 50s.








Podcast | Mental Health and Depression

In his latest Aging Literacy series podcast, Dr. Bill discusses the difficult topics of mental health and depression as they relate to aging.








Podcast | Social Isolation

In this Dr. Bill podcast, listen to the topic of social isolation especially in seniors. The good news is, "we know the cure: be connected to people."








Podcast | Convivium

Dr. Bill Thomas talks about the importance of convivium, the enjoyment of sharing good food and company, especially among older people.






ChangingAging Tour

Learn more about Dr. Thomas' belief that aging is a strength, rich in developmental potential and growth.




2017 ChangingAging Tour

Blending medical science, storytelling and live music The ChangingAging Tour shatters our culture's damaging myths about aging.

View the schedule




Dr. Bill's Blog

Dr. Bill is changing aging through dialogue. This blog conveys the need for a radical reinterpretation of longevity.

Join the conversation




Explore Books and Podcasts

Can't get enough of Dr. Bill? Explore a wide range of books, podcasts and blog posts including the #AskDrBillShow.

Take a listen








Our Communities


United States


Alabama

Arizona

Arkansas

California

Colorado

Connecticut

Florida

Georgia


Hawaii

Idaho

Illinois

Indiana

Iowa

Kansas

Kentucky

Louisiana


Maine

Massachusetts

Michigan

Minnesota

Mississippi

Missouri

Montana

Nebraska


Nevada

New Hampshire

New Jersey

New Mexico

New York

North Carolina

Ohio

Oklahoma


Oregon

Pennsylvania

South Carolina

South Dakota

Tennessee

Texas

Utah

Virginia


Washington

Wisconsin

Wyoming





























About the Site


1-800-322-0999




Home



Careers



Contact Us



AL Notice of Privacy Practices



Privacy Policy



Site Map



Telephone Contact Policy



Terms of Use







© 2017 Harvest Management Sub LLC





Click to Close

Click to Expand







