
Senior Living Awards | About Us | Holiday Retirement






























Menu



1-800-322-0999










Find a Community











1-800-322-0999



Get in Touch





Search







Senior Living



Independent Senior Living



Assisted Living



Alzheimers and Memory Care





Our Communities



Life at Holiday



Activities and Events



Event Calendar



Inside the Kitchen



Community Connection



Resident Spotlight



Holiday Moments



Bedtime Stories



Holiday's Commitment to Veterans



Volunteers



Video Gallery





Retirement Guide



Senior Living Options



Transition Tips for A Loved One



Transition Tips for Yourself



Retirement Cost of Living Calculator



Financial Options



Planning a Visit



Misconceptions of Senior Living



Tough Conversations



Senior Living Articles



Partnerships





About Us



Who is Holiday



Leadership Team



Employee Spotlight



Careers



Press Room



Corporate Giving



Senior Living Awards



Suppliers



Get in touch








Home

About Us

Senior Living Awards







Senior Living Awards

We believe we have the best senior living retirement communities around!  In the past several years we have received senior living awards and industry awards for which we are very grateful. These awards prove our residents and their families think we are the best too. Take a few minutes and read more about our senior living awards below and the communities that have been honored.

2018 Awards







SeniorAdvisor.com 'Best of Senior Living Awards 2018'

SeniorAdvisor.com honors 87 Holiday Retirement communities with 'Best of Senior Living'.

See the list of 87 communities named Best of 2018











Caring.com "Caring Star of 2018"

28 Holiday Retirement communities have been recognized as a "Caring Star of 2018" based on positive consumer reviews on Caring.com.

See the list of top 2018 retirement communities.









2017 Awards







Caring.com "Caring Star of 2017"

A record 34 Holiday Retirement communities have been recognized as a "Caring Star of 2017" based on positive consumer reviews on Caring.com.

See the list of top 2017 retirement communities.









SeniorAdvisor.com Best of Senior Living Awards

SeniorAdvisor.com honors 91 Holiday Retirement communities as part of the SeniorAdvisor.com ’Best of 2017 Awards,’ placing them in the top two percent of senior living providers nationwide.

Get the complete list of winning communities.









2016 Awards







Caring.com "Caring Star of 2016"

We're proud to announce that six Holiday Retirement communities have been awarded the Caring.com "Caring Star of 2016" award based on consumer reviews.

Learn more about the award and the exceptional service communities deliver to our residents every day.











2016 Best of Senior Living Awards

More than 80 Holiday Retirement communities earned a 2016 Best of Senior Living Award from SeniorAdvisor.com


See a list of the winning communities.







2015 Awards










National Mature Media Award

We are the proud recipients of a 2015 National Mature Media Award for our campaign "100 Years of Wisdom: The Perspective of Centenarians."


Click here to learn more.












Bronze Anvil Award

The Bronze Anvil Awards recognize outstanding public relations tactics that contribute to the success of an overall program or campaign. Holiday Retirement was celebrated as one of the best of the best in the media relations category for its campaign “100 Years of Wisdom: The Perspective of Centenarians.


Learn more about the award and campaign.












ALFA Hero

ALFA's 2015 Hero Awards honor extraordinary individuals who serve older adults in senior living communities. Madrona Hills' enrichment coordinator, Joyce Fowlkes, was awarded the 2015 ALFA Hero Award for her dedication to seniors.

Learn more about Joyce and her award.












ALFA Best of the Best

Holiday Retirement won a 2015 ALFA Best of the Best Award for its partnership with The National Center on Shaken Baby Syndrome.

Read more about the award and partnership.












Caring.com "Caring Star of 2015"

Based on consumer ratings and reviews, seven Holiday Retirement communities have been awarded the Caring.com "Caring Star of 2015" award for service excellence. Visit these exceptional communities to see why they are winners.

Read more about the winning communities.











SeniorAdvisor.com 2015 Best of Senior Living award

Every year,
SeniorAdvisor.com
, the nation’s largest senior living review site, presents “Best Of” awards to recognize senior living and home care providers who receive consistently high ratings and positive reviews from residents, families, and visitors. This exclusive designation is awarded to
less than one percent
of providers nationwide. Holiday Retirement is proud to boast a number of communities atop the list.

See the full list of winning communities.







2014 Awards








ALFA – Corry Roberts

Annually, the
Assisted Living Federation of America (ALFA)
recognizes individuals who are ideal representatives of associates serving in senior living communities across the nation, naming them “Heroes.” In 2014, one of Holiday Retirement’s own, Corry Roberts, from
The Inn at Cass Lake
, was honored with ALFA’s prestigious Hero Award.

Watch a video about Corry and her exceptional work that earned her this award.











Best senior living website in 2014 by SeniorHomes.com

In addition to honoring the top senior communities and care providers in the senior living industry,
SeniorHomes.com
also recognizes excellence in innovation among both large and small providers. Holiday Retirement is proud of its achievements in innovation, earning top honors in for our website.

Read more about this award.











Two Holiday Retirement communities awarded the “Caring Star” of 2014 by Caring.com

Perhaps the most exclusive of awards in the senior living industry, every “
Caring Star
“ is subject to a rigorous set of standards by which every recipient is judged. Truly, only the best of the best are named Caring Stars, and Holiday Retirement is proud to boast two of our communities as winners:
Renaissance-Sherman
and Spring Haven Retirement.

Find out what makes these communities "stars".











Wake Forest Weekly’s "Best of the Best" People's Choice Award

Voted “Best of the Best” by its local publication,
The Lodge at Wake Forest
received this honor in the Wake Forest Weekly’s annual people’s choice awards.  They also received this award in 2013.

Learn more about this "People's Choice" award for The Lodge at Wake Forest.










Northwest Arkansas "Best of the Best" award

Every year Northwest Arkansas Online awards local businesses with the "Best of the Best" awards.
Apple Blossom
has won for Best Retirement Community in 2013 and 2014.









Evansville Courier & Press "Gold Winner" Readers' Choice award

Willow Park
was named a 2014 Readers’ Choice Gold Award Winner by Evansville Courier & Press.  The award was determined by readers who cast their vote for the best businesses in the Evansville, Indiana area.





2013 Awards








Excellence Awards from SeniorAdvisor.com

In its inaugural year, the Excellence Award from
SeniorAdvisor.com
was presented to only the very best providers in the senior living industry. Our Holiday Retirement communities are honored to be named on this exclusive and distinguished list of senior living communities.

Get the complete list of winning communities and learn how they were chosen.










Holiday Retirement communities win top honors from SeniorHomes.com

Every year,
SeniorHomes.com
names the top senior living communities in the industry. A number of Holiday Retirement communities made this prestigious list for excellence in 2013.


See a complete list of "the best".










About Us



Who is Holiday



Leadership Team



Employee Spotlight



Careers



Press Room



Corporate Giving



Get in touch








Our Communities


United States


Alabama

Arizona

Arkansas

California

Colorado

Connecticut

Florida

Georgia


Hawaii

Idaho

Illinois

Indiana

Iowa

Kansas

Kentucky

Louisiana


Maine

Massachusetts

Michigan

Minnesota

Mississippi

Missouri

Montana

Nebraska


Nevada

New Hampshire

New Jersey

New Mexico

New York

North Carolina

Ohio

Oklahoma


Oregon

Pennsylvania

South Carolina

South Dakota

Tennessee

Texas

Utah

Virginia


Washington

Wisconsin

Wyoming





























About the Site


1-800-322-0999




Home



Careers



Contact Us



AL Notice of Privacy Practices



Privacy Policy



Site Map



Telephone Contact Policy



Terms of Use







© 2017 Harvest Management Sub LLC





Click to Close

Click to Expand







