
Privacy Policy | Holiday Retirement






























Menu



1-800-322-0999










Find a Community











1-800-322-0999



Get in Touch





Search







Senior Living



Independent Senior Living



Assisted Living



Alzheimers and Memory Care





Our Communities



Life at Holiday



Activities and Events



Event Calendar



Inside the Kitchen



Community Connection



Resident Spotlight



Holiday Moments



Bedtime Stories



Holiday's Commitment to Veterans



Volunteers



Video Gallery





Retirement Guide



Senior Living Options



Transition Tips for A Loved One



Transition Tips for Yourself



Retirement Cost of Living Calculator



Financial Options



Planning a Visit



Misconceptions of Senior Living



Tough Conversations



Senior Living Articles



Partnerships





About Us



Who is Holiday



Leadership Team



Employee Spotlight



Careers



Press Room



Corporate Giving



Senior Living Awards



Suppliers



Get in touch








Home

Privacy Policy







Privacy Policy

Last modified: January 4, 2013

Introduction

This Privacy Policy ("Policy") applies to this website,
www.HolidayTouch.com
, and all websites, social media sites, mobile applications, and other services that expressly reference and/or incorporate this Policy (collectively, the "Site"). The Site is owned, operated, licensed or controlled by Harvest Management Sub TRS Corp., dba Holiday Retirement® ("Company," "we," "us").

This Policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the Site and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.

This Policy applies to information we collect:


On this Site.

In e-mail, text and other electronic messages between you and this Site.


It does not apply to information collected by:


us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by Company that does not expressly incorporate this Policy (including our affiliates and subsidiaries), or any unrelated third party website; or

any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any application or content that may link to or be accessible from or on the Site.




Please read this Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Site. By accessing or using this Site, you agree to this Policy. This Policy may change from time to time (see
Changes to our Privacy Policy
below). Your continued use of this Site after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the Policy periodically for updates.

International Users

Our digital operations on this Site are conducted, in whole or in part, in the United States. Regardless of where you live, you consent to have your personal data transferred, processed, and stored in the United States, and to allow Company to collect your personal information in accordance with this Policy.

Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It

We collect several types of information from and about users of our Site, including information:


by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address or telephone number ("personal information");

that is about you but does not identify you, such as dates you are available to tour a Holiday community, and information that you submit via the "Cost of Living Calculator"; and/or

about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Site and usage details.




If you are applying for a job at our Company on this Site, personal information may include your resume, education level, college major, job title, current employment information, and salary information. If you are selected for an interview, additional information may be requested in writing, which will not be covered by this Policy.

We collect this information:


Directly from you when you provide it to us.

Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses and information collected through cookies.

From third parties, for example, our business partners.




Information You Provide to Us.

The information we collect on or through our Site may include:


Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Site. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Site, posting material to a Forum (as defined in the
Terms of Use
), applying for a job, or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our Site.

Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you
contact us
.

Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.

Your search queries on the Site.




You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, "posted") on public areas of the Site, or transmitted to other users of the Site or third parties (collectively, "User Contributions"). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Site with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.

Usage Details, IP Addresses And Cookies.

As you navigate through and interact with our Site, we may automatically collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns, including:


Details of your visits to our Site, including traffic data, geographic location data, logs and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Site.

Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system and browser type.




The information we collect automatically is statistical data, and does not identify any individual. We use Google Analytics to measure and understand our users engagement on the Site. It helps us to improve our Site and to deliver a better and more personalized service by enabling us to:


Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.

Store information about your geographic location, preferences, allowing us to customize our Site according to your individual interests.

Speed up your searches.

Recognize you when you return to our Site.




The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:



Cookies (or browser cookies).
A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Site.


Flash Cookies.
Certain features of our Site may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on our Site. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. Examples include but are not limited to ad retargeting, Google remarketing by participating in AdSense, and Bing re-messaging by participating in AdCenter. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see
Choices about How We Use and Disclose Your Information
below.


Web Beacons.
Pages of our the Website [and our e-mails] may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).




We do not collect personal information automatically, but we may tie this information to personal information about you that we collect from other sources or you provide to us.

Links to Other Sites

This Site links to other websites (e.x. the non-profit causes that are part of our Community Giving program) that are not owned or controlled by Company. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personal information.

How We Use Your Information

We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:


To present our Site and its contents to you.

To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us.

To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.

To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.

To notify you about changes to our Site or any products or services we offer or provide though it.

To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Site.

To process your job application to our Company.

In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.

For any other purpose with your consent.




We may also use your information to contact you about our own and third-parties' goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please un-check the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data and "opt-out" of receiving such communications (
the "Contact Us" form
). For more information, see
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.

We may use the information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers' target audiences. Even though we do not disclose your personal information for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria.

Disclosure of Your Information

We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.

We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this Policy:


To our subsidiaries and affiliates.

To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business.

To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Harvest Management Sub TRS Corp.'s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Harvest Management Sub TRS Corp. about our Site users is among the assets transferred.

To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. (For example, if you give us an e-mail address to use the "e-mail a friend" feature of our Site, we will transmit the contents of that e-mail and your e-mail address to the recipients.)

For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.

With your consent.




We may also disclose your personal information:


To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.

To enforce or apply our
Terms of Use
and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.

If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Harvest Management Sub TRS Corp., our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.




Employee Applications

With respect to job applications, we will hold your application information (and the personal information contained in it) on file for a limited period of time, whether or not you are offered an interview. We, and our contractors or service providers, may collect, save process and use your personal information for the purpose of considering your application for employment for a limited period of time (not exceeding two years after submission of any modification to your application). At any time you may revoke consent with effect from the date such revocation is notified to us pursuant to the
Contact Us
form, or at 1-800-322-0999, except that personal information may be retained for longer than the above two years if required by law.

Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information

We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:



Tracking Technologies and Advertising.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe's website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.


Promotional Offers from the Company.
If you do not wish to have your e-mail address or other personal information used by the Company to promote our own or third parties' products or services, you can opt-out by unchecking the box next to the statement "Yes! I would like to receive email from Holiday Retirement." If we have sent you a promotional e-mail, follow the link in the e-mail message that says "If you do not wish to receive e-mails from us in the future, click the link to unsubscribe," to be omitted from future e-mail distributions.




We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("
NAI
") on the NAI's website.

Accessing and Correcting Your Information

You may also send us an e-mail at
info@holidaytouch.com
to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.

If you delete your User Contributions from the Site, copies of your User Contributions may remain view-able in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other Site users. Proper access and use of information provided on the Site, including User Contributions, is governed by our
Terms of Use
.

Data Security

The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the Site like message boards. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Site.

Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Site. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Site.

Children Under the Age of 13

Our Site is not intended for children under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Site or on or through any of its features on the Site, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Site or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us via the
Contact Us
form, or at 1-800-322-0999.

Changes to Our Privacy Policy

We reserve the right to alter, modify, update, add to, subtract from or otherwise change this Policy at any time, which will become effective as of posting on the Site. We will use your personal information in a manner consistent with the Policy in effect at the time you submitted the information, unless we receive your consent to the new or revised Policy. The date the Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable e-mail address for you, and for periodically visiting our Site and this Policy to check for any changes.

Contact Information

To ask questions or comment about this Policy and our privacy practices, contact us via the
Contact Us
form, or at 1-800-322-0999.

© 2013 Harvest Management Sub LLC. All Rights Reserved.




Privacy Policy








Our Communities


United States


Alabama

Arizona

Arkansas

California

Colorado

Connecticut

Florida

Georgia


Hawaii

Idaho

Illinois

Indiana

Iowa

Kansas

Kentucky

Louisiana


Maine

Massachusetts

Michigan

Minnesota

Mississippi

Missouri

Montana

Nebraska


Nevada

New Hampshire

New Jersey

New Mexico

New York

North Carolina

Ohio

Oklahoma


Oregon

Pennsylvania

South Carolina

South Dakota

Tennessee

Texas

Utah

Virginia


Washington

Wisconsin

Wyoming





























About the Site


1-800-322-0999




Home



Careers



Contact Us



AL Notice of Privacy Practices



Privacy Policy



Site Map



Telephone Contact Policy



Terms of Use







© 2017 Harvest Management Sub LLC





Click to Close

Click to Expand







