
Employee Spotlight | Holiday Retirement






























Menu



1-800-322-0999










Find a Community











1-800-322-0999



Get in Touch





Search







Senior Living



Independent Senior Living



Assisted Living



Alzheimers and Memory Care





Our Communities



Life at Holiday



Activities and Events



Event Calendar



Inside the Kitchen



Community Connection



Resident Spotlight



Holiday Moments



Bedtime Stories



Holiday's Commitment to Veterans



Volunteers



Video Gallery





Retirement Guide



Senior Living Options



Transition Tips for A Loved One



Transition Tips for Yourself



Retirement Cost of Living Calculator



Financial Options



Planning a Visit



Misconceptions of Senior Living



Tough Conversations



Senior Living Articles



Partnerships





About Us



Who is Holiday



Leadership Team



Employee Spotlight



Careers



Press Room



Corporate Giving



Senior Living Awards



Suppliers



Get in touch








Home

About Us

Employee Spotlight







Employee Spotlight









2017 rewind: Your favorite Employee Spotlights


We’re revisiting the most-read employee stories we shared in 2017. Discover why our staff loves the work they do.



Read five of the top 2017 stories.











Associate perspectives: Why I love serving seniors


Holiday Retirement team members from around the country share why their communities feel like a home away from home.



See why we’re more than a team.











Celebrating special bonds between Holiday employees and residents


Our residents and employees spend a lot of time together, and they often form special friendships as a result. We’re sharing some of those stories with you.



Meet some of our favorite duos!











Enrichment Coordinators find purpose working with residents


Everything Enrichment Coordinators do, they do to bring joy and purpose to residents, but they’ll all tell you what they give is often nothing compared to what they receive.



Here’s why they love their jobs.











Holiday Retirement team members share advice for caregivers


Did mom or dad recently move into a senior living community? And now you’re wondering how to be there for them during this transition? We’ve gathered up tips on how to show your support and create new memories as a family.



Get advice from our experts.











Our Employees Love Working with Seniors


Holiday Retirement team members all have one thing in common, they love working with our residents! We spoke with some dedicated community bus drivers to find out why.



See why our employees are happy.











Veterans Day: Celebrating Holiday Retirement team members who served


We’re proud to say that many former service men and women have found careers with Holiday Retirement. We’re fortunate to have these talented, passionate individuals as part of our family. Here, we take a moment to highlight a few of them.



Meet some veterans from the Holiday family.











Holiday Retirement communities take pumpkin recipes to the next level


It’s fall, and that can only mean one thing: pumpkins. Everywhere. But that doesn’t mean you have to have the same old pie as every other year.



See how we’re celebrating the seasonal staple.











Holiday Retirement team members join in on the football season fun


Sports bring communities together. Check out how one Holiday Retirement community made a tradition of cheering on the New England Patriots.



See how they made the big game a day of big fun.











Residents a key ingredient to happiness for long-tenured team members


Holiday Retirement communities are enriched every day by our dedicated team members. Here, we check-in with some of our longest-tenured employees to see why they love the work they do.



Find out what makes Holiday careers so rewarding.











Community staff share their residents' favorite activities


Bean bag baseball, outings and awards ceremonies keep our residents as busy as they want to be. Take a look at the wild activities residents love the most at three Holiday Retirement communities.



Join the fun today.











Home cookin': how our chefs infuse local flavor for residents


Do you have a favorite local cuisine you can’t live without? For many Holiday Retirement residents, the culinary comforts of home are essential to senior living life. See how chefs from three communities incorporate local flavors and tastes into their menus!



Dig in to local flavors.











Mother and son team up at Holiday Retirement’s Pinecrest


When a mother and son come together at Holiday Retirement’s Pinecrest, they are unstoppable!



Learn why they like tackling the day by each other’s side.











An associate's perspective: Why I love serving seniors

The residents at Holiday Retirement have made history. That’s why they’re such a special group of people to serve.


See why our associates love working with all their "grandparents."











Chef Tony


Chef Tony has always gone above and beyond to put healthy, delicious food on the plates of residents at
Astor House at Springbrook Oaks
in Newberg, Oregon.



Learn more about Chef Tony











Khalilah Landing


Montara Meadows
server nominated for Carnegie Award



Read what our residents have to say!











Karen Whittingstall


Spring Oaks enrichment coordinator receives Human Kindness Award.



Read her caring and inspiring story!











KC Trammel


KC Trammel from
Kamlu Retirement
Inn is nominated for the 2016 Argentum Hero Awards!



Learn more about KC.











Joyce Fowlkes


We are so proud of Joyce Fowlkes for winning a 2015 Hero Award from the Assisted Living Federation of America.



Read more.











Corry in the News


We at Holiday Retirement are so proud of our employee, Corry R., and we want the world to know.



Read more about Corry.










About Us



Who is Holiday



Leadership Team



Employee Spotlight



Careers



Press Room



Corporate Giving



Get in touch








Our Communities


United States


Alabama

Arizona

Arkansas

California

Colorado

Connecticut

Florida

Georgia


Hawaii

Idaho

Illinois

Indiana

Iowa

Kansas

Kentucky

Louisiana


Maine

Massachusetts

Michigan

Minnesota

Mississippi

Missouri

Montana

Nebraska


Nevada

New Hampshire

New Jersey

New Mexico

New York

North Carolina

Ohio

Oklahoma


Oregon

Pennsylvania

South Carolina

South Dakota

Tennessee

Texas

Utah

Virginia


Washington

Wisconsin

Wyoming





























About the Site


1-800-322-0999




Home



Careers



Contact Us



AL Notice of Privacy Practices



Privacy Policy



Site Map



Telephone Contact Policy



Terms of Use







© 2017 Harvest Management Sub LLC





Click to Close

Click to Expand







