
Who is Holiday?






























Menu



1-800-322-0999










Find a Community











1-800-322-0999



Get in Touch





Search







Senior Living



Independent Senior Living



Assisted Living



Alzheimers and Memory Care





Our Communities



Life at Holiday



Activities and Events



Event Calendar



Inside the Kitchen



Community Connection



Resident Spotlight



Holiday Moments



Bedtime Stories



Holiday's Commitment to Veterans



Volunteers



Video Gallery





Retirement Guide



Senior Living Options



Transition Tips for A Loved One



Transition Tips for Yourself



Retirement Cost of Living Calculator



Financial Options



Planning a Visit



Misconceptions of Senior Living



Tough Conversations



Senior Living Articles



Partnerships





About Us



Who is Holiday



Leadership Team



Employee Spotlight



Careers



Press Room



Corporate Giving



Senior Living Awards



Suppliers



Get in touch








Home

About Us

Who is Holiday







Who is Holiday

A pioneer then, a leader now

When Holiday Retirement was founded in 1971, it set out to create an independent living lifestyle unlike anything seniors had ever experienced before: cheerful communities filled with friendly, accepting neighbors, attentive staff dedicated to the happiness and well-being of each resident, innovative activities and programs for fun and personal growth, and all the chores and details of daily life taken care of.

The Holiday Touch

There’s just something very special about life at Holiday that makes it unlike any other place on earth. It’s the warm, accepting community of neighbors who feel more like family. It’s the devoted staff who see this as more of a calling than a job, providing unrivaled service, compassion and care. And it’s the unique feeling of being right where you belong, a feeling of being at home. We call it The Holiday Touch, and it’s what makes life at Holiday Retirement so special.

And making Holiday Retirement even more revolutionary is having all of the many benefits available in one affordable, all-inclusive monthly rent. No hidden costs. No long-term commitments. Holiday residents are free to focus on living the life they’ve always wanted. And isn’t that what retirement should be?

Our Mission

We are in the business of providing security, comfort and value to seniors seeking an active and fulfilling lifestyle. We provide The Holiday Touch.

Our History

Holiday Retirement was founded by William E. Colson, often recognized as the father of Independent Retirement Living, with his father Hugh Colson in 1971. At the time, William was operating Colson & Colson construction, specializing in building high-level care facilities for seniors – referred to as “nursing homes”. William and his father realized that while seniors were benefiting from the quality care they received in these facilities, they could be benefiting even more from a nurturing, community environment that met seniors’ other needs: social, physical, educational and spiritual, at an affordable, all-inclusive monthly rate. They opened their first independent retirement community in Vancouver, Washington in 1971. Today there are more than 260 Holiday Retirement senior living communities across the United States, and tens of thousands of seniors are enjoying the one-of-a-kind lifestyle only Holiday can provide. Although we have grown in size, we remain true to the core values instilled by William E. Colson, and are as committed now as he was then to improving the lives of seniors.

1971


William E. Colson and his father Hugh Colson found Holiday Management Company. First community,
Kamlu Retirement
Inn-Vancouver opens in Vancouver, Wash. on Nov. 1.




1977


Edgewood Downs
in Beaverton, Oregon opens on June 1 and is Holiday Management Company’s second community.


1985


Harrison Regent in Ogden, Utah opens on July 1, 1985 and begins Holiday Management Company’s expansion east. The company’s first nine communities were exclusively located in the western region of the U.S. (Washington, Oregon, California, and Idaho). Communities are also opened in Colorado (Pueblo and Colorado Springs), and Texas (Amarillo).


1987


Holiday Management Company changes name to Holiday Retirement Corp. and opens first Canadian community, The Victorian in Victoria, British Columbia, on August 1, 1987.


1988-2009


Holiday Retirement adds at least two communities to the portfolio every year.


1998-1999


Holiday Retirement experiences record growth by adding 44 total communities.


2007


William E. Colson sells Holiday Retirement to Fortress Investment Group LLC of New York. Colson passes away from colon cancer on May 20, 2007.

Seniors serving Seniors program wins “Most Innovative” program award by the International Council on Active Aging (ICAA).


2009


Holiday Retirement makes $82,500 donation to American Cancer Society.


2010


Three seniors win free rent for life through Holiday Retirement’s national Swing into Spring promotion.


2011


Holiday Retirement donates $1.2 million to
Outward Bound for Veterans
and $61,000 contribution to
Outward Bound Canada
, Veterans Program in March. Holiday Retirement adds first community since 2009, acquiring The Chateau in McKinney, Texas on July 1.


2012


Holiday's headquarters relocates from Salem, Oregon to Lake Oswego, Oregon on April 16, 2012. Holiday Retirement acquires three Independent Living communities.


2013


Holiday expands its management of assisted living and memory care communities.


2014


Holiday Retirement website named best senior living website by SeniorHomes.

Holiday Retirement’s e-book “
100 years of wisdom
”, a survey on the perspective of centenarians, is published and is subsequently awarded a Bronze Anvil Award in 2015.


2015


"
Bedtime Stories
", a children's book written and illustrated by residents and associates of Holiday Retirement communities is published.


2016


Lilly Donohue joins the Holiday Retirement team as CEO.


2017


Corporate Office transitions from Lake Oswego, Oregon to Winter Park, Florida.

Dr. Bill Thomas joins the Holiday Retirement team as Chief Wellness Officer.


Carefree senior living

Ready to discover what Life at Holiday is really like?
Find a community and start today
!




About Us



Who is Holiday



Leadership Team



Employee Spotlight



Careers



Press Room



Corporate Giving



Get in touch








Our Communities


United States


Alabama

Arizona

Arkansas

California

Colorado

Connecticut

Florida

Georgia


Hawaii

Idaho

Illinois

Indiana

Iowa

Kansas

Kentucky

Louisiana


Maine

Massachusetts

Michigan

Minnesota

Mississippi

Missouri

Montana

Nebraska


Nevada

New Hampshire

New Jersey

New Mexico

New York

North Carolina

Ohio

Oklahoma


Oregon

Pennsylvania

South Carolina

South Dakota

Tennessee

Texas

Utah

Virginia


Washington

Wisconsin

Wyoming





























About the Site


1-800-322-0999




Home



Careers



Contact Us



AL Notice of Privacy Practices



Privacy Policy



Site Map



Telephone Contact Policy



Terms of Use







© 2017 Harvest Management Sub LLC





Click to Close

Click to Expand







