
Four Senior Living Transition Tips for A Loved One | Holiday Retirement






























Menu



1-800-322-0999










Find a Community











1-800-322-0999



Get in Touch





Search







Senior Living



Independent Senior Living



Assisted Living



Alzheimers and Memory Care





Our Communities



Life at Holiday



Activities and Events



Event Calendar



Inside the Kitchen



Community Connection



Resident Spotlight



Holiday Moments



Bedtime Stories



Holiday's Commitment to Veterans



Volunteers



Video Gallery





Retirement Guide



Senior Living Options



Transition Tips for A Loved One



Transition Tips for Yourself



Retirement Cost of Living Calculator



Financial Options



Planning a Visit



Misconceptions of Senior Living



Tough Conversations



Senior Living Articles



Partnerships





About Us



Who is Holiday



Leadership Team



Employee Spotlight



Careers



Press Room



Corporate Giving



Senior Living Awards



Suppliers



Get in touch








Home

Retirement Guide

Transition Tips for A Loved One







Transition Tips for A Loved One

4 Tips for helping a loved one transition to senior living

Make the move to retirement living a smooth one with these expert tips:

Is your loved one thinking about the next chapter of his or her life? Great! After all, the first step to ensuring the transition to retirement living goes smoothly is to be prepared.

Of course, there’s still a lot to think about when it comes to choosing an Independent Living community. To help you ensure your loved one makes the right decision, we’ve put together these four step-by-step tips:

Don't wait - start talking now.

It’s never too soon to start the conversation. If your parent or loved one hasn’t brought it up yet, maybe it’s time you raise the subject – you might be surprised that they’re thinking about it already. In fact, according to a recent study from the AARP, more than half of “baby boomer” women over age 45 had already begun thinking about their own retirement living needs* – even though many of these women were still far from retirement age.

Trying to start the conversation with your parent, but aren’t sure how they’ll react? Consider talking with others in the family for support and insight, especially any family members that have already moved to retirement living.

Whatever you do, remember that moving to an independent living community is a decision your loved one needs to make for him or herself – and it can take time to reach the right choice.

*“Are Americans Talking with Their Parents About Independent Living: A 2007 Study Among Boomer Women,” (AARP, 2007)

Be patient and positive

You want what’s best for your loved ones – but what’s best in retirement is dependent on their needs, not yours. Remember to be patient and listen to their wants, needs and feelings about retirement. Be warm and enthusiastic about their options, and let them determine what retirement lifestyle suits them best – after all, they’re the ones who’ll be living there!




Instead of…




Try…



"I don’t think you’ll be safe there."



"Have you asked about safety precautions onsite?”



"You can’t afford to live there!"



"Let’s work out a budget to help us decide."



"I don’t want you to move so far away."



"I’m concerned about how often we’d be able to visit."





By keeping a positive outlook – and empowering your loved ones to research and make their own decisions – you’ll help them feel more comfortable with their choices


Plan for the future

Before your loved one makes a decision, ask questions about the community’s ability to deal with the changing needs of its residents. What happens if your loved one’s needs change? You don’t have to have all the answers, but by considering future scenarios, you can help your family better prepare today.

Financial planning is also key to your loved one’s happiness in retirement. Not only should you support your loved one in determining their budget and making smart money decisions now, but you should also consider whether your loved one will need financial help from you – and how much you can afford.

If you will be part of the financial picture for your loved one, talk openly and often about who will pay for what, and make sure all parties are comfortable with the arrangement. By discussing the specifics now, you’ll avoid any tension or miscommunication over the topic later

Seek support

Transitioning can be a big change for children and loved ones, too! If you need support, don’t be afraid to reach out to friends or loved ones who have gone through this experience before, or consider joining a support group. If you get overwhelmed, stop, breathe and remember: you’re doing the best you can – and you’re doing it because you care.

Ready to help your loved one take the next step? Holiday Retirement is here to help. Take a look at some of our other resources in our Retirement 101 section, or contact us for help in finding the right community for your needs





Retirement Guide



Senior Living Options



Transition Tips for A Loved One



Transition Tips for Yourself



Retirement Cost of Living Calculator



Financial Options



Planning a Visit



Senior Living Articles



Partnerships



Glossary of Terms








Our Communities


United States


Alabama

Arizona

Arkansas

California

Colorado

Connecticut

Florida

Georgia


Hawaii

Idaho

Illinois

Indiana

Iowa

Kansas

Kentucky

Louisiana


Maine

Massachusetts

Michigan

Minnesota

Mississippi

Missouri

Montana

Nebraska


Nevada

New Hampshire

New Jersey

New Mexico

New York

North Carolina

Ohio

Oklahoma


Oregon

Pennsylvania

South Carolina

South Dakota

Tennessee

Texas

Utah

Virginia


Washington

Wisconsin

Wyoming





























About the Site


1-800-322-0999




Home



Careers



Contact Us



AL Notice of Privacy Practices



Privacy Policy



Site Map



Telephone Contact Policy



Terms of Use







© 2017 Harvest Management Sub LLC





Click to Close

Click to Expand







