
Meet the Leadership Team | Holiday Retirement






























Menu



1-800-322-0999










Find a Community











1-800-322-0999



Get in Touch





Search







Senior Living



Independent Senior Living



Assisted Living



Alzheimers and Memory Care





Our Communities



Life at Holiday



Activities and Events



Event Calendar



Inside the Kitchen



Community Connection



Resident Spotlight



Holiday Moments



Bedtime Stories



Holiday's Commitment to Veterans



Volunteers



Video Gallery





Retirement Guide



Senior Living Options



Transition Tips for A Loved One



Transition Tips for Yourself



Retirement Cost of Living Calculator



Financial Options



Planning a Visit



Misconceptions of Senior Living



Tough Conversations



Senior Living Articles



Partnerships





About Us



Who is Holiday



Leadership Team



Employee Spotlight



Careers



Press Room



Corporate Giving



Senior Living Awards



Suppliers



Get in touch








Home

About Us

Leadership Team







Leadership Team



Lilly
                    Donohue, 
                    Chief Executive Officer




Lilly Donohue joined as chief executive officer in January 2016. Prior to joining Holiday, Lilly spent five years building the leading private senior living and home care business (Xingbao/Starcastle) in Shanghai China for Fortress Investment. Before moving to China in August 2011, Lilly worked at Fortress Investment Group for eighteen years, most recently as managing director and member of the management committee. Prior to Fortress, Lilly was employed by UBS where she focused on structured finance and the commercial loan business. She started her career at BlackRock Financial Management Inc. in 1992 where she was involved in all facets of raising capital, investing and managing BlackRock Asset Investors, a private equity fund.
Lilly received a bachelor of science in business administration from Boston University. Lilly serves on the Dean’s Advisory Board of The Questrom School (formerly known as Boston University School of Management).



Mark
                    Prince, 
                    Chief Operating Officer




Mark Prince is chief operating officer, and oversees the ongoing business operations across Holiday’s communities nationwide. Mark joined Holiday Retirement in 2010 as managing director of the Midwest district. Since joining the company, he held several leadership roles of increasing responsibility as district vice president of operations and senior vice president of operations before being named COO.
Before joining Holiday, Mark worked at White Lodging, a hotel development and management company, for 20 years. He participated on several committees with Marriott International during that time. He then served as president and principal of Pluris Management Group, an organization that developed, owned and managed multifamily apartments, office space and retail.
Mark is an active member of Remember the Children, an organization focused to helping orphan children in Romania.  He is a former board member of Junior Achievement of Central Indiana and Indianapolis Downtown Inc. Mark is a veteran of the U.S. Air Force, serving a total of nine years of active and reserve duty.




Chris
                    Bouchard, 
                    Chief Legal Officer




Chris Bouchard is our chief legal officer and is responsible for driving our legal strategy and managing the day-to-day operations of the legal team.
Chris has extensive experience in providing counsel to organizations on corporate and transactional matters, such as corporate finance, mergers and acquisitions, restructurings and general corporate governance. Prior to joining Holiday, Chris was an associate with the Los Angeles office of the law firm of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP from 2003 to 2013.
Chris graduated from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill as a Morehead Scholar with a bachelor of arts in religious studies and a minor in physics. He received his juris doctor degree from Columbia Law School at Columbia University.



Tyler
                    Nelson, 
                    Chief Financial Officer




Tyler Nelson is chief financial officer and is responsible for the company’s fiscal and fiduciary activities and leads the financial organization.
Prior to being named to this position, Tyler held several financial positions of increasing responsibility at Holiday Retirement including vice president of finance, vice president and controller, and most recently, as senior vice president of asset management and finance.
Prior to joining Holiday, he was an auditor with KPMG and focused on the high tech, multifamily, higher education and banking sectors.
Tyler is a licensed CPA, and graduated from Azusa Pacific University with a Bachelor of Arts degree in accounting.



Rob
                    Conti, 
                    Chief Technology Officer




Rob Conti is chief technology officer who oversees the company’s technology operations and is responsible for introducing and implementing state-of-the-art technologies, architectures and infrastructure solutions that align with the company’s goals.
Before joining Holiday, Rob worked at Hard Rock International for 18 years, most recently as vice president of IT. Prior to Hard Rock, Rob served as information services manager at Planet Hollywood International, and earlier in his career he managed restaurant operations and finance for The Walt Disney Company.
Rob is a member of the Hospitality Technology Next Generation, a global non-profit that fosters partnerships among hoteliers and technology providers, and the International Food and Beverage Technology Association.




Karen
                    Sheean, 
                    Senior Vice President, Human Resources




Karen Sheean is senior vice president of human resources for Holiday Retirement. In this role, Karen provides senior level HR counsel to the company and oversees HR operations including employee relations, benefits, recruitment and learning and development.
Before being named to this position, Karen served as Holiday’s director of learning & development. Prior to joining Holiday, Karen worked for Knowledge Universe, U.S., a national private education company, for 17 years in a variety of senior leadership roles, most recently as vice president of KinderCare operations services.
Karen graduated cum laude from Ohio University with a bachelor of science degree in education. She recently served as board president for Youth, Rights and Justice in Portland, Oregon.



Rick
                    Wigginton, 
                    Senior Vice President, Sales and Marketing




Rick Wigginton is senior vice president of sales and marketing at Holiday Retirement. He is responsible for leading Holiday’s national sales organization and for generating consumer interest in Holiday, championing the company brand promise and value proposition. He provides guidance to the marketing organization and to the district and regional sales teams with a focus on creating and promoting innovative programs and new services.

Before joining Holiday, Rick served as senior vice president of sales, marketing and creative at Atria Senior Living, Inc., where he led the sales and marketing teams. He started his employment with Atria in 2005, and was promoted to numerous management and leadership positions during his twelve years with Atria. Prior to Atria, Rick worked at Integrated Medical Systems and at Key Communications Services, a healthcare solutions company.
Wigginton has a master’s degree from Southern Baptist Theological Seminary in Louisville, Kentucky, and a bachelor’s degree in music from Campbellsville University in Campbellsville, Kentucky.



Dr. Bill
                    Thomas, 
                    Chief Wellness Officer




Dr. Bill Thomas serves as our chief wellness officer, innovating Holiday's enrichment program to consistently improve our residents’ quality of life. Dr. Thomas is focused on wellness, wellbeing and new opportunities to better serve older adults at Holiday communities.
Dr. Thomas is a world-renowned authority on geriatric medicine. He is also the founder of The Eden Alternative, an international non-profit dedicated to creating quality of life for seniors and their care partners. As a pioneer of successful aging, Dr. Thomas has worked in the medical field for more than 30 years. Dr. Thomas graduated from Harvard Medical School, where he was a founding editor of Murmurs, a quarterly journal of opinion. He went on to graduate medical training in the Highland Hospital/University of Rochester Family Medicine Residency, where Dr. Thomas was selected by the Mead Johnson Foundation as one of the top family medicine residents in the country.






About Us



Who is Holiday



Leadership Team



Employee Spotlight



Careers



Press Room



Corporate Giving



Get in touch








Our Communities


United States


Alabama

Arizona

Arkansas

California

Colorado

Connecticut

Florida

Georgia


Hawaii

Idaho

Illinois

Indiana

Iowa

Kansas

Kentucky

Louisiana


Maine

Massachusetts

Michigan

Minnesota

Mississippi

Missouri

Montana

Nebraska


Nevada

New Hampshire

New Jersey

New Mexico

New York

North Carolina

Ohio

Oklahoma


Oregon

Pennsylvania

South Carolina

South Dakota

Tennessee

Texas

Utah

Virginia


Washington

Wisconsin

Wyoming





























About the Site


1-800-322-0999




Home



Careers



Contact Us



AL Notice of Privacy Practices



Privacy Policy



Site Map



Telephone Contact Policy



Terms of Use







© 2017 Harvest Management Sub LLC





Click to Close

Click to Expand







