

Top Myths About Senior Living | Retirement Guide | Holiday Retirement



































Menu



1-800-322-0999










Find a Community














1-800-322-0999


Get in Touch





Senior Living



Independent Senior Living



Assisted Living



Alzheimers and Memory Care





Our Communities



Life at Holiday



Activities and Events



Event Calendar



Inside the Kitchen



Community Connection



Resident Spotlight



Holiday Moments



Bedtime Stories



Holiday's Commitment to Veterans



Volunteers



Video Gallery





Retirement Guide



Senior Living Options



Transition Tips for A Loved One



Transition Tips for Yourself



Retirement Cost of Living Calculator



Financial Options



Planning a Visit



Misconceptions of Senior Living



Tough Conversations



Senior Living Articles



Partnerships





About Us



Who is Holiday



Leadership Team



Employee Spotlight



Careers



Press Room



Corporate Giving



Senior Living Awards



Suppliers



Get in touch











Overcoming Misconceptions

Sifting through the facts and myths for the truth about senior living







Overcoming Misconceptions free eBook


Download this free printable e-book and learn about the major misconceptions of senior living.













Yes! I'd like to download the free e-book.



















The majority of baby boomers – two-thirds – said they would be likely to move an aging loved one to a senior living community, according to a recent survey commissioned by Holiday Retirement. These baby boomers cited several factors as highly or somewhat influential when considering senior living as an option for a loved one, including these three:


He/she has fallen at home and needs more around-the-clock supervision: 46%

He/she is no longer eating well: 39%

He/she is unable to keep up with his/her house/yard work: 36%


However, a potential move isn’t without its concerns. Here are some resources to avoid misconceptions and concerns about senior living.


Overcoming misconceptions: 7 concerns about senior living to erase from your mind

With every move comes concerns and apprehension, whether moving out of your parents’ house for the first time, or to a brand new city for a new career opportunity. And it’s no different for seniors moving to a retirement community. In this free

e-book
, Holiday Retirement explores
the top seven concerns
expressed by baby boomers, explains common misconceptions, and offers tips to calm fears.


►
Download the printable e-book.


Put your loved ones at ease: 5 tips to alleviate their concerns during a move to a retirement community

Are you looking into senior living options for your parents or senior loved ones? Keep them involved in the entire experience, from researching senior living communities, to choosing the perfect place to call home, to making the most of moving day, to have a much more gratifying experience. This
checklist

explains how.

►Download the printable checklist.


Five myths about senior living that shouldn’t send you running

Some of the most common myths about senior living communities are used to formulate opinions about these senior living options.
Read on  to learn about five myths
– and their truths – when it comes to retirement living.

►Read on to learn more about these five myths.


Concerned about the costs of senior care and retirement living? Visit
www.HolidayTouch.com/why-move
to weigh the benefits of staying at home or moving to a retirement community.



Ease your loved one’s concerns with these 5 tips:



Tip #1 Involve your aging loved one in the process of researching senior living communities

Going through the process of finding the right senior living community is similar to house hunting. It can be emotional, and should always actively involve the people who will call this new community home.


Tip #2 Make your loved one’s new place feel like home.

Can you picture your dad’s favorite arm chair in the living room? How about your mom’s beloved framed pictures in the dining room? When helping your loved one move into a retirement community, bring these cherished mementos to make the new place feel like home.


Tip #3 Find out what matters most to your aging loved one in a new home.

Everyone has things they can’t live without. Ask your loved one about his or her “deal breakers.” Does your loved one have to be on the first floor? Is having an extra bedroom for visitors a high priority? Keep these wants and needs in mind when researching and touring retirement communities.


Tip #4 Be an active participant when searching for retirement communities.

Making the decision to move is not one to be taken lightly. Your ongoing support and active participation in the process can ease your loved one’s apprehension.


Tip #5 Talk positively about the move with your loved one.

Moving into a retirement community is an emotional experience that may leave your loved one feeling anxious. It’s important to speak positively about the moving process and remind your loved one of the benefits the retirement community will offer.

►Download the printable version of this checklist.







Our Communities


United States


Alabama

Arizona

Arkansas

California

Colorado

Connecticut

Florida

Georgia


Hawaii

Idaho

Illinois

Indiana

Iowa

Kansas

Kentucky

Louisiana


Maine

Massachusetts

Michigan

Minnesota

Mississippi

Missouri

Montana

Nebraska


Nevada

New Hampshire

New Jersey

New Mexico

New York

North Carolina

Ohio

Oklahoma


Oregon

Pennsylvania

South Carolina

South Dakota

Tennessee

Texas

Utah

Virginia


Washington

Wisconsin

Wyoming





























About the Site


1-800-322-0999




Home



Careers



Contact Us



AL Notice of Privacy Practices



Privacy Policy



Site Map



Telephone Contact Policy



Terms of Use







© 2017 Harvest Management Sub LLC





Click to Close

Click to Expand








