
Stories from our Communities | Holiday Retirement






























Menu



1-800-322-0999










Find a Community











1-800-322-0999



Get in Touch





Search







Senior Living



Independent Senior Living



Assisted Living



Alzheimers and Memory Care





Our Communities



Life at Holiday



Activities and Events



Event Calendar



Inside the Kitchen



Community Connection



Resident Spotlight



Holiday Moments



Bedtime Stories



Holiday's Commitment to Veterans



Volunteers



Video Gallery





Retirement Guide



Senior Living Options



Transition Tips for A Loved One



Transition Tips for Yourself



Retirement Cost of Living Calculator



Financial Options



Planning a Visit



Misconceptions of Senior Living



Tough Conversations



Senior Living Articles



Partnerships





About Us



Who is Holiday



Leadership Team



Employee Spotlight



Careers



Press Room



Corporate Giving



Senior Living Awards



Suppliers



Get in touch








Home

Life at Holiday

Community Connection







Community Connection









Pets Bring Extra Love


Marie Gorzenski and her canine companion, Sweetie, are living proof that sometimes the best of friends walk on four legs. The fun duo live together in one of our communities.



Get to know Marie and Sweetie!











Our most popular Resident Spotlight stories from 2017


Did you miss any of our most-read Resident Spotlight stories of 2017? Discover the amazing stories of just a few Holiday Retirement residents.



Read the top stories of 2017.











Our most popular Community Connection articles in 2017


We’re wrapping up 2017 with a review of some of our most popular stories from communities — and boy, was it a busy year!



See what we’ve been up to.











Giving back: Holiday Retirement communities get in the spirit of the season


We’re celebrating the holiday season with a few good deeds. Communities around the country are giving back; we caught up with a few of them to find out how.



See how we’re making a difference.











Surprising Thanksgiving traditions from Holiday Retirement


Families across America celebrate Thanksgiving every November. But no two mark the occasion in quite the same way. We asked residents and communities to share their favorite festive traditions.



See our favorite unique traditions.











Niagara Village helps prepare Erie students for the school year


Niagara Village residents set students up for a successful school year at The Mercy Center for Women thanks to the senior living community’s fundraising and donation collecting efforts.



See how they empowered students in Erie, PA.











Holiday Retirement's Fox Run Estates hosts banana split party for SafeHaven


Fox Run Estates came together to serve banana splits — and give back to SafeHaven.



See how they helped local kids get ready to get back to school.











Salute to service: Honoring Holiday Retirement’s female veterans


This Veterans Day, take a few moments to celebrate some of the extraordinary female veterans who call a Holiday Retirement community home.



Meet these heroes.











Creatures, candy and contests brew up Halloween delight


Costume contests are table stakes. Holiday Retirement communities are pulling out all the stops for fun and creative Halloween events.



See how we’re celebrating.











Breast Cancer Awareness Month: Raising funds with Holiday residents


October is Breast Cancer Awareness Month and Holiday Retirement’s Grassland Estates is getting creative and going pink to raise awareness.



See how we’re supporting the cause.











Weathering the storms: Holiday Retirement's prep plan keeps residents safe


Hurricane Harvey and Hurricane Irma swept through Texas and Florida, reminding all of us of the importance of safety and proactive measures in the face of extreme weather. Thankfully, our dedicated and resilient staff ensured impacted communities were able to come through the storms in fine form.



See how we came together during the storms.











How art benefits Holiday Retirement residents and communities alike


Art enriches experiences. See how some a few Holiday Retirement communities have used custom murals to add an extra special touch to their Wall of Honor displays.



See how art enhances shared spaces.











Englewood Estates shares treats with Community First! Village


Englewood Estates residents turned their inspiration into action during a visit to Community First! Village.



See how they gave back to Austin.











Adventure Travel Club: around the world in an afternoon


Visit the Emerald Isle or take a trip back in time to the 1940s! Our Adventure Travel Club is a resident favorite. Explore some of our communities’ most recent adventures and see how residents get a little creative without straying too far from home.



Pack your bags today.











Grandparents Day celebrations: photos, cookies and magic, oh my!


Grandparents Day is the perfect opportunity to make some memories with loved ones. Holiday Retirement communities around the country find creative ways to bring families together.



See how we celebrate Grandparents Day.











Holiday communities help children in need during back-to-school season


The start of a new school year is right around the corner, and the right school supplies are essential to success in the classroom. Discover how three Holiday Retirement communities are doing their part to make sure students have everything they need to ace their classes!



Learn more about their generosity today!











Athletes at any age: residents' advice for staying fit and active


Holiday Retirement residents love staying active and healthy. With a healthy body and mind, there’s nothing our residents can’t do! We talked with three superstar residents who get moving by playing sports and helping others around their communities.



Get moving!











Listen up, class! Former teachers offer students advice


Do you remember your favorite teachers? Were they ones who taught your favorite subject? Or maybe a teacher who gave you advice when you needed it most? We sat down with four former all-star teachers and current Holiday Retirement residents to see what advice they have for today’s students.



Learn from the all-stars.











University Pines residents treated to four-legged therapy session


University Pines residents saddled up to a new friend—a miniature therapy horse that visited the community for a day!



Discover the many benefits of service animals.











Holiday Retirement goes ham for the hamburger


At Holiday Retirement, we celebrate National Grilling Month the best way we know how—with a hamburger party!



Dig in.











Lights, camera, action! Residents share their favorite summer movies


It’s summer blockbuster time! Holiday Retirement residents share the movies they want to watch during a respite from the summer sun.



Lights, camera, action!











Maple Suites residents take a bite out of hunger


Holiday Retirement residents help fight hunger in their communities by hosting year-round food drives.



Read about their efforts.











Holiday Retirement communities say hello to pool season


From water aerobics to beach-themed parties, take a look at the ways Holiday Retirement communities are staying cool during the summer.



Jump right in.











Holiday Retirement residents lend a creative hand to the homeless


Two Holiday Retirement communities offer their skills, creativity and hearts to the less fortunate, helping the homeless in unique ways.



Learn more about their inspiring work.











Hidden Lakes residents remember Fourth of July


Between picnics, family and fireworks, Independence Day celebrations never fall short. This year, residents at Holiday Retirement’s Hidden Lakes shared some favorite Fourth of July traditions.



Hear their stories!











Father’s Day advice from Holiday Retirement residents


Friend, teacher, coach—your father does it all! How does he manage? Residents from Holiday Retirement communities share their secrets to being the best dad in town.



Check out their wise words!











Inspiration abounds in Reno thanks to ChangingAging Tour


Reno-area residents recently joined Dr. Bill Thomas and his ChangingAging Tour to disrupt aging myths and prove that you’re never too old to live an active, fulfilled life.



Read more and get excited about aging!











Dr. Thomas’ ChangingAging Tour rocks downtown Portland


Portland-area residents joined Dr. Bill Thomas and his ChangingAging Tour for two eye-opening performances that blew myths about aging out of the water.



Discover why aging can be active, too!











100-year-old Holiday Retirement resident shares his secret to longevity


Joining the centenarian club is a monumental achievement—and one many Holiday Retirement residents reach each month. Learn how Ellis Meacham from The Bedford made his way to the 100-year mark.



Meet centenarian club member Ellis!











Holiday Retirement honors first responders


This National Police Week, we recognize courageous residents who currently serve or have previously served in law enforcement.



Learn more about their stories!











Age is just a number for these super-active seniors


It takes more than an apple a day to keep the doctor away! Regular exercise helps keep your body healthy and your mind strong, leading to more active and fulfilling retirement years. We're highlighting super-active older adults who serve as inspirations to us all!



Get inspired to get fit!











Mother knows best: Holiday Retirement moms share their life advice


Life is tough, but moms are tougher! Celebrate Mother's Day with some of Holiday Retirement's wisest residents, who share their number one piece of advice for moms and moms-to-be.



Check out their sage advice!











Maple Suites residents discover their inner yogi


Elementary school children rolled out the yoga welcome mat for seniors from Holiday Retirement’s Maple Suites, turning their typical yoga routine on its head for a fun-filled cross-generational yoga class.



Explore this fun, active event!











Residents cultivate food, flowers and friendships in community gardens


Spring is the perfect time to get your hands dirty and join a garden club at a Holiday Retirement community. Here’s how two communities are putting their green thumbs to work.



Read more to see what's blooming!











Spring has sprung in container gardens at Holiday Retirement


Three Holiday Retirement residents and container garden advocates showcase how moving into a retirement community doesn't mean giving up your prized garden. And while container gardens may be simple, there's nothing boring about them.



Read more about these simple gardens!











Holiday Retirement residents boost their health with nutritious meals


Because our nutritional needs change as we age, and a diet that once worked just fine a few years ago may no longer keep you healthy—now is a great time to evaluate your eating habits and bridge any nutrition gaps in your diet.



Check out their transformation!











Nutritious menus help transform Holiday Retirement residents' health


No matter your age, making healthy eating a priority can be easier than you think. Senior living offers a supportive environment to help you achieve health goals and transform your life.



Check out their major weight loss.











Seniors lend a paw to pets in need


Holiday Retirement residents show their gratitude for the ASPCA. Thoughtful seniors have made donating time and supplies to help animals in need a priority.



Read more about their efforts.











Hidden Lakes toasts five "super seniors" over the age of 100


At Holiday Retirement at Hidden Lakes, reaching centenarian status is an event worth celebrating. The senior living community in Salem, Oregon, recently honored five senior residents who have reached their 100th birthday, hosting a party complete with a live piano player, historical trivia games, delicious food and an opportunity for the five seniors to share the wisdom they've gained over the last century of life.



Check out the celebration.











Apple Blossom resident celebrates triple digits


Edith Ryan, an active and social resident of Holiday Retirement at Apple Blossom, has lived a full and happy life. In honor of her 100th birthday, Edith celebrated her special day surrounded by family and friends at her retirement community in Rogers, Arkansas.



Read more to find out her secret to a long and happy life.










Life at Holiday



Activities and Events



Event Calendar



Inside the Kitchen



Community Connection



Resident Spotlight



Holiday Moments



Bedtime Stories



Holiday's Commitment to Veterans



Volunteers



Video Gallery








Our Communities


United States


Alabama

Arizona

Arkansas

California

Colorado

Connecticut

Florida

Georgia


Hawaii

Idaho

Illinois

Indiana

Iowa

Kansas

Kentucky

Louisiana


Maine

Massachusetts

Michigan

Minnesota

Mississippi

Missouri

Montana

Nebraska


Nevada

New Hampshire

New Jersey

New Mexico

New York

North Carolina

Ohio

Oklahoma


Oregon

Pennsylvania

South Carolina

South Dakota

Tennessee

Texas

Utah

Virginia


Washington

Wisconsin

Wyoming





























About the Site


1-800-322-0999




Home



Careers



Contact Us



AL Notice of Privacy Practices



Privacy Policy



Site Map



Telephone Contact Policy



Terms of Use







© 2017 Harvest Management Sub LLC





Click to Close

Click to Expand







