Rio Carnival Tours & Trips - TourRadar
BEST SELECTION & PRICES
BEST SELECTION
BEST PRICES
TRUSTED PAYMENTS
booking tours made
easy
Destinations
Africa
Asia
Australia & NZ
Europe
North America
Latin America
Travel Types
Deals
Log In
Sign Up
Manage Bookings
+41 225 183 195
Contact us
Help Centre
Contact Us
Home
〉
Festival & Events
〉
Rio Carnival
Rio Carnival Tours & Trips
Tours starting from
EUR
€
1049
Brazil
Rio de Janeiro
9-14 February
About
Attracting revellers from across the globe, Rio Carnival is considered by many to be the greatest party on earth and it’s easy to see why. Carnival festivities are absolutely euphoric, giving attendees the chance to let go of their inhibitions and let their true colors shine. People from all over the world come together to dance, sing and party the day and night away in one of the world’s most vibrant cities.
The wild 5-day celebration takes place 40 days before Easter, officially beginning on Friday and ending on Fat Tuesday which marks the beginning of Lent. Even though Carnival is celebrated in cities and villages across Brazil and in other Catholic countries, Rio de Janeiro has long be hailed as the Carnival capital of the world.
History
The root’s of Rio Carnival run deep, incorporating aspects from various cultures. The original festivities date back to ancient Greeks and Romans celebrating the onset of spring. Carnival was originally brought from Europe to Brazil by the Portuguese in 1850. The ball and masquerade rituals were acquired from the French, and other unique elements were derived from Amerindian and African culture.
Music and dance are key components of Carnival. When Carnival originated, music was very european centric, with a heavy emphasis on the Waltz, Polka, and Mazurkas. The beginning of the 20th century brought a much more diverse music scene which primarily emerged from the working class made up of Afro-Brazilians and many other cultures. Today the most prominent music of Carnival is the Samba, originating from the Afro-Brazilians. If you are interested in learning more about the festival’s history, check out the
Rio Carnival website.
Carnival Must Sees and Dos
Street Bands &  Bloco Parties
Bloco street parties are arguably the most exciting part of Carnival. Blocos can be found all over Rio and are organized by various carnival organizations and neighbourhoods—all with their individual flair. At these parties, people walk and dance around the block following floats playing either live or recorded music. Each bloco has a specific theme which you can choose to acknowledge and dress accordingly for if you wish. If you want to party in true Carnival style, make sure you wear a costume and comfortable shoes. Street vendors can be found all around town near the blocos, supplying spirits, beers, soft drinks and delicious Brazilian snacks. The only challenging aspect is deciding which of the numerous blocos to attend! However no matter which bloco you choose, you are bound to have the time of your life. The largest and most prestigious blocos are Cordao do Bola Preta and Banda de Ipanema which are attended by literally tens of thousands of partygoers.
Rio boasts over 300 Carnival street bands that can be heard in every corner of Rio. These bands consist of predominantly brass orchestras that march along planned routes while others stay in place. Where the bands are playing, expect to see hoards of partygoers in costumes, bathing suits or even drag. The most famous Carnival bands are: Cordão do Bola Preta (downtown), Banda de Ipanema (Ipanema),  Sovaco do Cristo (Botanic Garden District) and the Carmelitas (Santa Teresa).
After the sun goes down, most of the blocos end. One of the best places to keep the party going is at Belmonte Bar in Leblon. Here you will find heaps of people gathered around the bar. Oftentimes you can enjoy street artists playing their instruments, keeping the party vibe going strong.
Carnival Samba Parades
Rio has become world famous for its vibrant Samba Parade competitions, held in the Sambodromo stadium in the Santo Cristo suburb. The stadium was custom-built for the primary purpose of hosting Carnival parades, designed by the famous Brazilian architect Oscar Niemeyer. The Samba Schools in the First League are the most spectacular of the parades. Other noteable parades include the Champions’ Parade, Preliminary Parades of the Second League Schools, and the Children’s Samba Schools. Expect the Sambodromo to be packed to capacity with 90,000 spectators, watching wide-eyed as the spectacular parade unfolds on the open air runway. For info on tickets please visit the
Rio Carnival site
.
Carnival Balls
Carnival hosts several balls that are worth attending which run between €130 and €260. One of the most popular is the Gay Ball, attracting a colorful crowd donning outrageous outfits. Rio Scala hosts two fantastic balls: Clube dos Caiçaras and Hard Rock Cafe's Kid's Party.  A very popular ball for the elites is the Magic Ball at Copacabana. If you are interested in attending, be ready to fork out a considerable amount of cash. Those who can afford it may find themselves mingling with Rio’s elite.
Useful Information
How to Get There
Galeão International Airport is Brazil’s largest international airport situated 20km north of the city center. The domestic Santos Dumont Airport by Guanabara Bay is next to the city center offering flights to and from Brazil’s major cities. From the international airport there are many options for getting to the city center including bus, taxi and transfer services.
Bus
- Busses depart every 20 to 30 minutes beginning at 5:30am until 10pm between both airports and the main bus terminal which takes you into the city. The full run takes at least an hour and single tickets cost 6.5R$ (€1.5). Bus lines running to and from the airport include line 2018, 2101, 2145 and 2918. All buses have A/C and luggage storage.
Taxi
- The international airport recommends VIP and regular taxi services on their
website
that depart from terminals 1 and 2. Prices typically run around 99R$ (€25). It is recommended to book a taxi at one of the booths immediately after exiting customs to avoid being scammed.
Transfers
- Direct transfers from the Galeao airport to your hotel can be booked via phone or email in advance through the
airport’s website
. Prices are similar to taxis.
Once in the city, Rio is relatively easy to navigate if you are staying near a metro station. Tickets run around 3R$ to 5R$ (€0.75 to €1.25). There are also many added bus services available during carnival which costs 2.4R$ per journey (€0.60). Better yet, pack some comfy shoes and explore the city by foot.
Where to Stay
It is important to book accommodations for Carnival well in advance as the better accommodation options will sell out fast. The neighborhood around the Sambodromo stadium is not very touristy, so don’t plan your accommodations based on proximity to this event. Instead do some research on which blocos you want to attend, and book accordingly. It is also smart to book near a metro station.
One of the hottest areas to stay at for Carnival is Zona Sul (Southern Rio). This is a modern part of town and directly on the sea. Some of the most popular beaches are located in this neighbourhood including Copacabana, Ipanema and Leblon. You will find Carnival celebrations on literally every corner here.
If you want to be nearby but not directly in the center of Carnival, consider opting for Botafogo or Flamingo neighbourhoods which are located between the city center and Zona Sul. This area is less glamorous but still boasts sea front promenades.
If you are looking for something a bit more upscale, Leblon may be a great option for you and is also in an excellent location.
Last but not least is Lapa neighbourhood. You’ll pay a fraction of the price that you’d pay in Zona Sul while being close to the hottest all-night parties. And since you’ll probably end up here for the late-night parties anyway, your trek home will be a piece of cake!
Essentials
Book flights and accommodation as early as possible
Book events that require tickets well in advance (Samba Parades, Carnival Balls)
Don’t be shy, dance! If you don’t know the samba, no sweat, just move your feet
Get in the spirit and dress in costume
February in Brazil can be scorching, dress accordingly and don’t forget to lather on the sunscreen
Keep your valuables out of sight and leave your fancy jewelry at home
Learn the lyrics to some of Brazil’s most popular Carnival songs
After long days and nights of partying, rejuvenate on Rio’s gorgeous beaches
Tours
Consider joining one of TourRadar’s epic Rio Carnival tours which take care of every last detail for you, from accommodations to getting you to the hottest events, and some hidden gems too.
Rio de Janeiro Carnival ...
6 days

                                                                                            from €892
Rio de Janeiro Carnival ...
6 days

                                                                                            from €1,699
Rio Carnival Standard Pa...
6 days

                                                                                            from €2,028
See all tours

Other Popular Festivals
Mexico Day of the Dead Tours & Trips
Tours starting from
EUR
€
1305
Mexico
Oaxaca
Partake in Mexico’s Day of the Dead (Dia de los Muertos) celebrations for a vibrant cultural experience as Mexico honours those who have passed away. Enjoy the costumes while celebrating the meaning of death and get to know Mexico intimately with a Day of the Dead tour.
Christmas & New Year
Tours starting from
EUR
€
259
Check all the destinations for Christmas and New Year's Eve tours and trips. Find where to go during Christmas holidays 2017 and New Year's Eve 2018. Among the destinations: the magic atmosphere of Europe, the Egyptian beaches and the exciting USA. Search among our vacation and holiday packages and choose your destination.
Oktoberfest Tours & Trips
Tours starting from
EUR
€
45
Germany
Munich
If you love beer than join 6 million of your fellow brew lovers at Oktoberfest, the world’s largest beer festival. Wear the traditional costume and partake in the joyous Bavarian festivities in Munich, Germany. It will be the funniest October of your life!
Save up to 50% on tours! Get exclusive access to members only deals by email.
Subscribe
Thank you for signing up!
You'll receive a welcome email soon.
For Travellers
Win a tour
Enter now!
Why TourRadar
Why Touring
Days to Come - Magazine
Share your review
Travel Insurance
Flights
Referral program
About TourRadar
About
Careers - [We're hiring]
Press
Customer Reviews
Travellers' Choice
Terms & Conditions
Contact
Help
For Operators
List your tours
Log In
I'm a guide
Widgets
Awards
Travellers' Choice
Help
For Partners
Affiliate program
Partnerships
Copyright © TourRadar. All rights reserved.
Legal notice
Top Operators
Trafalgar
Insight Vacations
Monograms
Free & Easy Traveler
Cosmos
Haggis Adventures
Tucan Travel
Shamrocker Adventures
Peregrine
G Adventures
Intrepid
Contiki
Top Destinations
Africa
Asia
Australia/Oceania
Europe
North America
Latin America
Western Europe
South East Asia
Central America
Nordic Scandinavia
South America
Mediterranean
Top Countries
Italy
USA
Japan
Vietnam
Iceland
India
Croatia
China
Scotland
Thailand
Cuba
Australia
Top Regions
Rhine River
Danube River
Amalfi Coast
Tuscany
East Coast USA
West Coast USA
Bali
Greek Islands
Croatian Islands
Australian East Coast
New Zealand South Island
Iceland Ring Road