Insight Vacations - 175 Reviews on TourRadar
BEST SELECTION & PRICES
BEST SELECTION
BEST PRICES
TRUSTED PAYMENTS
booking tours made
easy
Destinations
Africa
Asia
Australia & NZ
Europe
North America
Latin America
Travel Types
Deals
Log In
Sign Up
Manage Bookings
+41 225 183 195
Contact us
Help Centre
Contact Us
JOHN
“Recently my wife and I did an Insight tour (#9) "Majesty of the Rockies" 3/9/2017 - 16/9/2017. 
Our Tour Guide was a charming young man, Ben Hutchinson, who made our travels and tour highlights a wonderful and enjoyable experience. The tour itself was wel...“
Insight Vacations
4.4/5 - Excellent
Headquarters in Toronto, Canada
Ask a question
See all tours
Home
/
Insight Vacations
TOURS
327
AGE RANGE
5-99
RESPONSE RATE
100%
RESPONSE TIME
0-1h
Best price on your Insight Vacations tour
Ask a question
See all tours
Insight Vacations Guides
Reviews
Find Tours
About
Guides
Q&A's
Smaller Group Size for more Personal Service
Premium & Luxury Centrally Located Hotels
More Legroom, More Comfort
More free time at every stay
For more than 35 years Insight Vacations has offered premium guided tours throughout Europe, North America, North Africa, India and Asia. Insight guests can choose from 113 carefully designed travel itineraries which includes a range of Signature Events for a unique ...
For more than 35 years Insight Vacations has offered premium guided tours throughout Europe, North America, North Africa, India and Asia. Insight guests can choose from 113 carefully designed travel itineraries which includes a range of Signature Events for a unique look into the history and culture of each destination. Every tour is specially designed to provide exceptional service combined with first class touring that only Insight can bring to you. Travellers have become more sophisticated over the years and Insight is committed to provide guests with a little “extra” with each tour, featuring the very best each destination has to offer.
Read more
173  Insight Vacations Reviews
Excellent
72%
Good
16%
Average
7%
Rather Poor
2%
Bad
2%
Accommodation
4.5 / 5
Transportation
4.5 / 5
Meals
4 / 5
Value for money
4 / 5
Guide
4.5 / 5
Write a review
BH
Bob
Majesty of the Rockies and Alaska Cruise
1.0
- Bad
Written on November 12, 2017
My wife and I have recently booked our seventh Insight tour for June 2018 on the Majesty of the Rockies tour.  The booking …
Read more
PH
Pam
Country Roads of Italy
5.0
- Excellent
Written on November  2, 2017
Ok, I have to,be up front from the beginning. I didn't think a coach tour would be for me. I'm not too keen on lengthy bus travel and had grave concerns that I …
Read more
TS
Tony
Country Roads of
3.0
- Average
Written on October 30, 2017
My September 2017 trip with Insight Vacations “Country roads of Bavaria, Switzerland & Austria”

 …
Read more
KW
Kathleen
Best of Spain and Portugal
3.0
- Average
Written on October 22, 2017
…visits.  It was a grueling trip and convinced me not to go on another Insight Vacations tour in Europe.
Read more
KW
Kathleen
Indulgence in Eastern Canada (8 destinations)
5.0
- Excellent
Written on October 22, 2017
Great trip.  Loved all the cities visited.  The tour guide Ben Hutchinson made the trip extremely entertaining and complete.  Without his TLC the trip would hav…
Read more
VV
Vinotha
Highlights of Eastern Europe
5.0
- Excellent
Written on October 19, 2017
Our tour director was Brian Ridley-He was  amazing-such a wealth of knowledge,very friendly,flexible and accomodative.Made the tour even more pleasant because o…
Read more
SN
Susan
Majesty of the Rockies
1.0
- Bad
Written on October 13, 2017
Overall the trip experience was excellent. The tour itinerary, excursions, free days, and guide were above excellence. Thank you for this wonderful experience.
DS
Desmond
Majesty of the Rockies and Alaska Cruise
5.0
- Excellent
Written on October 11, 2017
…s an exceptional young man and tour leader. I have now travelled with Insight six times, all tour directors have been outstanding. Ben would rate …
Read more
JS
JOHN
Majesty of the Rockies and Alaska Cruise
5.0
- Excellent
Written on October 10, 2017
Recently my wife and I did an Insight tour (#9) "Majesty of the Rockies" 3/9/2017 - 16/9/2017. 
Our Tour …
Read more
EH
Elizabeth
Majesty of the Rockies and Alaska Cruise
5.0
- Excellent
Written on October 10, 2017
It was better mainly because of Ben Hutchinson.He really was a lot of fun.He did his job very well as well as making all of us laugh.
The hotels were amazing.T…
Read more
Load more Reviews
Insight Vacations Tours
Find your Insight Vacations tour
327 Insight Vacations tours
Select your tour
Check it out
✓
NO BOOKING OR CREDIT CARD FEES
✓
BEST PRICE GUARANTEE
✓
EARN UNLIMITED TRAVEL CREDITS
Europe
209 tours
North America
39 tours
Asia
32 tours
Africa
12 tours
Majesty of the Rockies
14 days
Starts
Vancouver
Ends
Vancouver
€4,699
Country Roads of Scotland
9 days
Starts
Edinburgh
Ends
Glasgow
€2,250
€1,984
-12%
Glories of Greece
7 days
Starts
Athens
Ends
Athens
€1,494
TRAVEL STYLES
Cultural
Festival & Events
Activities
Marine
Nature & Adventure
See all tours
About Insight Vacations
For more than 35 years Insight Vacations has offered premium guided tours throughout Europe, North America, North Africa, India and Asia. Insight guests can choose from 113 carefully designed travel itineraries which includes a range of Signature Events for a unique look into the history and culture of each destination. Every tour is specially designed to provide exceptional service combined with first class touring that only Insight can bring to you. Travellers have become more sophisticated over the years and Insight is committed to provide guests with a little “extra” with each tour, featuring the very best each destination has to offer.
Insight Vacations videos
Introducing Insight Vacations
Ultimate Italy - Luxury Gold
Europe Tours - Insight Vacations
Scandinavia - Insight Vacations
French Connection - Luxury Gold
Show more...
Egypt Tours - Insight Vacations
Iceland: The Ultimate Travel Guide
Discover India
Europe Intro
Insight Signature Hotels in India
Insight Luxury Gold - Ultimate Italy
The real taste of India
Insight Luxury Gold Living like a local
Insight Vacations Travel Styles
The Art of Touring in Style
Journey Beyond the Ordinary
The Magic of Winter Markets
Country Roads of Umbria & Tuscany with Insight Tour Director Francesca Bossi
Russia, Warsaw & the Baltic States with Insight Tour Director Anna Luthi
Harmony of Central Europe with Luxury Gold Travelling Concierge Irina Cerar
Spain & Portugal in Style with Luxury Gold Travelling Concierge Toni Aguilar
Best of Morocco with Insight Tour Director Barrak Abdulwahad
Majestic Switzerland with Luxury Gold Travelling Concierge Carl Eggeling
Easy Pace Italy with Insight Tour Director Belinda Richardson
Luxurious London & Paris with Luxury Gold Travelling Concierge Peter Meahan
Highlights of Spain with Insight Tour Director Jacqueline Pangman
Country Roads of Bavaria, Switzerland & Austria with Insight Tour Director Robert Lintott
Country Roads of Italy with Insight Tour Director Elena Terminello
Highlights of Europe with Insight Tour Director Ruth Ridgway
Northern Capitals & Russia with Insight Tour Director Maja Polansek
Grand Tour of Italy & Sicily with Insight Tour Director Daniele Nannetti
Romantic Britain & Ireland with Insight Tour Director Cherryl Duke
The Great Western American Adventure with Insight Tour Director Todd Geist
Treasures of the Incas with Luxury Gold Travelling Concierge Barbara Ferstl
Glorious Switzerland with Insight Tour Director Martin Malissa
Britain & Ireland Explorer with Insight Tour Director Christina Bader
The Best of Eastern Canada & the USA with Insight Tour Director Roger Grenfell
Classic Mid Atlantic with Insight Tour Director Robin O'Malley
Sicily in Depth with Insight Tour Director Barbara Tagliavento
Elegance of the East Coast with Luxury Gold Travelling Concierge Gary Blender
Natural Wonders of Iceland with Insight Tour Director Snorri Valsonn
Treasures of Turkey with Insight Tour Director Cem Tas
Ultimate Travel Guide: Canada
Company History
With only a handful of staff Insight Vacations was founded in London in 1978.  They quickly proved to be an exceptional tour operator when in 1983 they won “the Queen’s Award for Export Achievement” from Her Majesty, Queen Elizabeth II.  Today, Insight Vacations escorts over 100,000 guests per year and has offices located worldwide.  “The Art of Touring in Style” is Insight’s signature philosophy and continues to be the emphasis when creating unique travel itineraries that focus on exceptional quality to provide unforgettable memories.
Benefits
From the moment you embark on an Insight Vacations tour you’ll know from the get go that you’ll be treated to the ultimate travel holiday.  Insight will deliver the highest standard of service and take you on a memorable journey which will include exploring exceptional sites, engaging in fun filled activities, feasting upon authentic cuisines and relaxing in luxurious accommodations. You’ll feel like a local as we open the door to incredible ‘must-see must- do’ sights and special local experiences. Insight’s premium highlights and unique personal insights are an integral part of your tour and are included in the price of each itinerary.
Other Recognitions
Best in Service Award, AAA Travel Preferred Partner
2014
Tour Operator of the Year, Atout France Tourism
2014
Best Travel & Hospitality in North America, Sitecore Experience Awards
2014
Insight Vacations Guides
Michael Unrath
Exclusive benefits with
Best Selection
Compare 500+ carefully screened operators
Read 60,000+ genuine traveller reviews
Choose between 20,000+ tours
Best Prices
Always pay the best and lowest price
Earn unlimited travel credits with every booking
Never pay credit card or booking fees
Trusted Payments
Book via our secure payment platform
Enjoy flexible payment options
Trusted by thousands of satisfied travellers
Learn More
Insight Vacations Photos
Popular for Insight Vacations
All Insight Vacations tours
(327)
Europe tours
(209)
North America tours
(39)
Asia tours
(32)
Africa tours
(12)
Latin America tours
(8)
Italy tours
(105)
Austria tours
(80)
France tours
(79)
England tours
(77)
Germany tours
(72)
Switzerland tours
(70)
Premium Tour tours
(18)
Insight Luxury Gold Tour tours
(11)
Regional Tour tours
(8)
The Insight Experience
Signature Dining
Insight embraces togetherness and nothing demonstrates this more than sharing a table while enjoying a meal together.  Get to know your fellow travellers and with Insight you’ll enjoy both regional and international cuisine in local and renowned restaurants and hotels. We’ll treat you to cooked breakfasts throughout; new Welcome Dinners with our welcome drinks receptions; new Celebration Dinners; unique Dine-Around evenings; and special Highlight Dinners. It is a festival of delicious dining experiences.
Signature Evenings
After a full day of exploring, Insight travellers can be treated to evening events such as seeing a fiery Flamenco show in Seville or attending a Mozart concert in the stunning Auersperg Palace in Vienna.  Some of the best memories are shared once the sun has set and Insight will be there to ensure guests enjoy a wonderful evening.  Your Tour Director will always be ready to take care of all the evening’s arrangements and the Insight Driver will always be on hand to take you home so there will be no need to worry about a taxi.
Signature Hotels
Where you stay is as important as the destination in itself and Insight Vacations has made their mission to hand selected their accommodations that will satisfy even the most traveled individual.   Quality, service and level of luxury combined with centrally located properties in historic cities or hotels located in scenic surroundings take top priority.  Each property will enhance the travel experience, making your stay a memorable one and the best part is that everything will be taken care of from the moment you arrive.   From check in on arrival to having your luggage delivered quickly to your room, all you need to do is sit back and relax.
How you Travel
Insight Vacations knows the importance of comfort and with group sizes restricted to 40 the full-sized luxury high-deck motor-coaches are specially designed for your comfort and enjoyment. Travelling with fewer people vastly improves your comfort and enjoyment. An average of just 32 guests, and a maximum of 40, makes our tours more intimate, friendly and relaxing. Fewer guests also guarantees a better service. Your expert Tour Director has more time to assist with your personal needs; so you’ll be treated as an individual, not one of a crowd. Extra leg room is provided to allow you to stretch out during your travels and there is an on-board washroom (except in Morocco and Israel) for your convenience.
Questions & Answers
We are there for you! If you have any questions about this operator, then please don't hesitate to contact us 24/7 and we will get back to you latest within 2 hours!
Compare Insight Vacations
vs
Insight Vacations vs Nomadic Tours
vs
Insight Vacations vs PP Travel
vs
Insight Vacations vs Fez Travel
vs
Insight Vacations vs Vodkatrain
vs
Insight Vacations vs MacBackpackers
vs
Insight Vacations vs Thirsty Swagman
vs
Insight Vacations vs Exodus Travels
vs
Insight Vacations vs Oasis Overland
vs
Insight Vacations vs Sundowners Overland
vs
Insight Vacations vs Travel Talk
Save up to 50% on tours! Get exclusive access to members only deals by email.
Subscribe
Thank you for signing up!
You'll receive a welcome email soon.
For Travellers
Win a tour
Enter now!
Why TourRadar
Why Touring
Days to Come - Magazine
Share your review
Travel Insurance
Flights
Referral program
About TourRadar
About
Careers - [We're hiring]
Press
Customer Reviews
Travellers' Choice
Terms & Conditions
Contact
Help
For Operators
List your tours
Log In
I'm a guide
Widgets
Awards
Travellers' Choice
Help
For Partners
Affiliate program
Partnerships
Copyright © TourRadar. All rights reserved.
Legal notice
Top Operators
Trafalgar
Insight Vacations
Monograms
Free & Easy Traveler
Cosmos
Haggis Adventures
Tucan Travel
Shamrocker Adventures
Peregrine
G Adventures
Intrepid
Contiki
Top Destinations
Africa
Asia
Australia/Oceania
Europe
North America
Latin America
Western Europe
South East Asia
Central America
Nordic Scandinavia
South America
Mediterranean
Top Countries
Italy
USA
Japan
Vietnam
Iceland
India
Croatia
China
Scotland
Thailand
Cuba
Australia
Top Regions
Rhine River
Danube River
Amalfi Coast
Tuscany
East Coast USA
West Coast USA
Bali
Greek Islands
Croatian Islands
Australian East Coast
New Zealand South Island
Iceland Ring Road