Anzac Day Tours & Trips - TourRadar
BEST SELECTION & PRICES
BEST SELECTION
BEST PRICES
TRUSTED PAYMENTS
booking tours made
easy
Destinations
Africa
Asia
Australia & NZ
Europe
North America
Latin America
Travel Types
Deals
Log In
Sign Up
Manage Bookings
+41 225 183 195
Contact us
Help Centre
Contact Us
Home
〉
Festival & Events
〉
Anzac Day
Anzac Day Tours & Trips
Tours starting from
EUR
€
135
Turkey
Gallipoli
25 April
What customers say about Anzac Day Tours & Trips
4.5 / 5
Based on 3 reviews
History
Anzac Day takes place on April 25th and marks the anniversary of the first major military action fought by New Zealand and Australian military forces during the Second World War. ANZAC serves as an abbreviation for Australian and New Zealand Army Corps. When Britain declared war in August 1914, Australia became its ally. In 1915 Australian and New Zealand soldiers set out to capture Turkey’s Gallipoli Peninsula to open the Dardanelles waterway to their allied navies. The longer term goal was to eventually capture Istanbul (formerly Constantinople), the capital of the Ottoman Empire, in an attempt to weaken its ally, Germany.
The forces landed boldly on Gallipoli Peninsula on April 25th expecting to quickly knock Turkey out of the war. To their surprise and dismay, they were met with fierce resistance by the Turkish forces and the fighting dragged on for eight long months. By the time the Allied forces were evacuated from the peninsula at the end of 1915, both sides had endured heavy casualties and devastating hardship. Australia and New Zealand lost over 8,000 soldiers during the campaign. Even though the expedition failed, the actions of Australia and New Zealand left a profound legacy known as the “Anzac Legend” which became part of the identity of both nations.
Anzac Day Commemorations
The first commemorations were held on April 25th, 1916 at many ceremonies and marches  across Australia, New Zealand, and even in Egypt and London. During the 1920s, Anzac Day was established as a national day of remembrance for the 60,000 Australians and New Zealanders who died during the war. Many rituals were established in the 1930s which still play an important role in the commemorations today, including dawn vigils, memorial services, reunions, marches and two-up games.
Gallipoli Peninsula Commemorations
While many events take place across Australia and New Zealand to commemorate Anzac Day, the experience of attending Anzac Day at the Gallipoli Peninsula in Turkey where the battles took place is an especially memorable experience—providing attendees a powerful glimpse into the day’s history. The event attracts over 10,000 visitors and takes place in the Gallipoli Campaign Historical Site which is a Turkish national park. There is no ballot registration required for the 2016 event and anyone, regardless of nationality, is welcome to attend.
The Anzac Day Dawn Service is one of the most important Anzac Day events recognized around the world. The Anzac Commemorative Site opens for visitors at 6pm the evening prior on April 24th. Note that all visitors must arrive at the site prior to 1:30am on April 25th and no late arrivals are permitted. It is not possible to reserve seating at the commemoration events and seating is available on a first-come first-served basis. Seating is available on the grass section and in large erected grandstands.
An overnight reflective vigil program begins at 8pm and includes interviews and documentaries about the Gallipoli campaign and musical performances by the Defense Force Band. This program runs until the early hours of April 25th. The Dawn Service takes place at 5:30am on April 25th following the overnight vigil. As dawn breaks, soldiers, families, leaders and visitors honour the thousands of Australians and New Zealanders who fought in the Gallipoli campaign during First World War with music, speeches, and moments of silence.
After the service, attendees must walk 3.1km up the Artillery Track and have the option of attending the Australian Service at Lone Pine Cemetery or the New Zealand service 3.3km uphill at Chunuk Bair. While at the Gallipoli Peninsula you will also have the opportunity to walk through and explore the battlefields, trenches, Anzac Cove and Lone Pine Cemetery.
Useful Information
Registration
While registration is not required, it is highly recommended in order to receive updates on helpful information and tips on what to expect. Click here for the Gallipoli Registration link. Visitors are also advised to read the travel advisories for Turkey prior to departure.
Precautions
Note that the park at Gallipoli Peninsula has no infrastructure for shelter. Furthermore, visitors are outdoors for up to 24 hours including overnight. The days can be hot while the nights can be bitter cold, so it’s important to prepare for all weather conditions. The event can be physically challenging as it requires several kilometres of walking on sometimes uneven gravel paths, slopes and stairs.
How to Get There
The Gallipoli Peninsula is a 5 hour drive from Istanbul. There are no towns in close vicinity of the Anzac Commemorative Site. The nearest towns are Gelibolu (45km), Canakkale (30km) and Eceabat (20km). There is no public transport to and from the peninsula.
The vast majority of visitors attend the commemorations as part of a guided bus tour. While you can take your private vehicle, note that private vehicles are not permitted access to the Gallipoli Campaign Historical Park. Instead private vehicles are directed to the Akbas checkpoint where they will have attendance passes validated and receive entry wrist bands. Turkish authorities may allow parking along local roads behind Akbas, but keep in mind this is at your own risk. Note that it is an approximately 20km walk from Akbas to the next checkpoint at Kabatepe. Furthermore, the path to the sites is along heavily travelled roads that are poorly lit and it is therefore recommended to travel with a tour group to ensure your safety.
In the past a small number of attendees have traveled to the site via taxi. The problem is that there are no public phones or taxi stands to hail a taxi after the services. If you make arrangements for a taxi to wait or to pick you up, it is very likely that they may be stuck in a several hour coach queue before arriving. Yet another good reason to join a tour when travelling to the Anzac Commemorative Site.
Where to Stay
Most people visiting Gallipoli Peninsula for Anzac Day opt to stay in one of the nearby towns of Canakkale, Eceabat or Gelibolu. If you plan on arranging this excursion on your own, you will need to book accommodations very early because tour companies reserve most of the hotel rooms in these three towns well in advance. Another option is to take an overnight excursion from Istanbul, but keep in mind that you’ll be on the road for a good 5 hours or more.


Essentials
Make sure you are in good physical condition to walk up to 10 km
Your passport is required at the first validation checkpoint at Akbas
There are a few Turkish food vendors, but bring some of your own non-perishable food
Be patient—lines can be long at the multiple security screenings points
Pack an overnight bag for the 24 hours you’ll be attending commemoration events
Wear sturdy, comfortable walking shoes
Bring sunscreen and a hat for the daytime
Pack a warm jacket as temperatures can drop to below 0 in the early hours before the Dawn Service
Pack a warm blanket for the overnight vigil
Bring a sealed water bottle as there is no running water on the premises
Get your tour guide’s contact info in case you get separated
Tours
Not only is joining a tour a huge convenience factor, but it also affords you an opportunity to learn about the history and sites of Anzac Day from a true expert.
Anzac Day Tour-10 Days
10 days

                                                                                            from €817
ANZAC Day Memorial Tour
3 days

                                                                                            from €199
Anzac Bonzer - 11 days
11 days

                                                                                            from €1,225
See all tours

Other Popular Festivals
Las Fallas
Tours starting from
EUR
€
120
Spain
Valencia
Las Fallas is one of Spain’s most unique and energetic festivals filled with electrifying spirit, vibrant colours, fire, and plenty of noise and smoke.
Hogmanay Tours & Trips
Tours starting from
EUR
€
216
Scotland
Edinburgh
31 December -
                                 1 January
Want to be part of the most happening New Year’s Eve celebration? Then get yourself on a plane to Edinburgh, Scotland this year to see what all the hype is about.
St. Patrick's Day Tours & Trips
Tours starting from
EUR
€
295
Ireland
Dublin
17-20 March
Green streets, colorful parades, happy Irish people and the finest pints of Guinness you’ve ever drank? There’s no place like Dublin to celebrate Ireland’s pride and joy: St. Patrick’s Day!
Save up to 50% on tours! Get exclusive access to members only deals by email.
Subscribe
Thank you for signing up!
You'll receive a welcome email soon.
For Travellers
Win a tour
Enter now!
Why TourRadar
Why Touring
Days to Come - Magazine
Share your review
Travel Insurance
Flights
Referral program
About TourRadar
About
Careers - [We're hiring]
Press
Customer Reviews
Travellers' Choice
Terms & Conditions
Contact
Help
For Operators
List your tours
Log In
I'm a guide
Widgets
Awards
Travellers' Choice
Help
For Partners
Affiliate program
Partnerships
Copyright © TourRadar. All rights reserved.
Legal notice
Top Operators
Trafalgar
Insight Vacations
Monograms
Free & Easy Traveler
Cosmos
Haggis Adventures
Tucan Travel
Shamrocker Adventures
Peregrine
G Adventures
Intrepid
Contiki
Top Destinations
Africa
Asia
Australia/Oceania
Europe
North America
Latin America
Western Europe
South East Asia
Central America
Nordic Scandinavia
South America
Mediterranean
Top Countries
Italy
USA
Japan
Vietnam
Iceland
India
Croatia
China
Scotland
Thailand
Cuba
Australia
Top Regions
Rhine River
Danube River
Amalfi Coast
Tuscany
East Coast USA
West Coast USA
Bali
Greek Islands
Croatian Islands
Australian East Coast
New Zealand South Island
Iceland Ring Road