Tucan Travel - 247 Reviews on TourRadar
BEST SELECTION & PRICES
BEST SELECTION
BEST PRICES
TRUSTED PAYMENTS
booking tours made
easy
Destinations
Africa
Asia
Australia & NZ
Europe
North America
Latin America
Travel Types
Deals
Log In
Sign Up
Manage Bookings
+41 225 183 195
Contact us
Help Centre
Contact Us
Sasi
“The tour is one of my lifetime's best experience. It was great and definitely worth it. Our guide was so nice and warm towards us. She went an extra mile to give that personal friend touch to us. The transportations were the best inclusive of 2 domestic fl...“
Tucan Travel
4.1/5 - Excellent
Headquarters in London, England
Ask a question
See all tours
Home
/
Tucan Travel
TOURS
246
AGE RANGE
18-65
RESPONSE RATE
100%
RESPONSE TIME
0-1h
Best price on your Tucan Travel tour
Ask a question
See all tours
Awards & Recognitions
Tucan Travel Guides
Reviews
Find Tours
About
Recognitions
Guides
Q&A's
Authentic travel experiences
60% of travellers are solo passengers
Established for 30 years
Travelling with like minded people
Tucan Travel is an adventure tour company which offers group travel across the world. Originally starting in 1987, they were one of the first South American tour companies, with the company name taken from the well known South American bird, the Tucan. Tucan Travel ...
Tucan Travel is an adventure tour company which offers group travel across the world. Originally starting in 1987, they were one of the first South American tour companies, with the company name taken from the well known South American bird, the Tucan. Tucan Travel offers different different types of travel, their own custom built trucks for overland trips, and guaranteed departures on certain dates. It is this combination of factors, as well as being started by some adventurous people, that allows travelers a deeper understanding of the world, and gives those travelers an opportunity to see and experience places outside of the norm.
Read more
240  Tucan Travel Reviews
Excellent
58%
Good
25%
Average
10%
Rather Poor
5%
Bad
2%
Accommodation
4 / 5
Transportation
4 / 5
Meals
4 / 5
Value for money
4 / 5
Guide
4.5 / 5
Write a review
KR
Kenneth
4.5
- Excellent
Written on November 30, 2017
The South American Encompassed tour was a great way to see a ton of different places and sights across a huge swath of the continent.  We had a fairly small gro…
Read more
Tucan Travel commented on this review
HI Kenneth, we are so pleased you joined us in South America! We hope to see you on another adventure in the future!
TD
Trisha
India to Nepal
2.0
- Rather poor
Written on November 29, 2017
It was a strange start, joining an already formed group, who had been through the desert together for 2 weeks. We were with that group for 3 days and then it sp…
Read more
Tucan Travel commented on this review
Hi Trisha thank you for leaving feedback on your tour in India and Nepal. We are pleased that you enjoyed the overall itinerary.  Our tours are of a modular nature with smaller tours making up larger tours. This means you will often have people joining and leaving the tour at different points, which is great way to meet different fellow travellers. We are sorry that you did not feel the accommodation was adequate. The accommodation used is listed under each day on our website and due to some of the remote destinations we visit we cannot guarantee hot water or air-conditioning. Our hotels are generally chosen for their location to the main sights rather than their star-rating. We take safety on our tours extremely seriously and we are investigating your complaints about the transport used but we recommend emailing feedback@tucantravel.com with more information about your tour.
AR
Anita
Scenic Granada
4.5
- Excellent
Written on November 27, 2017
In my opinion this is a very varied trip which ranges from colonial cities to small islands via Mayan ruins. Our guide Maria was extremely good and very friendl…
Read more
Tucan Travel commented on this review
Hi Anita, thank you so much for your review and we are so pleased you joined us in Central America. Our tours here cover vast distances and sometimes take a little longer to get from A to B. We hope to see you on another adventure in the future!
TL
Tobias
Transylvania Tale
4.0
- Good
Written on November 21, 2017
The Transylvania Tale tour was fantastic. The destinations were all wonderful and the group was great (although it helped that it was a small group of only 6 pe…
Read more
Tucan Travel commented on this review
Hi Tobias, we are so happy you joined us on the Transylvania Tour! It has so many beautiful and diverse destinations. We hope to see you on another Tucan Travel tour in the future!
PC
Prue
South America Highlights
4.0
- Good
Written on November 20, 2017
Had a great experience travelling with Tucan Tours through South America, tour was well organised and our tour guid…
Read more
Tucan Travel commented on this review
Hi Prue, thanks so much for your extensive feedback and great advice. We are pleased that you enjoyed your time in South America and hope to see you on another adventure in the future!
Jodie
South East Asia Loop
2.5
- Average
Written on November 16, 2017
SE Asia is amazing however this tour route & the amount of days/nights that are used for travel does not do these countries justice.  Expect long van, bus, boat…
Read more
Tucan Travel commented on this review
Hi Jodie, we are really sorry that your tour didn't meet your expectations. Our South East Asia Loop tour is a budget trip, through some of the most popular sites in South East Asia and because of the poor transport connections, it can sometimes take a while to travel from A to B. We like to think of this as part of the adventure. The accommodation we use varies from region to region and is chosen for its location to the main sites. We are sorry that you did not feel the Tour Leader gave you enough information however we describe our tour leaders as just that. They aren't guides but are able to get you from A to B, providing you with a little extra information about the area. We have passed on your comments to our customer service team who will be in touch.
CC
Chris
Jewels of Sri Lanka
4.0
- Good
Written on November 16, 2017
This 2 week trip thru Sri Lanka was great ! A real mixture of culture, countryside and adventure. From hiking, temples & shrines, beaches, white water rafting, …
Read more
Tucan Travel commented on this review
Hi Chris, Thanks for your fantastic review! Sri Lanka is one of our most popular destinations. We will be sure to pass on your lovely comments to Amara's manager. We hope to see you on another adventure in the future!
KP
Karina
Colombia Express
5.0
- Excellent
Written on November 10, 2017
This was an excellent tour, especially for the value. We stayed at amazing hotels, got a lot of stuff packed into each day, and had great choices with our free …
Read more
Tucan Travel commented on this review
Hi Karina, Thank you for your feedback! We are pleased you enjoyed your adventure in Colombia and we hope to see you on another adventure soon!
MC
Matthew
Colombia Express
5.0
- Excellent
Written on November  5, 2017
…you just want to take a break and nap when you need a rest. Thank you Tucan for an incredible experience.
Read more
Tucan Travel commented on this review
Hi Matthew, thank you so much for your fantastic feedback. Colombia is a wonderful country and we are so pleased you loved it too. We look forward to seeing you on another adventure!
SK
Sasi
Buenos Aires to Rio Express
4.0
- Good
Written on November  2, 2017
…y and last but not least a city with so much of history - Rio. 

If Tucan is thinking about room for improvements, specifically for this trip, I…
Read more
Tucan Travel commented on this review
Hi Sasi
Thank you so much for your wonderful review! We are so pleased you joined us in South America and we hope that you join us on another adventure in the future.
Load more Reviews
Tucan Travel Tours
Find your Tucan Travel tour
246 Tucan Travel tours
Select your tour
Check it out
✓
NO BOOKING OR CREDIT CARD FEES
✓
BEST PRICE GUARANTEE
✓
EARN UNLIMITED TRAVEL CREDITS
Latin America
104 tours
Africa
44 tours
Asia
41 tours
Europe
26 tours
South East Asia Loop
29 days
Starts
Bangkok
Ends
Bangkok
€1,413
Wat's Up Cambodia?
8 days
Starts
Bangkok
Ends
Ho Chi Minh City
€409
Jewels of Sri Lanka
15 days
Starts
Negombo
Ends
Negombo
€1,979
€1,736
-12%
TRAVEL STYLES
Nature & Adventure
Festival & Events
Cultural
Independent
Activities
See all tours
About Tucan Travel
Tucan Travel is an adventure tour company which offers group travel across the world. Originally starting in 1987, they were one of the first South American tour companies, with the company name taken from the well known South American bird, the Tucan. Tucan Travel offers different different types of travel, their own custom built trucks for overland trips, and guaranteed departures on certain dates. It is this combination of factors, as well as being started by some adventurous people, that allows travelers a deeper understanding of the world, and gives those travelers an opportunity to see and experience places outside of the norm.
Tucan Travel videos
The Road to Rio Carnival Day 3
The Road to Rio Carnival Day 1
The Road to Rio Carnival Day 2
The Road to Rio Carnival Day 4
The Road to Rio Carnival Day 5
Show more...
Main Page Video
Cusco, Lima
Machu Picchu
On The Road with Tucan Travel, Africa
Iceland: The Ultimate Travel Guide
Borneo Adventure
Lake Titicaca
The Amazon Jungle from Peru
Sri Lanka
Antarctica
Japan: The Ultimate Travel Guide
Ultimate Travel Guide: Canada
Colombia Encompassed
Why Tucan Travel?
Travel Experience
Tucan Travel have the experience and the variety of tours to accommodate travellers from all over the globe. By offering different styles of travel, as well as a great balance between quality and value, Tucan Travel are famous for the trips they take their travelers on.
Modular, Flexible Itineraries
Their modular itineraries mean that there is flexibility for doing all or part of the tours, and the trips are run by their expert tour leaders, with all the local knowledge to make your trip memorable.
Tucan Travel Benefits
Over 4000 Guaranteed Departures
Tucan Travel offers guaranteed departures, meaning that the trip will definitely go ahead on the date that it is scheduled to. These guaranteed departures will never be cancelled for lack of participation, and all guaranteed departures will run unless there is a natural disaster, operational issue or other similar event that is beyond Tucan Travels power. Tucan Travel has listened to their customers, and that is why they have made the guaranteed departures so important. They understand that the guaranteed departures mean that there is more confidence when booking a tour, and so they offer over 4000 guaranteed departures across a variety of tours.
Group Travel
Tucan Travel has a huge range of group tours meaning you can see the world with other like-minded people. Over 60% of bookings are solo passengers, and they do not offer a compulsory single supplement on the majority of these group tours. Many trips include excursions to the region's highlights, however there is also some free time built in for people who want their own flexibility when exploring destinations.
Custom Trucks on Overland Tours
On overland tours in Africa and in some parts of South America, Tucan Travel’s range of overland trucks have been custom-built to get passengers from A to B comfortably. They cover vast distances and are ideal for passengers wanting to see regions where public transport cannot access. All trucks include plenty of storage, power sockets, front-facing seats and even a games and book library.
Awards & Recognitions
WINNER
Tour of the Year 2012 South American
Other Recognitions
WINNER - Best Escorted Experience Tours Operator
British Travel Awards 2012
BRONZE -  Best Small Escorted Adventure Holiday Company
British Travel Awards 2014
Tucan Travel Guides
Jen Anderson
Erik Jelinek
Leah Wardle
Exclusive benefits with
Best Selection
Compare 500+ carefully screened operators
Read 60,000+ genuine traveller reviews
Choose between 20,000+ tours
Best Prices
Always pay the best and lowest price
Earn unlimited travel credits with every booking
Never pay credit card or booking fees
Trusted Payments
Book via our secure payment platform
Enjoy flexible payment options
Trusted by thousands of satisfied travellers
Learn More
Tucan Travel Photos
Popular for Tucan Travel
All Tucan Travel tours
(246)
Latin America tours
(104)
Africa tours
(44)
Asia tours
(41)
Europe tours
(26)
North America tours
(12)
Peru tours
(54)
Argentina tours
(35)
Bolivia tours
(33)
Chile tours
(24)
Thailand tours
(23)
Kenya tours
(23)
Adventure Tours tours
(82)
Budget Expeditions (18-35s) tours
(36)
Overland Tours tours
(24)
Tucan Travel Story & History
Established in 1987 as one of the first ever South America adventure tour companies, Tucan Travel are experts in adventure travel. They now operate group tours in Latin America, Africa, Asia, Europe and Antarctica with over 400 itineraries online.

Passengers who book with Tucan Travel can be confident that the itinerary has been designed with adventure travel in mind. Whether they are travelling on public transport or onboard their custom overland trucks, each tour is committed in offering passengers a genuine travel experience.
Questions & Answers
Here we have collected and answered the most frequently asked questions.
Search
What transport will be used?
Tucan Travel’s tours use a variety of transport. On most of their tours you will be using a combination of different public transport styles. This includes public buses, trains, overnight transport, tuk-tuks and taxis. Please be aware that as you will be taking public transport, then the baggage you bring must be easily able to carry whilst travelling.
On Africa tours and some South America tours you will be travelling on their custom-built overland trucks. They feature forward facing coach seats, safety belts, and plenty of leg room. The trucks are equipped with powerful engines and long range fuel tanks as well as ample storage and power sockets .
What is the best way to carry money while on the tour?
In most destinations (except for Europe and Cuba), all currency should be in US dollars. ATMs are the easiest way to withdraw money BUT you should never rely solely on them and always have a back-up of cash. Tucan Travel recommend travellers to bring as much US dollars cash (in small denomination bills with no rips, writing or other damage) or euro cash (depending on the destination) as you feel comfortable carrying.
Are meals included on the tour?
Meals vary from itinerary to itinerary. In many cases breakfasts are included, as well as meals whilst camping, such as on the Inca Trek. On tours that do not have meals included, Tucan Travel’s tour leaders will be able to recommend local restaurants for clients who want to try the region’s cuisine on their adventure.
How about the crime rate in each destinations?
Please read the travel safety notices issued by your government, purchase comprehensive travel insurance and take heed of your tour leader's advice when you arrive.
When will the travellers meet the tour leader?
On most group tours the tour leader will be at the joining hotel and will hold a pre-departure meeting in the late afternoon/early evening of day 1. On some shorter trips, you will not meet your tour leader until day 2, as these trips are parts of longer adventure travel tours.
Does Tucan Travel offer airport transfers?
In most cities, Tucan Travel offer arrival transfer services which can be booked for an additional charge. It is also easy to take a taxi to the joining hotel. Most airports have reliable pre-paid fixed priced taxi booths in the arrivals terminal. Please enquire if you would like to know if the tour you are interested in has a transfer included.
What things do I need to bring?
It depends entirely on each destination, the season and the activites you'll participate in. Some tours require sleeping bags, comfortable, hardy, waterproof shoes and waterproof clothing for outdoor activities, e.g. trekking. Bring long, light clothing for hot destinations and countries where you'll encounter conservative attitudes to dress.
What kind of luggage is recommended?
Tucan Travel recommends that travellers bring a soft frameless backpack or sports type bag. Wheeled luggage and suitcases are not recommended on Tucan Travel’s tours as these are not suitable for storage on the trucks or public transport. Travellers will need to carry their own luggage and should make sure to bring a comfortable bag that is light enough to carry. For tours travelling on our expedition or if you are travelling on a tour with internal flights, the luggage should not exceed 20 kilograms.
When is the arrival and departure on the tour?
Day 1 of all our group tours is simply a joining day and the last day is the official departure day so travellers can arrive/depart at any time on these days. In general the tour departs early on day 2 and returns in the afternoon/evening of the second to last day. Day 1 of our Expedition Cruises is often the departure day, unless it is packaged with pre cruise accommodation.
Why is a local payment required?
For travellers on the Adventures for 20s and 30s Tour, a local payment to the tour leader on day 1 in US dollars is required. In the rare event that there is a short fall in the local payment, travellers will be required to make an extra contribution.
Load more Questions & Answers
Ask a question
Compare Tucan Travel
vs
Tucan Travel vs Trek America
vs
Tucan Travel vs Contiki
vs
Tucan Travel vs On The Go Tours
vs
Tucan Travel vs Absolute Africa
vs
Tucan Travel vs Oasis Overland
vs
Tucan Travel vs Topdeck
vs
Tucan Travel vs Acacia Adventure Holidays
vs
Tucan Travel vs Shamrocker Adventures
vs
Tucan Travel vs Intrepid Travel
vs
Tucan Travel vs Busabout
Save up to 50% on tours! Get exclusive access to members only deals by email.
Subscribe
Thank you for signing up!
You'll receive a welcome email soon.
For Travellers
Win a tour
Enter now!
Why TourRadar
Why Touring
Days to Come - Magazine
Share your review
Travel Insurance
Flights
Referral program
About TourRadar
About
Careers - [We're hiring]
Press
Customer Reviews
Travellers' Choice
Terms & Conditions
Contact
Help
For Operators
List your tours
Log In
I'm a guide
Widgets
Awards
Travellers' Choice
Help
For Partners
Affiliate program
Partnerships
Copyright © TourRadar. All rights reserved.
Legal notice
Top Operators
Trafalgar
Insight Vacations
Monograms
Free & Easy Traveler
Cosmos
Haggis Adventures
Tucan Travel
Shamrocker Adventures
Peregrine
G Adventures
Intrepid
Contiki
Top Destinations
Africa
Asia
Australia/Oceania
Europe
North America
Latin America
Western Europe
South East Asia
Central America
Nordic Scandinavia
South America
Mediterranean
Top Countries
Italy
USA
Japan
Vietnam
Iceland
India
Croatia
China
Scotland
Thailand
Cuba
Australia
Top Regions
Rhine River
Danube River
Amalfi Coast
Tuscany
East Coast USA
West Coast USA
Bali
Greek Islands
Croatian Islands
Australian East Coast
New Zealand South Island
Iceland Ring Road