The 10 Best Oktoberfest Tours & Trips for 2017 - TourRadar
BEST SELECTION & PRICES
BEST SELECTION
BEST PRICES
TRUSTED PAYMENTS
booking tours made
easy
Destinations
Africa
Asia
Australia & NZ
Europe
North America
Latin America
Travel Types
Deals
Log In
Sign Up
Manage Bookings
+41 225 183 195
Contact us
Help Centre
Contact Us
Home
〉
Festival & Events
〉
Oktoberfest
Oktoberfest Tours & Trips
Tours starting from
EUR
€
45
Germany
Munich
What customers say about Oktoberfest Tours & Trips
4.5 / 5
Based on 95 reviews
About
Oktoberfest is the world’s largest beer festival, drawing over 6 million people a year to Munich, Germany for the Bavarian beer-drinking festivities. The grand event takes place at the famous “Theresienwiese” field where large tents are constructed over a three month period that begins in the summer.
Oktoberfest dates back to the marriage celebration of Prince Ludwig to Princess Therese in 1810. On this special day, the people of Munich were invited to participate in the celebration which was held for five days on the fields in front of the city gates. What may have started as an average alcohol-fueled wedding party has since turned into the world’s largest fair. From that day on, the festivities have continued more or less on an annual basis (outside of the 24 times it was canceled due to war and cholera).
"What may have started as an average alcohol-fueled wedding party has since turned into the world’s largest fair."
Over the decades, the festival has evolved into an elaborate affair spanning from late September to early October.

Oktoberfest Must Sees and Dos
All About the Tents
Entry into Oktoberfest is free! You may enter both the festival and tents free of charge (with the exception of the “Historical Wies’n” which requires a small fee). Oktoberfest showcases 14 spectacular tents with 1,000 - 8,500 seats which are owned by various restaurants, breweries and other establishments. There are also a number of smaller tents and beer gardens in the vicinity.
All tents are unique and have their own charm, so if you have the time, we recommend trying to check them all out! The tents serve Bavarian beers, traditional eats, and are booming with live music throughout the day and night. Music performances are comprised of a mix of both traditional Bavarian music and contemporary bands playing later in the evenings.
While it’s possible to visit all of the tents, the issue is whether or not you can get a seat, especially on weekends and during bad weather. Although tents do offer reservations, they can be next to impossible to get. Reservations are typically given to large German companies and groups, and the tents always serve their existing customers from previous years first.
The remaining requests are put on a daunting waiting list; nonetheless, it’s still worth a shot! If you’re travelling in a small group of 2 or 3, you can patiently wait until someone leaves, and then quickly grab their table. And if it’s a pretty crowded day, you’ll be better off remaining at the table instead of venturing off to another tent where you’ll likely meet another long wait. Note that tents will be closed if they become too full, and will be re-opened later when more space is available. For a map and details on the fourteen tents, check out
Oktoberfest’s Tent Guide
with photos and descriptions of each tent.
Beer & Other Beverages
The Oktoberfest beer is by far the event’s most popular attraction. Large one liter beers are served in traditional German “Maß” mugs. The Club of Munich Brewers maintains strict regulations on exactly which brands of beer can be served at the festival. There are currently only 6 breweries whose beer meets the criteria. In doing so they must adhere to the Bavarian Purity Laws established for beer brewing in 1487 and the beers must be brewed within Munich city limits. Check out more details on the
breweries here
.
At the 2015 festival alone, a whopping 7.7 million liters of beer were consumed. A typical beer costs between €9.70 and €10.10 and is sold in the tents between the hours of 10 a.m. to 10:30 p.m. during the weekdays and between 9 a.m. and 10:30 p.m. on Saturdays, Sundays and holidays. Many companies hand out beer tokens which can be redeemed for beers and purchased from tent owners directly. For more details on the beer, including which tents serve your favorite beers, visit Oktoberfest’s
‘It’s all About the Beer’ Guide
.
Not a beer drinker but still want to party with all of your beer-guzzling pals? No need to worry! All of the tents offer wine, and some are now offering trendy ciders. If you’re a wine connoisseur, be sure so check out the
Kufflers Weinzelt
wine tent.
Bavarian Eats
While the Oktoberfest beer is the primary attraction, the Bavarian eats come in close second and taste even more divine after a beer or two. Various Bavarian specialties are served in the tents such as roasted chicken (Hendl), sausages (Wurst), white sausage (Weisswurst), pretzels (Brezeln), pork knuckle (Schweinshaxe), potatoes (Kartoffeln), cheese egg noodles (Spätzle), sauerkraut, and a fancy traditional cheese spread (Obatzda).
Attire
Embrace the Bavarian culture by sporting your very own Bavarian outfit! Having the right outfit for the festival is key. The Tracht (attire) consists of the male Lederhosen and the female Dirndl. Lederhosen are leather breeches which are either knee length or shorter and can be worn with or without suspenders. A Dirndl is a traditional dress which consists of a bodice, blouse, full skirt and apron.
The colors are typically rich and dark. Something very important for all ladies to know is how to tie your Dirndl. Traditionally, the placement of the knot on the apron indicates a woman’s marital status. A knot tied to the right of the apron means a woman is married or engaged. The most interesting one is the one the left, which means SINGLE. If you dawn this left tied knot be prepared to hear a whole new slew of  potentially lame pickup lines!
Useful information
How to Get There
Munich has a large airport with connecting flights around the world. From the airport you can take a quick tram ride into Munich’s main station (Hauptbahnhof) at the city center. Getting to the festival from the city center is easy as it’s located quite close. From Hauptbahnhof  you can take the u-bahn/metro one stop to Theresienwiese. The festival can also be reached easily by foot from Hauptbahnhof (ask anyone for directions toward the “wiese,” or simply follow the herds of people in lederhosen and dirndls). Taxis are a convenient option, especially when it’s raining. Ask to be dropped off at the main entrance or ‘Hippodrom’ if you want to start on the north-end, and ask to be dropped off at ‘Bavaria’ if you want to start on the south-end.
When heading in for the night, follow the masses back to the U-Bahn station. The Theresienwiese, Schwanthaler Höhe and Goetheplatz are the closest stations to the festival. Taxis are a good way to travel if it’s raining.
Where to Stay
You should book accommodations as far in advance as possible, preferably by May. By summertime, many hotels are fully booked. As Oktoberfest approaches, room prices can triple. Since getting a taxi can be difficult during Oktoberfest, it is advisable to book accommodations within walking distance of the festival if possible. There are many hotels around the central Hauptbahnhof metro station which are within walking distance of the festival.
Many people prefer to camp at Oktoberfest. Not only is this cheaper, but it’s also a lot of fun. Most campsites have easy access to the festival via foot or u-bahn.
If you want to discover other Oktoberfest parties around the world, check out
our article about them
.
Photos courtesy of
Digital Cat
,
Polybert49
and
Jono Haysom
.

Essentials
Invest in a traditional Lederhosen or Dirndl!
If you’re traveling with a group, designate a meet up spot in case you get separated
Bring plenty of cash as only a few tents accept cards
Tip your server
Pace yourself in order to make it to the prime-time evening festivities
Learn some of the popular Oktoberfest songs so you can sing along (Ein Prosit, Viva Colonia, Ein Prosit, Sweet Home Alabama…)
Don’t bring valuables
Wear closed toed shoes
Don’t try to steal a Maß, security guards will likely catch you (purchase one instead)
While daytime temperatures are pleasant, you will want a jacket for your trek home
Learn some useful German words: Mug of beer = Maß, Thank you = Danke, Please & You’re Welcome = Bitte, Cheers = Prost!
Tours
Travelling to Oktoberfest alone can be daunting. If you don’t have a ticket beforehand, you will likely be waiting in a long queue beginning in the wee morning hours.
Perhaps instead you should consider visiting the biggest public festival in Europe with a bunch of like-minded travellers from all over the world by joining a group tour.
Oktoberfest (3 nights)
4 days

                                                                                            from €175
Oktoberfest Package 3-St...
3 days

                                                                                            from €873
Oktoberfest (2 nights)
3 days

                                                                                            from €117
See all tours

Other Popular Festivals
Stuttgart Beer Festival Tours & Trips
Tours starting from
EUR
€
695
Germany
Stuttgart
While attracting over 4 million beer lovers, the majority of Stuttgart Beer Festival (also called Cannstatter Volksfest) attendees are local Germans - differently than Munich Oktoberfest - making for a truly authentic funfair experience.
Las Fallas
Tours starting from
EUR
€
120
Spain
Valencia
Las Fallas is one of Spain’s most unique and energetic festivals filled with electrifying spirit, vibrant colours, fire, and plenty of noise and smoke.
Hogmanay Tours & Trips
Tours starting from
EUR
€
216
Scotland
Edinburgh
31 December -
                                 1 January
Want to be part of the most happening New Year’s Eve celebration? Then get yourself on a plane to Edinburgh, Scotland this year to see what all the hype is about.
Save up to 50% on tours! Get exclusive access to members only deals by email.
Subscribe
Thank you for signing up!
You'll receive a welcome email soon.
For Travellers
Win a tour
Enter now!
Why TourRadar
Why Touring
Days to Come - Magazine
Share your review
Travel Insurance
Flights
Referral program
About TourRadar
About
Careers - [We're hiring]
Press
Customer Reviews
Travellers' Choice
Terms & Conditions
Contact
Help
For Operators
List your tours
Log In
I'm a guide
Widgets
Awards
Travellers' Choice
Help
For Partners
Affiliate program
Partnerships
Copyright © TourRadar. All rights reserved.
Legal notice
Top Operators
Trafalgar
Insight Vacations
Monograms
Free & Easy Traveler
Cosmos
Haggis Adventures
Tucan Travel
Shamrocker Adventures
Peregrine
G Adventures
Intrepid
Contiki
Top Destinations
Africa
Asia
Australia/Oceania
Europe
North America
Latin America
Western Europe
South East Asia
Central America
Nordic Scandinavia
South America
Mediterranean
Top Countries
Italy
USA
Japan
Vietnam
Iceland
India
Croatia
China
Scotland
Thailand
Cuba
Australia
Top Regions
Rhine River
Danube River
Amalfi Coast
Tuscany
East Coast USA
West Coast USA
Bali
Greek Islands
Croatian Islands
Australian East Coast
New Zealand South Island
Iceland Ring Road