



















Website Terms of Use | Small Luxury Hotels of the World | slh.com























Join
invited
, our free loyalty programme, to unlock exclusive rates and benefits.
JOIN TODAY


Close notifications






By continuing your visit to the site you accept the use of cookies in order to make visit statistics.
Read more

OK






SLH LOGO





Call us 24/7
0800 740 173





Menu




Join INVITED

Sign in

Manage My Bookings

€ EUR



Pounds
[GBP]

Australian Dollars
[AUD]

Canadian Dollars
[CAD]

Chinese Yuan
[CNY]

Euro
[EUR]

Yen
[JPY]

Singapore Dollars
[SGD]

CHF Swiss Francs
[CHF]

Dollars
[USD]








Destinations



Experiences



Offers



Journal



Invited




Overview



Benefits



FAQs



Join Invited



Already an
INVITED
member?
Sign In










Search for hotel:


Where







Destinations



{{ destination.plainName}}
{{destination.hotelsFound}} {{destination.resultText }}
{{ destination.plainName }}





Hotels



{{hotel.name}}









When



Check in




Check Out

Check out








Adults

1 Adult

2 Adults

3 Adults

4 Adults

5 Adults

6 Adults



Search





Close




CLOSE



Join Invited

Already an
INVITED
member?
Sign In


Destinations



Select a destination

Main menu





Europe



Asia



Americas



Caribbean



Indian Ocean



Middle East



Australasia



Africa





Europe



All of Europe

Armenia

Austria

Belgium

Bulgaria

Channel Islands

Croatia

Cyprus

Czech Republic

Denmark

Estonia

Finland

France

Germany

Greece

Iceland

Ireland

Italy

Latvia

Lithuania

Malta

Monaco

Netherlands

Norway

Portugal

Slovenia

Spain

Sweden

Switzerland

Turkey

United Kingdom



Asia



All of Asia

Cambodia

China

India

Indonesia

Japan

Laos

Malaysia

Mongolia

Philippines

Singapore

South Korea

Taiwan

Thailand

Vietnam



Americas



All of Americas

Argentina

Belize

Brazil

Canada

Colombia

Costa Rica

Ecuador

Guatemala

Honduras

Mexico

Nicaragua

Panama

Peru

USA



Caribbean



All of Caribbean

Anguilla

Antigua

Bahamas

Barbados

Bonaire

British Virgin Islands

Cuba

Dominican Republic

Grenada

Jamaica

Martinique

Puerto Rico

St Barthélemy

St Kitts & Nevis

St. Vincent & The Grenadines

Turks & Caicos



Indian Ocean



All of Indian Ocean

Maldives

Mauritius

Sri Lanka



Middle East



All of Middle East

Israel

Lebanon

Saudi Arabia

United Arab Emirates



Australasia



All of Australasia

Australia

Cook Islands

Fiji

French Polynesia

New Zealand



Africa



All of Africa

Kenya

Morocco

Mozambique

South Africa

Tanzania







Experiences


Select an Experience

Main menu




Adventure and Activity



Adult Only



All Inclusive



Beach Resorts



City Centre Hotels



Country House Hotels



Luxury Family Hotels



Fine Dining Restaurants



Golf Resorts



Historical Hotels



Honeymoons



Hotels in UNESCO Sites



Hotels with Pools



Hotels with Rooftops



Hotels with Wine Cellars



Lake and Waterfront Hotels



Michelin® Hotels



Modern Design Hotels



Private Island Hotels



Ski Resorts



Spa Resorts



Wildlife and Safari Hotels



Wine Experience



Winter Sun





Offers


Offers

Main menu




Great Savings - save up to 20%



Save 20% on Suites



Complimentary Nights



Golf by SLH



Spa by SLH



Gourmet by SLH






Journal

INVITED
Membership


Main menu




Overview



Benefits



FAQs





Bookings


Main menu




Great Savings - save up to 20%





Save 20% on Suites





Complimentary Nights





Golf by SLH





Spa by SLH





Gourmet by SLH





€ EUR



Pounds
[GBP]

Australian Dollars
[AUD]

Canadian Dollars
[CAD]

Chinese Yuan
[CNY]

Euro
[EUR]

Yen
[JPY]

Singapore Dollars
[SGD]

CHF Swiss Francs
[CHF]

Dollars
[USD]





Hotel or Destination...















Terms of Use for www.slh.com










Terms of Use for the Small Luxury Hotels of the World ("SLH") Web-Site - www.slh.com


Anyone who accesses or in any way uses the SLH web-site www.slh.com or any related web page belonging to SLH which is accessible from the SLH web-site and has the same branding and look/feel as the SLH web-site (collectively called “the web-site”) is deemed to be a “user” of the web-site (also referred to herein as “you”) and is deemed to agree to and be bound by the following terms and conditions. If you do not agree, please cease use of the web-site and leave the web-site immediately.

You may only use the web-site to obtain information about SLH and SLH hotels and to make legitimate reservations or purchases and shall not use the web-site for any other purposes, including without limitation, to make any speculative, false or fraudulent reservations, or any reservation in anticipation of demand.

Each user agrees to fully indemnify Small Luxury Hotels of the World Limited for any loss, damage or claim arising from any misuse of the web-site or any service included in or accessible from the web-site or any breach of these terms and conditions.

General usage provisions

You agree that you will not use any robot, spider, other automatic device or manual process to monitor or copy the web-site or any content or information contained therein unless you obtain SLH's prior express written consent. You agree that you will not, through any means, interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper functioning of the web-site. You agree that you will not provide to SLH and/or to the web-site (i) any viruses, worms, and/or other computer programming routines that are intended to damage, detrimentally interfere with, intercept or expropriate any system, data or information and (ii) any content that may create liability for SLH or cause damage to SLH or to its business operations or to an SLH hotel.

Copyright

The copyright in the web-site and all the material on the web-site (including without limitation the text, computer code, artwork, photographs, images, music, audio material, video material and audio-visual material on the website) is owned by SLH and its licensors.

SLH grants to legitimate users of the web-site a worldwide non-exclusive royalty-free revocable license to: • view the web-site and the material on the web-site on a computer or mobile device via a web browser; • copy and store the web-site and the material on the web-site in the user’s web browser cache memory for the user’s own personal and non-commercial use; and • print pages from the web-site for the user’s own personal and non-commercial use.

SLH does not grant users any other rights in relation to the web-site or the material on the web-site. In other words, all other rights are reserved.
For the avoidance of doubt, users must not adapt, edit, change, transform, publish, republish, distribute, redistribute, broadcast, rebroadcast or show or play in public the web-site or any material on the web-site (in any form or media) without SLH’s prior written permission.

The automated and/or systematic collection of data from the web-site is prohibited.
Users may request permission to use the copyright materials on the web-site by writing to
contact@slh.com

SLH takes the protection of its copyright very seriously. If SLH discovers that a user has used its copyright materials in contravention of the license above then it may institute legal proceedings seeking monetary damages and an injunction to stop the use of those materials and may claim its legal costs.

If a user becomes aware of any use of SLH’s copyright materials that contravenes or may contravene the license above, please report this by email to contact@slh.com.

Trade Marks

The SLH trade marks, logos, designs and service marks displayed on the web-site (collectively the "trade marks") are registered and/or legally recognised trade marks of SLH. Any reproduction or use of any of the trade marks without the prior express written consent of SLH is prohibited. Nothing contained on the web-site should be construed as granting by implication, estoppels or otherwise, any licence or right to use any of the trade marks without the prior written consent of SLH or such other party that may own the trade marks.

Linking policy

Links to other web-sites
All links from the web-site to other web-sites are provided in good faith in order to offer an additional facility for visitors to the web-site and are provided on the following terms. • SLH is not responsible for any content held within or shown on any such third party web-sites nor for any links contained in them. • Any link to other web-sites owned and operated by third parties does not constitute an endorsement or recommendation by SLH. • SLH has no control over the contents of third party web-sites and SLH accepts no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.

Links to the web-site
SLH welcomes links to the web-site but all such links are subject to the following terms. • Links pointing to the web-site should not be misleading. • Appropriate link text should be always be used. • You must not use the SLH logo or other SLH trade mark material to link to the web-site (or otherwise) without our express written permission. • You must not frame the content of the web-site or use any similar technology in relation to the content of the web-site. • You agree that should SLH request the deletion of a link to the web-site that is within your control then you will delete the link promptly.

Removal of links
To request the removal of a link, please e-mail contact@slh.com. Note that unless you have a legal right to demand removal such removal will be at our discretion.
Changes to this linking policy
SLH may amend this linking policy at any time by publishing a new version on the web-site.

Reservations

All hotel reservations that you make on the web-site will be subject to the SLH Reservations Policy then applicable and which is available to view on the web-site.

Accuracy of web-site content

Whilst every effort has been made to ensure that the information provided on the web-site is accurate, SLH does not accept liability for errors. No warranty, express or implied, is given that the information provided on the web-site is error free. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law SLH excludes all representations, warranties and conditions relating to the web-site and the use of the web-site including, without limitation, any warranties implied by law of satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and/or the use of reasonable care and skill.

Accuracy of SLH hotel details

SLH does not own or manage any SLH hotels. Information regarding rooms, facilities and services offered at SLH hotels contained on the web-site has been provided by the SLH hotels. SLH does not make any representation or warranty, express or implied, of any kind with respect thereto. Such information including text, images, news, reviews or offers may be inaccurate as a result of renovation or repairs at the SLH hotel. The web-site may also contain typographical errors or omissions. SLH shall not be liable for any discrepancy in the rooms, facilities or services available at an SLH hotel from those described in the web-site or for any other errors or omissions and shall not be liable for any damages that may result therefrom.

Limitations and exclusions of liability

Nothing in these terms and conditions will: (a) limit or exclude SLH’s or your liability for death or personal injury resulting from negligence; (b) limit or exclude SLH’s or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; (c) limit any of SLH’s or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; or (d) exclude any of SLH’s or your liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.

The limitations and exclusions of liability set out in this section and elsewhere in these terms and conditions are subject to the preceding paragraphs (a)–(d) and govern all liabilities arising under these terms and conditions or in relation to the subject matter of these terms and conditions, including liabilities arising in contract and in tort (including negligence) and for breach of statutory duty.

To the extent that the web-site and the information and services on the web-site are provided free-of-charge, SLH will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature.
SLH will not be liable to you in respect of any losses arising out of any event or events beyond our reasonable control.

SLH will not be liable to you in respect of any business losses including (without limitation) loss of or damage to profits, income, revenue, use, production, anticipated savings, business, contracts, commercial opportunities or goodwill.

SLH will not be liable to you in respect of any loss or corruption of any data, database or software. SLH will not be liable to you in respect of any special, indirect or consequential loss or damage.

Breaches of these terms and conditions

Without prejudice to SLH’s other rights under these terms and conditions, if you breach these terms and conditions in any way, SLH may take such action as it deems appropriate to deal with the breach including suspending your access to the web-site, prohibiting you from accessing the web-site, blocking computers using your IP address from accessing the web-site, contacting your Internet Service Provider to request that they block your access to the web-site and/or bringing Court proceedings against you.

Variation

SLH may revise these terms and conditions from time-to-time. Revised terms and conditions will apply to the use of the web-site from the date of the publication of the revised terms and conditions on the web-site. Please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version.

Exclusion of third party rights

These terms and conditions are for the benefit of you and SLH and are not intended to benefit any third party or be enforceable by any third party. The exercise of SLH’s and your rights in relation to these terms and conditions is not subject to the consent of any third party.

Entire agreement

These terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and SLH in relation to your use of the web-site and supersede all previous agreements in respect of your use of the web-site.

Law and jurisdiction

These terms and conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with English law and any disputes relating to these terms and conditions will be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of England and Wales.

Our details

The full name of our company is Small Luxury Hotels of the World Limited. We are registered in England & Wales under registration number 2547272. Our registered address is 3rd Floor, Portland House, Bressenden Place, London SW1E 5BH.
To contact us please e-mail
contact@slh.com.


INVITED

INVITED is SLH’s loyalty programme offering members exclusive privileges – to find out full terms and conditions
click here
.

INVITED Refer a Friend

For full Refer a Friend Terms and Conditions
click here.


















About Us



SLH INVITED



Contact Us



About SLH



Hotel Gift Certificates



Best Rate Promise





Useful links



Media Relations



Press Releases



Partnerships & Charities



Travel Agents



Hotel Membership





Top destinations



Italy



Spain



USA



Maldives



New Zealand





Top cities



Paris



London



New York



Singapore



Tokyo











Call us 24/7
0800 740 173

contact@slh.com




Facebook

Twitter

Pinterest

Instagram

Youtube

Google

LinkedIn

Blogger





Download on the App Store

Android app on Google Play










© 2017 Small Luxury Hotels of the World
™






Terms



Privacy Policy



Jobs



Hotel Membership



Private Residences













Close





Join with email

or

Join with facebook

Join with google


Already an
INVITED
member?
Sign In
















Close



Arriving



i

Restrictions for









Available




Available with restrictions, click for details




Not available online (please call us on 0800 0482 314)




Not available












Nights:



1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

28





Adults:



1

2

3

4

5

6
























