



















Press Releases | Small Luxury Hotels of the World























Join
invited
, our free loyalty programme, to unlock exclusive rates and benefits.
JOIN TODAY


Close notifications






By continuing your visit to the site you accept the use of cookies in order to make visit statistics.
Read more

OK






SLH LOGO





Call us 24/7
0800 740 173





Menu




Join INVITED

Sign in

Manage My Bookings

€ EUR



Pounds
[GBP]

Australian Dollars
[AUD]

Canadian Dollars
[CAD]

Chinese Yuan
[CNY]

Euro
[EUR]

Yen
[JPY]

Singapore Dollars
[SGD]

CHF Swiss Francs
[CHF]

Dollars
[USD]








Destinations



Experiences



Offers



Journal



Invited




Overview



Benefits



FAQs



Join Invited



Already an
INVITED
member?
Sign In










Search for hotel:


Where







Destinations



{{ destination.plainName}}
{{destination.hotelsFound}} {{destination.resultText }}
{{ destination.plainName }}





Hotels



{{hotel.name}}









When



Check in




Check Out

Check out








Adults

1 Adult

2 Adults

3 Adults

4 Adults

5 Adults

6 Adults



Search





Close




CLOSE



Join Invited

Already an
INVITED
member?
Sign In


Destinations



Select a destination

Main menu





Europe



Asia



Americas



Caribbean



Indian Ocean



Middle East



Australasia



Africa





Europe



All of Europe

Armenia

Austria

Belgium

Bulgaria

Channel Islands

Croatia

Cyprus

Czech Republic

Denmark

Estonia

Finland

France

Germany

Greece

Iceland

Ireland

Italy

Latvia

Lithuania

Malta

Monaco

Netherlands

Norway

Portugal

Slovenia

Spain

Sweden

Switzerland

Turkey

United Kingdom



Asia



All of Asia

Cambodia

China

India

Indonesia

Japan

Laos

Malaysia

Mongolia

Philippines

Singapore

South Korea

Taiwan

Thailand

Vietnam



Americas



All of Americas

Argentina

Belize

Brazil

Canada

Colombia

Costa Rica

Ecuador

Guatemala

Honduras

Mexico

Nicaragua

Panama

Peru

USA



Caribbean



All of Caribbean

Anguilla

Antigua

Bahamas

Barbados

Bonaire

British Virgin Islands

Cuba

Dominican Republic

Grenada

Jamaica

Martinique

Puerto Rico

St Barthélemy

St Kitts & Nevis

St. Vincent & The Grenadines

Turks & Caicos



Indian Ocean



All of Indian Ocean

Maldives

Mauritius

Sri Lanka



Middle East



All of Middle East

Israel

Lebanon

Saudi Arabia

United Arab Emirates



Australasia



All of Australasia

Australia

Cook Islands

Fiji

French Polynesia

New Zealand



Africa



All of Africa

Kenya

Morocco

Mozambique

South Africa

Tanzania







Experiences


Select an Experience

Main menu




Adventure and Activity



Adult Only



All Inclusive



Beach Resorts



City Centre Hotels



Country House Hotels



Luxury Family Hotels



Fine Dining Restaurants



Golf Resorts



Historical Hotels



Honeymoons



Hotels in UNESCO Sites



Hotels with Pools



Hotels with Rooftops



Hotels with Wine Cellars



Lake and Waterfront Hotels



Michelin® Hotels



Modern Design Hotels



Private Island Hotels



Ski Resorts



Spa Resorts



Wildlife and Safari Hotels



Wine Experience



Winter Sun





Offers


Offers

Main menu




Great Savings - save up to 20%



Save 20% on Suites



Complimentary Nights



Golf by SLH



Spa by SLH



Gourmet by SLH






Journal

INVITED
Membership


Main menu




Overview



Benefits



FAQs





Bookings


Main menu




Great Savings - save up to 20%





Save 20% on Suites





Complimentary Nights





Golf by SLH





Spa by SLH





Gourmet by SLH





€ EUR



Pounds
[GBP]

Australian Dollars
[AUD]

Canadian Dollars
[CAD]

Chinese Yuan
[CNY]

Euro
[EUR]

Yen
[JPY]

Singapore Dollars
[SGD]

CHF Swiss Francs
[CHF]

Dollars
[USD]





Hotel or Destination...















Press Releases










SLH News


Welcome to The Small Luxury Hotels of the World News page. Here you will find all our press releases regarding SLH marketing activity and corporate news.









December 2017


Small Luxury Hotels of the World and Trendwatching Release Luxury Travel Trends for 2018

Small Luxury Hotels of the World (SLH), in partnership with global trends analysts Trendwatching, has today launched a luxury trends report that looks ahead at what will be shaping the luxury boutique hotel experience in 2018.

Trendwatching 2018









October 2017


SLH ANNOUNCES WINNERS OF THE SLH AWARDS 2017

Small Luxury Hotels of the World™ (SLH) has announced Dormy House Hotel in the Cotswolds, UK, as Hotel of the Year at the SLH Awards 2017. Described as ‘very nearly perfect’, it is one of thirteen hotels in SLH’s 500-strong portfolio of independently minded hotels that were honoured with awards at the luxury brand’s International Conference in California last week.

The SLH Awards 2017










44 SLH
HOTELS
RECOGNISED WITH CONDÉ NAST TRAVELER’S
30
TH
ANNUAL READERS’ CHOICE AWARDS

Condé Nast Traveler announced this week the results of its 30th annual Readers’ Choice Awards, recognising 44 hotels from the Small Luxury Hotels of the World (SLH) portfolio, 16 more hotels than were awarded in 2016.

CONDÉ NAST READERS’ CHOICE AWARDS










Small Luxury Hotels Of The World™ Relaunches Loyalty Programme - Invited

Small Luxury Hotels of the World has launched an evolved loyalty programme – INVITED. The free-to-join programme replaces The Club of SLH and offers all members access to exclusive rates, guaranteed benefits and ‘Small Luxuries’ right from their first stay at any of its 500 small, independently minded hotels worldwide.

SLH Invited









December 2016


Small Luxury Hotels of the World 2017 Travel Trends

At Small Luxury Hotels of the World (SLH), we're constantly on the road getting the first glimpse of the latest openings, game-changing hotel concepts and the most far flung destinations. Naturally, we feel we know a thing or two about hotels and destinations, not least because we’ve made it our business for the last 26 years. This year, we thought we’d share some of our knowledge, so welcome to our first ever SLH Travel Trends for 2017.

Travel Trends 2017










10 SLH HOTELS RECOGNISED WITH CONDÉ NAST TRAVELER'S 2017 GOLD LIST AWARD

The Condé Nast Traveler Gold List 2017 recognizes the hotels around the world that the title’s editors and contributors visit time and time again – and daydream about long after checkout.

gold list









October 2016


28 SLH HOTELS RECOGNISED WITH CONDÉ NAST TRAVELER’S 2016 READERS' CHOICE AWARD

Condé Nast Traveler today announced the results of its 29th annual Readers’ Choice Awards, recognising 28 hotels from the Small Luxury Hotels of the World portfolio, 12 more hotels than were awarded in 2015.

Readers Choice Awards










NEW HOTELS JOIN SMALL LUXURY HOTELS OF THE WORLD
™

This month SLH is welcoming three boutique hotels to its portfolio. From an elegant ocean front retreat in New South Wales to an eclectic city centre stay in Sweden, and an idyllic hilltop hotel on the west coast of Norway, each of these independent hotels offers something different to inspire the most discerning luxury traveller.

New hotels









August 2016


NEW HOTEL PALÉ HALL IN WALES JOINS SMALL LUXURY HOTELS OF THE WORLD™

SLH has welcomed brand new country house hotel Palé Hall into its collection of exclusive, independently-owned hotels around the world. This will be SLH’s first hotel in Wales and joins alongside 33 other SLH hotels within the United Kingdom.

Pale Hall









July 2016


NEW HOTELS JOIN SMALL LUXURY HOTELS OF THE WORLD
™

With a contemporary Madrid city-centre gem, laid-back luxury vibes in a Caribbean escape and a lavish retreat in the heart of the capital of Laos, there is something to please all independently minded travellers at SLH.

New hotels









June 2016


SMALL LUXURY HOTELS OF THE WORLD™ NEW EXECUTIVE BOARD

Small Luxury Hotels of the World™ (SLH), the champion of small, exclusive, independently-owned hotels around the world, today announces a new board of directors following the luxury company’s recent announcement of £12 million investment and restructure.

New Executive Board









May 2016


SLH BOLSTERS ASIA PACIFIC DEVELOPMENT WITH DEDICATED VICE PRESIDENT OF DEVELOPMENT

With a focus on development, Small Luxury Hotels of the World announces the appointment of Victor Wong to the role of Vice President Development, Asia Pacific.

ASIA PACIFIC DEVELOPMENT










SMALL LUXURY HOTELS OF THE WORLD APPOINTS MARK WONG
TO LEAD ASIA PACIFIC OPERATIONS

SLH, the champion of small, luxury, independent hotels, announces the appointment of Mark Wong to the new role of Vice President, Asia Pacific.

Asia Pacific Operations









April 2016


SMALL LUXURY HOTELS OF THE WORLD
™
‘UNADVERTISES’ IN NEW BRAND CAMPAIGN

Small Luxury Hotels of the World™ (SLH) will be launching a new brand advertising campaign on 4 April 2016. The campaign,
Unadvertise
, sees SLH cementing its new brand positioning and embracing its anti-brand status with a bold move away from traditional hotel marketing.

Unadvertise










NEW HOTELS JOIN SMALL LUXURY HOTELS OF THE WORLD
™
APRIL 2016

Small Luxury Hotels of the World is pleased to introduce five new hotels to its exclusive collection of luxury hotels this April.  From a brand new hotel in the heart of Madrid to an historical city dwelling in Portugal and a secluded beach resort in Mozambique there is something to suit the tastes of all independently-minded travellers.

New Hotels










GIGGLING, GRAPE CURES AND GINSENG – BE WELL WITH SMALL LUXURY HOTELS OF THE WORLD™

Wellness is synonymous with travel. Whether it be a secluded spa getaway to the Maldives, an active country retreat in the UK with the family or a city break in Rome giggling with girlfriends.

Be well









March 2016


New Hotels Join Small Luxury Hotels of the World
™
March 2016

Small Luxury Hotels of the World is pleased to introduce four new hotels to join the luxury collection this March. From a glamorous retreat in the south of France and an art deco villa in Germany to a congregation of exclusive townhouses in Japan’s northern Hokkaido Island, these hotels all have something unique and indulgent to offer the independently-minded traveller.

New Hotels










Live Like a Local This March with New Neighbourhood Guides from Small Luxury Hotels of the World
™March

Small Luxury Hotels of the World™ has put together a series of neighbourhood guides, available on
www.slh.com
, to provide guests visiting ten of its destinations around the world with insider tips on the cool, the cultured and the crazy things to do in the vicinity.

Neighbourhood Guides









February 2016


An independently-minded year for Small Luxury Hotels of the World™

The brand’s 25
th
year of business was a year of transition as it introduced new leadership, new initiatives and welcomed hotels in key strategic locations while keeping reservations steady and increasing visitors to its website (slh.com).

Independently Minded










Find your perfect match with Small Luxury Hotels of the World™

This February a new Matchmaking Quiz available on SLH’s facebook page will provide those at more of a loose end on Valentine’s Day with the opportunity to find their own ‘perfect match’ among SLH’s collection of 520 hotels in 80 countries.

SLH Perfect Match










New hotels join Small Luxury Hotels of the World™

Small Luxury Hotels of the World is pleased to introduce five new hotels to join the luxury collection this February. From a Buddhist sanctuary to a secluded Greek getaway, these hotels offer the independently-minded traveller the perfect motivation for a future voyage.

New Hotels









January 2016


Luxury at your fingertips with the new Small Luxury Hotels of the World™ iPhone App

Small Luxury Hotels of the World (SLH) has launched a new app for iPhone that is available from today on the App Store. The app reflects SLH’s contemporary new brand positioning with a clean and easy to navigate interface, and has been designed to match independently minded travellers with the luxury brand’s collection of over 520 independently spirited hotels around the world.

New iPhone App










Embark on a world tour with Small Luxury Hotels Of The World’s™ Small Luxury Cookbook

At a time when most people are detoxing after the festive season, Small Luxury Hotels of the World™ (SLH) has lived up to its ‘independently minded’ reputation by launching a collection of recipes from over 200 of its hotels around the world designed to inspire people to cook, and to travel, in 2016. The Small Luxury Cookbook features 480 pages of recipes celebrating signature dishes prepared by chefs, from local to global renown, who champion regional produce and traditions that can be experienced at the luxury hotel brand’s 520 hotels in 80 countries.

Small Luxury Cookbook










New hotels join Small Luxury Hotels Of The World™
January 2016

Small Luxury Hotels of the World is introducing five new hotels to its collection of over 520 hotels in 80 countries around the world this January. With an aim to match independently minded guests with independently spirited hotels these hotels in Thailand, Mexico, Sri Lanka, Italy and Turkey showcase everything from coastal modernism and avant-garde sustainability to historical immersion and exemplary tailor-made service.

New Hotels









December 2015


Small Luxury Hotels Of The World™ welcomes three new hotels in the heart of Paris, Prague and Perth

Small Luxury Hotels of the World is delighted to announce new hotels in Paris, Perth and Prague. The BoHo Hotel Prague and COMO The Treasury in Perth both signify the luxury brand’s first hotels in these sought after destinations, while the Grand Hotel du Palais Royal perfectly complements SLH’s existing collection of 13 of this iconic city’s top places to spend a night.

New Hotels










Small Luxury Hotels of the World™
named World’s Leading Boutique Hotel Brand

Small Luxury Hotels of the World™(SLH) has been named the World’s Leading Boutique Hotel Brand for the fourth consecutive year at the World Travel Awards (WTA) Grand Final 2015. The awards were presented in Morocco in December in front of over 300 industry leaders from around the globe and are generally acknowledged to be the ultimate travel accolade with winners saluted as the elite of international tourism.

World Travel Awards










SLH Launches Small Luxury Heroes Agent Recognition Programme With $25,000 Giveaway

Small Luxury Hotels of the World (SLH), the champion of small, luxury, independent hotels, is celebrating its 25th anniversary with the launch of a travel agent recognition programme – Small Luxury Heroes. The launch includes a kick off incentive that will enter all agents who register for the programme before 31st January 2016 into a prize draw to win one of 25 USD $1,000 SLH Gift Certificates. These vouchers can be used towards a stay at any of the luxury brand’s 520 hotels in over 80 countries around the world.

Small Luxury Heroes










Small Luxury Hotels of the World Debuts New Brand Identity and Key Initiatives for 2016

Small Luxury Hotels of the World (SLH) has announced a brand new look and feel designed to demonstrate a contemporary and forward-thinking positioning for the luxury brand as it celebrates its 25
th
anniversary. The unveiling coincides with the appointment of new CEO, Filip Boyen, and a successful International Conference for member hotels in Marbella last month during which SLH outlined ambitious plans for the future focusing on quality, development, technology and loyalty.

New Branding









November 2015


Small Luxury Hotels of the World Announces the winners of the SLH Hotel Awards 2015

Small Luxury Hotels of the World (SLH) announced the winners of the SLH Hotel Awards 2015 at its International Conference in Marbella, Spain. The awards recognise and honour SLH member hotels that have gone above and beyond to provide the ultimate guest experience and exemplify the luxury brand’s ‘independently minded’ philosophy, a new brand strapline that was unveiled alongside a new logo device during the conference.

Award Winners









October 2015


New cultural gems from Small Luxury Hotels Of The World™

Small Luxury Hotels of the World™ (SLH) welcomes four new members to its exclusive collection of small, independent hotels this October. Discover traditional cultural gems near to these hotels that are steeped in local culture in their own right. It is this tranquil dialogue between traditional culture and modernity that makes a stay at the otherwise comfortably-furnished hotel so unforgettable.

Cultural Gems









September 2015


No longer an upgrade away from a memorable stay!

There is nothing quite like checking into your favourite hotel and finding out you’ve been upgraded! Small Luxury Hotels of the World™ has decided to do away with chance and is currently offering 20% off suites when you prepay your stay. Junior, Master or Presidential – certainly takes a boutique escape up a notch, perfect for a bustling city break or a snug seasonal getaway.  Enjoy afternoon tea on your balcony, a soak in your oversized Victorian bathtub and revel in the sheer bliss of some extra space. Here is a selection of suites on offer by SLH…

Suite Deals









August 2015


Bounty of the World -  Small Luxury Hotels of the World Satisfies Cravings with Farm Fresh Dining

With a passion for good food and great company, Small Luxury Hotels of the World’s™ (SLH) diverse portfolio offers fine dining options for those special holiday evenings away from home. The Farm-to-Table concept is a contemporary dining approach designed to highlight the significance of local food production and its strong connections between plate, people and community development. Foodies craving fresh fare can get a true garden-to-table experience in an array of destinations with SLH.

Farm Fresh Dining









July 2015


At your (Secret) Service: Small Luxury Hotels of the World™ launches global search to find 25 new Mystery Inspectors

Small Luxury Hotels of the World (SLH) is celebrating its 25th anniversary by launching a global search to find 25 new hotel inspectors to join its worldwide team of ‘secret’ agents. From today until the 30th September 2015, eagle eyed applicants can submit their details to www.slh.com/mi to be in with the chance of being selected as a Mystery Inspector, tasked with the mission of upholding SLH’s high standards of luxurious excellence across its worldwide portfolio.

Mystery Inspectors









June 2015


Where for art? Try Romeo Hotel and four other European hotels that are new to the SLH collection this June

Small Luxury Hotels of the World™ (SLH) has welcomed five striking new European hotels to its luxury portfolio this June. Whether city centre or deep in the Tuscan hills, each features a unique collection of artistic pieces ranging from modern art, photography, antique furnishings and bespoke painted floors to fairy-tale surroundings that would inspire the artist in us all. Once again SLH spoils its guests with the luxury of choice.

New hotels










SLH Announces 4 New European Health & Wellness Hotels just in time for summer

Midway through the year summertime in Europe beckons as an ideal opportunity to recharge the batteries by experiencing one of Small Luxury Hotels of the World’s newest European health & wellness properties. Hotels in Italy, Switzerland or the private island of Losinj in Croatia all offer a distinct approach to relaxation and wellbeing.

New health & wellness hotels









APRIL 2015


Island life with Small Luxury Hotels of the World™

With summer finally on its way, it’s difficult not to spend afternoons dreaming of an island faraway, cocktail in hand, looking out across crystal clear waters. Small Luxury Hotels of the World’s diverse portfolio helps make that dream a reality with island experiences all over the world. Here’s its selection of the best island hotels:

Island Hotels










Small Luxury Hotels of the World adds new hotels for summer 2015

Small Luxury Hotels of the World™ (SLH) is growing its exclusive portfolio with exciting new hotels just in time for the summer holidays. These new additions will appeal to all types of holiday-seeker, from lakes and mountains in the Austrian Alps, private beaches in Sardinia and Croatia and chic city breaks in Thailand and Naples.

New Hotels









March 2015


Small Luxury Hotels of the World™ partners with four of the finest pousadas de Portugal

Pousadas de Portugal are nationally protected and preserved properties rich in history and charm. From castles to convents, palaces to monasteries, Portugal’s real treasures are open for guests to experience the country as never before. The four hotels chosen to join Small Luxury Hotels of the World™ (SLH) represent ‘la crème de la crème’ from the
Monuments
collection and focus not only on exceptional service but also on curating local, authentic experiences for guests using the historical beauty of their surroundings.

Pousadas de Portugal










Celebrate Easter in style with these last minute packages from Small Luxury Hotels of the World

With Easter fast approaching, Small Luxury Hotels of the World™ highlights some of the best Easter packages still available via slh.com.

Easter Packages










“The journey of a thousand miles begins
with one step”, Small Luxury Hotels of the World™ explores hotels in distinct locations.

Modern day life is increasingly about how quickly people can travel from point A to point B, with high speed transport infrastructures developing daily. If it’s not about how quickly humans can travel; it’s about how fast information can be fed from one location to another. So it’s not surprising that sometimes there is a need to escape those pressures and do quite the opposite.

Hotels in Distinct Locations










Small Luxury Hotels of the World™ helps to raise over $1 million for global charities in 2014

Small Luxury Hotels of the World is extremely proud of the work it does with a number of high-profile charities, for which we’ve raised substantial funds for over the years. 2014 was no different- for the second consecutive year SLH has raised over $1 million for charities across the globe.

Charities 2014









January 2015


Valentine’s day packages with Small Luxury Hotels of the World

With Valentine’s Day falling on a Saturday this year, there is no better excuse to surprise loved ones by whisking them off on a romantic weekend. Small Luxury Hotels of the World (SLH) offers a whole host of specially-designed packages around the world, to suit all types of couple.

Valentine's Day Packages









January 2015


Small Luxury Hotels of the World Extends Collection With New Openings

Small Luxury Hotels of the World (SLH) is growing its luxury hotel portfolio with some of 2014 and 2015’s most talked-about new openings. From the Belle Époque themed hotel Maison Souquet in Paris, a beautifully renovated manor house in Palma’s historic centre to a tropical retreat on Phuket, the new additions illustrate the diversity and character of SLH’s unrivalled hotel collection.

New Openings 2015









December 2014


Celebrate Christmas and New Year With a Range of Last Minute Luxury Hotel Packages by Small Luxury Hotels of the World

At the peak of the festive season Small Luxury Hotels of the World (SLH) offers a variety of last minute seasonal activities and packages around the world allowing guests to enjoy the holiday celebrations in style.

Celebrate Christmas and New Year









November 2014


Small Luxury Hotels of the World named Best Worldwide Luxury Hotel Brand at British Travel Awards

The UK public placed over one million votes and named Small Luxury Hotels of the World (SLH) the Best UK Luxury Hotel Brand and Best Worldwide Luxury Hotel Brand at the British Travel Awards.

British Travel Awards









November 2014


Small Luxury Hotels of the World Looks Up To The Starry Skies

For hundreds and hundreds of years the night skies have been of interest to not only astronomers, but the greater public, as bright stars beckon even the most untrained eyes upwards. Wondering what secrets the atmosphere contains is only a natural reaction. Many of the properties in the Small Luxury Hotels of the World portfolio have literally aligned themselves with the stars offering guests views, experiences and even telescopes to better appreciate the natural magnificence.

Stargazing Experiences









August 2014


Small Luxury Hotels of the World gives travelers reasons to return to the land of smiles

Despite popular beliefs that Thailand is unsafe after the military coup that took place in May, some travellers are putting the smile back on Thailand's face! SLH is helping that Smile and has a wide selection of boutique properties and special offers for every occasion.

Land of Smiles









August 2014


Small Luxury Hotels of the World increases portfolio with new Galapagos, Miami and Madrid Properties

The Small Luxury Hotels of the World™ (SLH) portfolio is continuing to expand with a number of particularly notable new hotels openings joining the revered brand this year. From Avant-guard architecture in Miami to a carbon-neutral eco lodge in The Galapagos Islands and a converted 20th century palace in Madrid, this pick of new hotel additions highlights the ever growing diversity of the SLH collection.

Expanding Portfolio









July 2014


Small Luxury Hotels of the World is on track for a Record Breaking Year

Small Luxury Hotels of the World™ (SLH) has reason to celebrate as it reaches the end of Q2 with a 13% rise in revenue and a 6% increase in room nights compared to the same time last year. It has also seen a 6% year on year rise in revenue from its ‘basket of hotels’, which refers to the 216 hotels that have been part of the brand for over seven years.

Record Breaking Year









June 2014


New Openings Hit the Mark with Small Luxury Hotels of the World

The Small Luxury Hotels of the World™ (SLH) portfolio continues to expand with a number of particularly notable new hotels joining the revered brand this year. Dan Luddington, Director of Development at Small Luxury Hotels of the World™ (SLH), explains why the hotels will step up to the SLH mark and reveals what makes each hotel stand out.

New Openings 2014









June 2014


Small Luxury Hotels of the World picks 2014's Top Openings

Some of 2014’s most anticipated new hotel openings are among the latest recruits to the Small Luxury Hotels of the World (SLH) portfolio. From the Galapagos Islands to the French Riviera and the Dominican Republic to Perthshire in Scotland, SLH has handpicked properties in the hottest-tipped destinations for travel in 2014.

Top Openings for 2014









June 2014


Holiday with your Canine Companion with Small Luxury Hotels of the World

For those looking for a chance to get away but need somewhere dog-friendly, Small Luxury Hotels of the World offers ideal canine-friendly properties for guests to relax in the company of their pet. The country retreats and secluded hotels surrounded by acres of woodland that are on offer from SLH are perfect for dog walking and indulging in some quality time with the pet pooch.

Holiday with your canine companion









June 2014


Perfect Weddings at Small Luxury Hotels of the World

When it comes to planning a wedding, getting the venue right is arguably the most crucial element to ensuring the perfect ‘big day’. Counting over 520 of the world’s finest boutique hotels within its portfolio, Small Luxury Hotels of the World™ (SLH) offers some of the most stunning settings to say ‘I Do’.

Perfect Weddings









March 2014


Easter Excursions From Small Luxury Hotels of the World

Small Luxury Hotels of the World™ (SLH) is showcasing its best Easter offers to enjoy the coming Easter festivities in style. Take advantage of the long weekend to stop and smell the newly budding roses and await the arrival of the Easter Bunny at one of SLH’s 520 hotels worldwide ranging from quaint country manors to serene beach resorts.

Easter Excursions









January 2014


2013 - A Record Year for Small Luxury Hotels of the World

Small Luxury Hotels of the World™ (SLH) is delighted to report that 2013 has topped 2012 as its best ever trading year. Between 1 January and 31 December 2013 SLH reports an increase of 8 per cent year on year in terms of room nights and 12 per cent in terms of revenue, delivering 369,152 room nights and generating $134 million in revenue.

2013 - A Record Year


















About Us



SLH INVITED



Contact Us



About SLH



Hotel Gift Certificates



Best Rate Promise





Useful links



Media Relations



Press Releases



Partnerships & Charities



Travel Agents



Hotel Membership





Top destinations



Italy



Spain



USA



Maldives



New Zealand





Top cities



Paris



London



New York



Singapore



Tokyo











Call us 24/7
0800 740 173

contact@slh.com




Facebook

Twitter

Pinterest

Instagram

Youtube

Google

LinkedIn

Blogger





Download on the App Store

Android app on Google Play










© 2017 Small Luxury Hotels of the World
™






Terms



Privacy Policy



Jobs



Hotel Membership



Private Residences













Close





Join with email

or

Join with facebook

Join with google


Already an
INVITED
member?
Sign In
















Close



Arriving



i

Restrictions for









Available




Available with restrictions, click for details




Not available online (please call us on 0800 0482 314)




Not available












Nights:



1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

28





Adults:



1

2

3

4

5

6
























