



















Reasons to Join INVITED at slh.com























Join
invited
, our free loyalty programme, to unlock exclusive rates and benefits.
JOIN TODAY


Close notifications






By continuing your visit to the site you accept the use of cookies in order to make visit statistics.
Read more

OK






SLH LOGO





Call us 24/7
0800 740 173





Menu




Join INVITED

Sign in

Manage My Bookings

€ EUR



Pounds
[GBP]

Australian Dollars
[AUD]

Canadian Dollars
[CAD]

Chinese Yuan
[CNY]

Euro
[EUR]

Yen
[JPY]

Singapore Dollars
[SGD]

CHF Swiss Francs
[CHF]

Dollars
[USD]








Destinations



Experiences



Offers



Journal



Invited




Overview



Benefits



FAQs



Join Invited



Already an
INVITED
member?
Sign In










Search for hotel:


Where







Destinations



{{ destination.plainName}}
{{destination.hotelsFound}} {{destination.resultText }}
{{ destination.plainName }}





Hotels



{{hotel.name}}









When



Check in




Check Out

Check out








Adults

1 Adult

2 Adults

3 Adults

4 Adults

5 Adults

6 Adults



Search





Close




CLOSE



Join Invited

Already an
INVITED
member?
Sign In


Destinations



Select a destination

Main menu





Europe



Asia



Americas



Caribbean



Indian Ocean



Middle East



Australasia



Africa





Europe



All of Europe

Armenia

Austria

Belgium

Bulgaria

Channel Islands

Croatia

Cyprus

Czech Republic

Denmark

Estonia

Finland

France

Germany

Greece

Iceland

Ireland

Italy

Latvia

Lithuania

Malta

Monaco

Netherlands

Norway

Portugal

Slovenia

Spain

Sweden

Switzerland

Turkey

United Kingdom



Asia



All of Asia

Cambodia

China

India

Indonesia

Japan

Laos

Malaysia

Mongolia

Philippines

Singapore

South Korea

Taiwan

Thailand

Vietnam



Americas



All of Americas

Argentina

Belize

Brazil

Canada

Colombia

Costa Rica

Ecuador

Guatemala

Honduras

Mexico

Nicaragua

Panama

Peru

USA



Caribbean



All of Caribbean

Anguilla

Antigua

Bahamas

Barbados

Bonaire

British Virgin Islands

Cuba

Dominican Republic

Grenada

Jamaica

Martinique

Puerto Rico

St Barthélemy

St Kitts & Nevis

St. Vincent & The Grenadines

Turks & Caicos



Indian Ocean



All of Indian Ocean

Maldives

Mauritius

Sri Lanka



Middle East



All of Middle East

Israel

Lebanon

Saudi Arabia

United Arab Emirates



Australasia



All of Australasia

Australia

Cook Islands

Fiji

French Polynesia

New Zealand



Africa



All of Africa

Kenya

Morocco

Mozambique

South Africa

Tanzania







Experiences


Select an Experience

Main menu




Adventure and Activity



Adult Only



All Inclusive



Beach Resorts



City Centre Hotels



Country House Hotels



Luxury Family Hotels



Fine Dining Restaurants



Golf Resorts



Historical Hotels



Honeymoons



Hotels in UNESCO Sites



Hotels with Pools



Hotels with Rooftops



Hotels with Wine Cellars



Lake and Waterfront Hotels



Michelin® Hotels



Modern Design Hotels



Private Island Hotels



Ski Resorts



Spa Resorts



Wildlife and Safari Hotels



Wine Experience



Winter Sun





Offers


Offers

Main menu




Great Savings - save up to 20%



Save 20% on Suites



Complimentary Nights



Golf by SLH



Spa by SLH



Gourmet by SLH






Journal

INVITED
Membership


Main menu




Overview



Benefits



FAQs





Bookings


Main menu




Great Savings - save up to 20%





Save 20% on Suites





Complimentary Nights





Golf by SLH





Spa by SLH





Gourmet by SLH





€ EUR



Pounds
[GBP]

Australian Dollars
[AUD]

Canadian Dollars
[CAD]

Chinese Yuan
[CNY]

Euro
[EUR]

Yen
[JPY]

Singapore Dollars
[SGD]

CHF Swiss Francs
[CHF]

Dollars
[USD]





Hotel or Destination...













PREFERENTIAL TREATMENT FOR THE INDEPENDENTLY MINDED

JOIN INVITED TODAY










Overview






Benefits






FAQs














Reasons to Join Invited - FAQs


GENERAL QUESTIONS



Already a Club member? It's easy to be INVITED...



Great news!
The Club of SLH has evolved into a new loyalty programme INVITED and is now live to members. If you were already a member all you need to do is update your password by using the current email address we have for you – it is very simple.

To setup your new INVITED account password, simply go to
invited.slh.com/welcome-back
and enter your email address.

You’ll then be emailed a verification code to enter back on the same web page. Just copy and paste the verification code from your email into the box provided on the web page and enter in your new password.

That’s it! You’ll then be able to access your exclusive benefits.





What is INVITED?



INVITED is our member loyalty programme at SLH. We don’t like to overcomplicate things, so there’s only one rule – the more you stay with us, the better it gets. It’s really as simple as that. We believe in making each experience better, and INVITED rewards you each time you make a booking on SLH.com or through our voice centre. You’re INVITED, so why not join?





Does INVITED cost anything to join?



Nada! Niente! Nichts! INVITED is free to join and will cost you absolutely nothing.





How do I become an INVITED Member?



There’s nothing to it! Simply
click here
to set up a membership by creating an online profile that lets us know who you are and what you love. We’ll cover the rest. And off the record – the more you tell us, the more we can spoil you.





I forgot my password or need to change my email. Where do I go?



To change your email address,
click here
.

To reset your password, go to the
INVITED
login page and select 'Forgotten Password?'. Then follow the instructions to reset your password.





I forgot my member ID. Where can I find this?



Your member ID is displayed on your
INVITED homepage
. It’s also displayed on the top righthand corner of every email we send you.





Why should I update my preference information?



The more we know about you, the more we can spoil you. Tell us what would really make a stay at SLH special for you, and we might just make it happen!





Do INVITED members receive Membership Cards?



You don’t get a card, but you do get the INVITED feeling! When booking via our reservations team over the phone, don’t forget to provide your member ID to your agent to ensure you receive your INVITED benefits. If booking via the SLH website or app, enter your ID in the Loyalty ID field when making your reservation.





I used to be a member of “The Club”. Does this mean I am now an INVITED member?



If you were a member of our previous loyalty programme, you will remain a member of the INVITED programme – just log in to see the tier you’re in and to get the details on your new exclusive benefits.





Is it possible to combine INVITED memberships?



Combining memberships isn’t possible as we want to ensure that INVITED is as personal to each member as possible.





How do I qualify for INVITED benefits during my stay?



To enjoy the fruits of your INVITED membership, all you need to do is login to your account when booking via SLH.com or state your membership ID to our reservation team when booking on the phone.





What is the definition of a qualifying stay?



A qualifying stay is a booking made through SLH reservation channels; SLH.com or through the SLH voice reservation centre using your INVITED membership number at the time of booking. Let us stress – any reservation made without your membership number will not be counted as a qualifying stay and will not be eligible for INVITED’s exclusive benefits. A “qualifying stay” is a stay at a participating SLH hotel and requires the member to check-in on the date of the reservation for a minimum of one night. Qualifying stays are calculated during the annual tier membership (12 months). Qualifying stays may not be carried over to a subsequent status year.





So what bookings don’t count for INVITED benefits?



Most stays will easily qualify for INVITED benefits, but there will be the odd occasion when a booking does not. This includes, but is not limited to: Any bookings directly with the hotel; wholesale/tour operator packages; rates that aren’t publically available; contracted airline crew rates; travel industry rates (including but not limited to travel agent discount rates); reward night vouchers; bookings made via an online travel agent or any other stay that is not reserved through SLH reservation channels; SLH.com or SLH voice centre.





I have recently stayed at an SLH hotel and didn’t receive all of my exclusive benefits?



Our hotels are all independently owned and sometimes, due to hotel occupancy, the following benefits are subject to availability at time of check-in: early check-in, late check-out and room upgrade. Always be sure to let the hotel know you’re an INVITED member – this will ensure you’ll get the INVITED treatment.





I’ve booked via an SLH hotel directly. Does this mean I will not receive INVITED benefits?



If a booking is made directly via the hotel or with an agency or website external of SLH, the hotel has no obligation to offer INVITED benefits.





I’ve booked via a Travel Agent. Does this mean I will not receive INVITED benefits?



If you have booked via a Travel Agent, it is important to confirm how they have made the booking. If your agent has contacted SLH and booked a qualifying rate via our Agents’ Website or VIP desk, your stay will qualify for INVITED benefits.





I’ve booked more than one room. Will both bookings receive INVITED benefits?



INVITED member benefits will only apply to the room the member is residing in. If booking more than one room, why not get your fellow traveller

INVITED
? By attaching their membership ID to their room, they will also enjoy INVITED benefits during their stay.





How do I earn a reward night voucher?



There are two ways to earn a reward night voucher - you can earn a free night after making 5 qualifying stays or by reaching a total spend of $6,000 USD within the annual tier membership (12 months). We have both to cover long stays to reward both frequent stays and long stays.





How can I see the progress of my membership?



You can see your reservation history and future reservations by viewing

My Activity
.





Can I earn Frequent Flyer points when booking as an INVITED member?



No, we have terminated our partnership with AVIOS therefore we will  no longer issue frequent flyer points to members who have made a qualifying booking after 16
th
October 2017. If you have made a qualifying booking before 16
th
October but due to complete your stay before 31
st
December, we will still award your AVIOS points. After 31
st
December 2017, we will no longer issue any frequent flyer points to members who have joined invited via the AVIOS or British Airways executive Club.





I don’t think all my stays have been included to my membership?



If you think a stay is missing from your profile, please contact the Loyalty Manager at invited@slh.com
with details of your stay.

Please remember that for a stay to qualify on your profile, your reservation must have been made via the SLH website or SLH
voice reservation team
. Online reservation engines and bookings made directly with the hotel do not apply, as they use a completely separate system.





How quickly can I see my stays on my online membership?



Any qualifying stays will be displayed on your membership page up to 72 hours after you depart.





What do I get if I refer a friend to join SLH?



You will receive a complimentary night after a friend you have referred to INVITED makes a qualifying stay at an SLH hotel. It’s as simple as that! (terms and conditions apply).





I’d like to recommend a hotel to join SLH. What do I do?



We love having an insiders’ scoop into the latest and greatest independent hotels, so you’re welcome to make a hotel recommendation
here
or by emailing contact@slh.com.





I have just completed a booking. Can I leave a review on the SLH website?



If you have made a qualifying booking, SLH will email you after your stay with an invitation to leave a review on the SLH website. Please note bookings made outside of SLH reservation channels will not receive an invitation to leave a review.





What are my benefits?








What benefits are included in the Invited tier?



Member Exclusive Rate [NRXQ]

Daily complimentary continental breakfast for two

Early check-in (subject to availability)

Late check-out (subject to availability)

Free Wi-Fi

Member exclusive promotions





What benefits are included in the Inspired tier?



Complimentary room upgrade

(subject to availability)

Birthday gift

Member Exclusive Rate [NRXQ]

Daily Complimentary breakfast for two

Early check-in (subject to availability)

Late check-out (subject to availability)

Free Wi-Fi

Member exclusive promotions





What benefits are included in the Indulged tier?



Complimentary nights

Invite only exclusive events

Complimentary room upgrade

(subject to availability)

Member Exclusive Rate [NRXQ]

Daily Complimentary breakfast for two

Early check-in (subject to availability)

Late check-out (subject to availability)

Free Wi-Fi

Member exclusive promotions

Birthday gift





What is the Member Exclusive Rate?



INVITED members have full access to the discounted Member Exclusive Rate [NRXQ], which is an extra 10% off the best available rate.





What are the early check-in details?



Booking a qualifying stay via the SLH reservation channels entitles you to an early check-in at 12pm (
subject to availability and terms and conditions
). Your chosen hotel will be notified of this benefit 48 hours ahead of your stay.





What are the late check-out details?



There’s no need to scramble out of bed to make the usual check-out time. Booking a qualifying stay via SLH reservation channels entitles you to an late check out at 3pm (subject to availability – view terms and condition
here
). Your chosen hotel will confirm on arrival if a late check out is available.





How do I get free Wi-Fi?



Booking a qualifying stay via SLH entitles you to free Wi-Fi during your stay. Your chosen hotel will be notified to offer you this benefit ahead of your stay.





How do I get the continental complimentary breakfast for two?



You are entitled to a complimentary breakfast for two at your chosen hotel when booking a qualifying stay via the SLH reservation channels. Your chosen hotel will be notified to offer you this benefit ahead of your stay.





What are INVITED member exclusive promotions?



From time to time SLH will run member exclusive promotions. Only INVITED members can enter for the chance to win. Just look out for member exclusive promotions to participate at slh.com.





What are invite only events?



From time to time SLH will run exclusive SLH events. When you reach Indulged tier, you will get the chance to be invited to events that SLH are hosting. SLH events will run on a periodic basis, meaning that there may not be one immediately available.





What is the birthday gift?



Birthdays only come around once a year, so we want you to celebrate with your nearest and dearest. Ten working days before your birthday, SLH will send you an email to let you know your birthday gift is ready to redeem. You have 10 days to redeem your birthday gift, to be enjoyed in the specified time frame (
terms and conditions apply
).





How do I redeem my reward night voucher?



A reward night is not too good to be true, it’s just too good to pass up! And it’s easy to redeem. You will receive an email confirming your reward night voucher is ready to be redeemed. Once you have received this, you can simply email
rewardvoucher@slh.com

to organise redemption. Heads up – it’s really helpful if you also include your email and who, when and where you would like to travel. A member of the reservation team will be in touch within 48 hours of receiving your email Monday to Friday.





How long is my reward night voucher valid for?



You have 12 months to claim your reward night, from the date it was sent to you.





My reward night voucher is about to expire, can I get an extension?



In order to make sure the INVITED membership is fair on all members, we are unable to offer a reward night voucher extension.





How do I upgrade my profile from Invited to Inspired?



Invited
members require 1 qualifying stay in order to upgrade to
Inspired
. Upon qualifying, SLH will inform the member via email within 72 hours.





How do I maintain Inspired tier?



Inspired members are required to make 1 qualifying stay within their 12 months in order to maintain status.





How do I upgrade my profile from Inspired to Indulged?



In order to become an Indulged member, you are required to make 6 qualifying stays or spend $6,000 USD within 12 months. Upon qualifying, SLH will inform you via email within 72 hours.





How do I know if I have reached a new tier?



Upon qualifying for a new tier, you will be informed via email within 72 hours.





Can my membership be downgraded?



If you have made no stays within the previous 12 month period, your profile will be downgraded to the tier below. SLH will inform you via email within 72 hours of this happening.





I didn’t find an answer to my question – how can I get more help?



Click here
to speak to your local voice reservation team or email us at invited@slh.com.





Issues Logging In?



If you have been navigated this page after trying to login to INVITED, this means that the system may have been unable to log you in due to the status of your INVITED member account. This might happen if you have initially signed up using an email address and password, then later used a social account to login (such as Facebook) but you have not verified your account via the verification email. In order to use your social login account. Please click on the link in the verification email that you received when you signed up. If you are unable to find the email please check your junk email folder or alternatively login using your username and password and request another verification email via the notification that appears under the notifications bell, from the invited website. When your account verification is completed – you will be able to use your social accounts to login to the invited system.





Where can I find full Terms & Conditions?



For full INVITED terms and conditions
click here.





Where can I find Terms & Conditions for Refer a Friend?



For full Refer a Friend Terms and Conditions
click here.









BE INVITED

Find your perfect getaway

BROWSE SLH HOTELS













About Us



SLH INVITED



Contact Us



About SLH



Hotel Gift Certificates



Best Rate Promise





Useful links



Media Relations



Press Releases



Partnerships & Charities



Travel Agents



Hotel Membership





Top destinations



Italy



Spain



USA



Maldives



New Zealand





Top cities



Paris



London



New York



Singapore



Tokyo











Call us 24/7
0800 740 173

contact@slh.com




Facebook

Twitter

Pinterest

Instagram

Youtube

Google

LinkedIn

Blogger





Download on the App Store

Android app on Google Play










© 2017 Small Luxury Hotels of the World
™






Terms



Privacy Policy



Jobs



Hotel Membership



Private Residences













Close





Join with email

or

Join with facebook

Join with google


Already an
INVITED
member?
Sign In
















Close



Arriving



i

Restrictions for









Available




Available with restrictions, click for details




Not available online (please call us on 0800 0482 314)




Not available












Nights:



1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

28





Adults:



1

2

3

4

5

6
























