



















Journal























Join
invited
, our free loyalty programme, to unlock exclusive rates and benefits.
JOIN TODAY


Close notifications






By continuing your visit to the site you accept the use of cookies in order to make visit statistics.
Read more

OK






SLH LOGO





Call us 24/7
0800 740 173





Menu




Join INVITED

Sign in

Manage My Bookings

€ EUR



Pounds
[GBP]

Australian Dollars
[AUD]

Canadian Dollars
[CAD]

Chinese Yuan
[CNY]

Euro
[EUR]

Yen
[JPY]

Singapore Dollars
[SGD]

CHF Swiss Francs
[CHF]

Dollars
[USD]








Destinations



Experiences



Offers



Journal



Invited




Overview



Benefits



FAQs



Join Invited



Already an
INVITED
member?
Sign In










Search for hotel:


Where







Destinations



{{ destination.plainName}}
{{destination.hotelsFound}} {{destination.resultText }}
{{ destination.plainName }}





Hotels



{{hotel.name}}









When



Check in




Check Out

Check out








Adults

1 Adult

2 Adults

3 Adults

4 Adults

5 Adults

6 Adults



Search





Close




CLOSE



Join Invited

Already an
INVITED
member?
Sign In


Destinations



Select a destination

Main menu





Europe



Asia



Americas



Caribbean



Indian Ocean



Middle East



Australasia



Africa





Europe



All of Europe

Armenia

Austria

Belgium

Bulgaria

Channel Islands

Croatia

Cyprus

Czech Republic

Denmark

Estonia

Finland

France

Germany

Greece

Iceland

Ireland

Italy

Latvia

Lithuania

Malta

Monaco

Netherlands

Norway

Portugal

Slovenia

Spain

Sweden

Switzerland

Turkey

United Kingdom



Asia



All of Asia

Cambodia

China

India

Indonesia

Japan

Laos

Malaysia

Mongolia

Philippines

Singapore

South Korea

Taiwan

Thailand

Vietnam



Americas



All of Americas

Argentina

Belize

Brazil

Canada

Colombia

Costa Rica

Ecuador

Guatemala

Honduras

Mexico

Nicaragua

Panama

Peru

USA



Caribbean



All of Caribbean

Anguilla

Antigua

Bahamas

Barbados

Bonaire

British Virgin Islands

Cuba

Dominican Republic

Grenada

Jamaica

Martinique

Puerto Rico

St Barthélemy

St Kitts & Nevis

St. Vincent & The Grenadines

Turks & Caicos



Indian Ocean



All of Indian Ocean

Maldives

Mauritius

Sri Lanka



Middle East



All of Middle East

Israel

Lebanon

Saudi Arabia

United Arab Emirates



Australasia



All of Australasia

Australia

Cook Islands

Fiji

French Polynesia

New Zealand



Africa



All of Africa

Kenya

Morocco

Mozambique

South Africa

Tanzania







Experiences


Select an Experience

Main menu




Adventure and Activity



Adult Only



All Inclusive



Beach Resorts



City Centre Hotels



Country House Hotels



Luxury Family Hotels



Fine Dining Restaurants



Golf Resorts



Historical Hotels



Honeymoons



Hotels in UNESCO Sites



Hotels with Pools



Hotels with Rooftops



Hotels with Wine Cellars



Lake and Waterfront Hotels



Michelin® Hotels



Modern Design Hotels



Private Island Hotels



Ski Resorts



Spa Resorts



Wildlife and Safari Hotels



Wine Experience



Winter Sun





Offers


Offers

Main menu




Great Savings - save up to 20%



Save 20% on Suites



Complimentary Nights



Golf by SLH



Spa by SLH



Gourmet by SLH






Journal

INVITED
Membership


Main menu




Overview



Benefits



FAQs





Bookings


Main menu




Great Savings - save up to 20%





Save 20% on Suites





Complimentary Nights





Golf by SLH





Spa by SLH





Gourmet by SLH





€ EUR



Pounds
[GBP]

Australian Dollars
[AUD]

Canadian Dollars
[CAD]

Chinese Yuan
[CNY]

Euro
[EUR]

Yen
[JPY]

Singapore Dollars
[SGD]

CHF Swiss Francs
[CHF]

Dollars
[USD]





Hotel or Destination...















Journal











From Tahiti to Taha’a: exploring French Polynesia

The ancient, seafaring culture of French Polynesia has rippled across the Pacific as far as Hawaii and New Zealand. Yet there’s still nowhere on earth quite like this scattering of island jewels.

Explore French Polynesia
















Iceland: from the city to the skies

Forget Westeros, Iceland is the original land of ice and fire. Here’s our itinerary for a luxury break of northern lights, spellbinding scenery and long, cosy nights – and not a White Walker in sight.

Explore Iceland














The two sides to Scotland

Scotland. A place where the landscapes are as wild as the weather. A muse for musicians, filmmakers and novelists, and home to eclectic cities embellished with cultural gems.

Explore Two sides of Scotland
















Ring in the new year in China

Hugely vast and equally varied, at times, China feels like many countries rolled into one. But at winter’s end, there’s one thing sleepy villages among green rice terraces and gleaming metropolises have in common: celebrating Chinese New Year.

Chinese new year














Autumn in Norway

Norway’s dramatic and diverse landscapes are year-round wonders. But when autumn arrives, the country really comes to life...

Discover Autumn in Norway
















On the wild side of Mauritius

Despite the island’s modest size, Mauritius never fails to leave you wondering what lies ahead. From the towering forests and bizarre, to the depths and diversity of the surrounding Indian Ocean.

Explore the wild side of Mauritius














in it to win it!

The winners have been annoucned! See which SLH hotels took home the top prizes at the 2017 SLH Awards.

See the winners here
















Beyond Marrakech

As the gateway to North Africa, Marrakech is a melting pot of Arabian, Berber and European influences. Explore what the city has to offer and beyond..

Explore Beyond Marrakech














West coast cool in Gothenburg

A firm favourite with mini-breakers, mixing historic sights with hip-as-it-gets culture, buzzing nightlife and boutique hotels.

Discover Gothenburg
















Five reasons to scuba dive in Zanzibar

With countless dive sites dotted around the coast and islets of Zanzibar, there’s an experience to suit every level.





Discover the African archipelago














The three sides of Koh Samui

As the second largest island in Thailand, Koh Samui has more to offer than a Bangkok night market.

Discover Koh Samui
















Beyond Berlin’s Christmas markets

From the dazzling lights to the eclectic exhibitions, Berlin is the place to be this winter – but there’s more to this vibrant city than its Christmas markets.

Discover Berlin














a road trip along the Sri Lanka west coast

See the western side of the Sri Lankan coast on a four-stop road trip, with beach-lined blue seas, historic towns and blissful boutique hotels along the way.

Sri Lanka by road
















Why Sorrento is the perfect base for Italian adventures

Be charmed by the history, views and cosmopolitan culture of Sorrento before venturing out of town to uncover some of southern Italy’s lesser-visited sites.

Enjoy Sorrento














Seven days in the Seychelles

Whether your heart’s set on beach lounging or wildlife spotting, Mahé in the Seychelles makes the perfect base.

Discover The seychelles
















Unearthing Puerto Rico

Puerto Rico still feels like the quiet cousin of the Caribbean. Those that linger uncover an island ripe for discovery.

Puerto Rico treasures














If You're going to San Francisco

Step out of the ordinary and into the great outdoors to explore serene Sausalito, San Francisco Bay and rugged Marin County by bike, boat, land, sea or sky.

Explore San Francisco
















Prague, three ways

Discover the more alternative sides to Prague, as a couple, family or with friends – where magic, mystery and historical treasures greet you at every turn.

Delve into Prague














Eat like a local in Malaysia

Uncover the fantastic flavours of this magical nation, where street food is served fresh and offers insight into the country's cuisine.

Taste Malaysia
















Island hopping in Singapore

Discover how easy it is to slip between city break and beach escape in Singapore, with our guide to the islands just a short hop from the ‘little red dot’.

6 islands to discover














Little Jersey’s big tastes

Take a food tour of Jersey with our guide to the very best seafood, street food and Michelin-starred fine food this little Channel Island has to offer.

Taste Jersey
















Stress-free Tokyo sightseeing

Get to know the customs and culture of Tokyo with this 21
st
-century etiquette guide that covers everything from using chopsticks to boarding busy trains.

An etiquette guide to trains, tuna and temples














Top 5 Vienna festivals

Swing into low-lit jazz bars and high ceiling opera houses, attend an open-air venue on a Viennese island, and celebrate festival season in the city of music.

Discover Vienna
















finding peace in Florence

Uncover the quiet side of Florence in summer with this alternative guide to the city’s peaceful parks, outdoor pools, lesser-visited galleries and café culture.

pockets of peace in florence














Bruges: In summer & winter

Explore both the cool and sunny sides of Bruges with this guide to the city in summer and winter – from chilled Belgian beers to warming hot chocolates.

best of bruges
















The Indian Ocean’s most romantic islands

Dive into an unforgettable Indian Ocean honeymoon, with our pick of luxury hotels and experiences in Sri Lanka, Mauritius, the Seychelles and the Maldives.

Honeymoons with a difference














What to eat where in China

See what’s on the menu across China with this gastronomic guide to one of the world’s most diverse culinary destinations – from Beijing street food to Sichuan spice.

Take a journey across China
















when the snow melts in Switzerland?

Spring into a summer escape at a Switzerland spa hotel, with our pick of events and activities dotted across the country from Geneva to Gstaad, Lucerne to Verbier.

Discover Switzerland in Summer














Cycle, dive or climb Krabi

Cycle, dive and climb your way around Krabi – hanging off soaring limestone rocks, meeting leopard sharks and going off the beaten track on this Thai island.

Explore Krabi
















we're going to ibiza

We chat with Nobu Hotel Ibiza Bay general manager Enrique Mandl on why SLH's new member hotel offers the best that Ibiza has to offer.

read about our latest addition














sailing around antigua

There's no need to be on land to uncover Antigua's beauty - sit back and enjoy the 360 sea views on your very own boat!

discover antigua
















The two sides to a Cornish getaway

Discover two very different sides to the captivating English county of Cornwall with our guide to creating a getaway to remember – as a family, or as a couple.

Cornwall with the kids and without














4 top train journeys across Portugal

See more of Portugal on a twin-centre boutique break, taking the train from Lisbon to coastal cool in Estoril, Port tasting in Porto or the heritage charm of Faro.

Journey across portugal
















England’s best small luxury spa hotels for babymoons

Plan a babymoon at one of England’s best luxury spa hotels – whether it’s a weekend beside the sea in Cornwall or a getaway in County Durham.

Babymoon Ideas














Q&A with Magnus Olovson

Enjoy our catch-up with General Manager of The Sanchaya on Bintan Island, Indonesia on what makes a truly unforgettable travel experience.

Catch up with Magnus
















Seeking out green spaces in Hong Kong

Take a break from shopping for a day and explore Hong Kong’s green spaces – you’ll soon discover that here, city breaks and country escapes stand side by side.

Explore Hong Kong














Stockholm Uncovered

Get off the beaten track, and onto bikes and boats, as you follow the in-crowd and explore the hidden side of Stockholm – from fika to fish soup and beyond.

Explore Stockholm
















Q&A with SLH Voice Reservation Agent – Rafael

Read our Q&A with our Reservation Agent, Rafael who speaks 6 languages and is learning another 2!

Meet Rafael














The best photo spots in Taormina, Italy

Read luxury travel and lifestyle blogger, Amelia Liana's top 5 best photo spots in the stunning Taormina, Sicily.

Discover Taormina
















Making a splash in Mexico’s Cenotes

Step back in time and explore the wild and wonderful cenotes of Mexico’s Yucatán peninsula – dive into dark caves or relax in a real-life rainforest oasis.

Take a dip on the wild side














SLH's Top Honeymoon Destinations

Read SLH's top picks for a truly luxurious honeymoon, from private Balienese swimming pools to dolphin watching in the Philippines.

Plan your honeymoon
















How to plan a romantic road trip around the Amalfi Coast

Take a romantic road trip around the Amalfi Coast with mini-moon friendly routes around sensational scenery, idyllic Italian beaches and hilltop towns.

Tour the Amalfi Coast














Stroll, cycle or tram your way around Nice

Soak up the sights, seascapes and style of Nice by bicycle, tram or by foot with this city (and beach) guide to the Côte d’Azur capital of chic.

Explore Nice
















City chic or island style?

Toss a coin for your luxury trip to Croatia: will it be a buzzing, historic city on the coast or a peaceful retreat on an island wrapped up in natural beauty?

two sides to Croatia














Explore the jewels of the Emerald Coast

Uncover the jewels of northern Sardinia’s Emerald Coast with insider tips on how to travel around its beautiful, natural charms and extraordinary history.

Sardinia's Northern Stars
















Spotlight on southern Cyprus

Set out and explore southern Cyprus from Limassol – a buzzing base that puts historic treasures, luxury cruises and beautiful scenery right at your fingertips.

Limassol with love














5 things to do on rainy days in Paris

Work out what to do on a city break in Paris on rainy days, when staying indoors doesn’t mean missing out – whether you like art or film, science or shopping.

Discover Paris
















Mykonos has been setting trends and stealing hearts

Join the ‘in crowd’ or journey to hidden beaches and historical ruins, dive into turquoise seas or dip into tantalising nightlife on Greece’s Mykonos island.

Enjoy Mykonos














Top 5 Foodie Reasons to Visit Bordeaux

Let The Foodaholic take you on a tour of gastronomy and fine wine in Bordeaux, as he reveals the top 5 foodie reasons to visit Bordeaux.

Discover Bordeaux
















Thai tips with Food journalist, Natalie Scarr

Delve into a world of delicious cuisine with food journalist Natalie Scarr, who uncovers her secret tips on where to find the best bites in Bangkok.

Taste of Thailand














Up and coming Europe

See Europe through fresh eyes with our selection of luxury travel ideas beyond the continental classics, from standout city breaks to off-beat beach holidays.

Explore Europe
















Five ways to experience Fiji

Explore every side of Fiji with a taste of the sun, surf, seafood and sights this South Pacific island string has to offer– from coast to coast and sea to sky.

Fiji - five ways














The sky’s the limit: your top views of Bangkok

See Bangkok the easy way with a bird’s-eye view of this amazing city – from its chic skyscraper bars and restaurants to rooftop pools and ancient temples.

Explore Bangkok
















Exploring the barrios of Barcelona

Make yourself at home in the diverse neighbourhoods of Barcelona, with inside tips on exploring the Gothic Quarter through to lesser-visited spots like Sarrià.

Discover Barcelona














Going Eco in Amsterdam

Discover a world of ecotourism and sustainability in green Amsterdam, with cutting-edge dining options, funky cycling paths and sustainable, stylish shopping.

Explore Amsterdam
















In the Know with an SLH Mystery Inspector

Uncover the secrets to the SLH Mystery Inspection programme with an in-depth Q&A with one of our luxury gurus.

Go undercover














Fall in love with SLH

Discover the secrets behind true love and where you should be taking your partner for a romantic getaway with professional matchmaker Katarina Nemcova.

for the love of Travel
















48-hours of bliss on Lake Como

Relax like an A-Lister or dine like a king – here are our favourite ways to while away 48-hours in enchanting, eclectic and exclusive Lake Como.

Explore Lake Como














Why Ibiza should be on your 2017 luxury list

See a different side to Ibiza where hideaway coves, luxury sailing and cosmopolitan beach clubs are luring grown-up visitors seeking more than just partying.

Discover Luxurious Ibiza
















How to find the perfect adults-only hotel break

Where to go for an adults-only hotel stay – whether it’s a European city break with a difference, a tropical beach escape or an out-of-the-ordinary island getaway.

No kids allowed














The Maldives laid bare

Go beyond the picture-perfect clichés and discover the wild and wonderful side of the Maldives – from midnight snorkelling safaris to local cookery lessons.

Explore The Maldives
















The other side to La: beyond the myths and legends

Uncover another side of Los Angeles and swap the typical tourist traps for hiking routes and heritage towns, vintage shopping and surfing counter culture.

Bust the myth














quick chat with luxury expert Tiffany Dowd

Discover the latest luxury travel trends with industry aficionado Tiffany Dowd, who divulges her top picks for the hot spots of the upcoming season.

Q&A with Tiffany Dowd
















X marks the spot: mapping Italy’s secret beaches

Get the key to Italy’s secret beaches, bays and islands, from Sicily and Sardinia to Positano and Puglia – and find out what to do when you get to them.

Uncover Italy's Secret Beaches














Embark on a cultural treasure hunt in Bali

Discover the unexpected, authentic Bali – from its year-round festivals and traditional rituals to its lively art and music scene.

Explore Bali
















Seek the Zanzibar spice of life

Discover the seven lesser-known treasures and never-forgotten experiences of Zanzibar. Run through the ingredients for a luxury escape with a difference, from historic Stone Town to beautiful beaches and traditional cultures.

Discover Zanzibar














Going underground in London

Take in a daringly different view of London by exploring its underground, edgier attractions and above-ground luxury hotels over the course of 24 hours.

Go underground
















Far from the Backpacking Crowd: Discover Phuket

Get away from the backpacker crowd and find your piece of unspoilt luxury with a guide to the best beaches in Phuket – from Banana Beach and Bang Tao to Ao Sane.

Lose the backpackers














Secrets of Southern Mallorca

Leave the holiday herds behind and discover the secret side of Mallorca, uncovering the places and experiences loved by the people who know best: the locals.

Uncover Mallorca
















bye bye bauhaus - discover ancient tel aviv

Tel Aviv is not just a bustling metropolis that pulses with energy 24 hours a day, but its history is beyond epic. Explore the city's old town, parts of which are so historic they are mentioned in the Bible.

uncover ancient tel aviv














Off the beaten track in Crete

Discover the many sides of Crete on this journey spanning the wild west, the idyllic east and everything in between on this awe-inspiring Greek island.

Explore Crete
















Insider Tips for Independent Minds: Marrakech

Live like a local in Marrakech. Read our guide’s top tips on where to eat, what to buy and where to go…

Discover Marrakech














beat the blues with Olympic gold

We chat with Olympic gold medallist Laura Unsworth on how to beat those pesky winter blues.

Read Q&A here
















From South Beach to the Space Coast

Leave the Spring Breakers behind by staying at the boutique hotels of Miami Beach before travelling south to Key West or tracking the coast north.

Road-tripping around South Florida














In the Know - Anthi Kadianakis

There’s no one more In the Know than our hoteliers. We spoke to hotelier Anthi Kadianakis, Owner of Elounda Gulf Villas & Suites in Crete.

Discover Crete
















Top travel tips for 2017 with SLH CEO Filip Boyen

We’ve compiled a list of 2017 travel trends including sizzling hot destinations, travel fashions not yet noticed and hotels that are simply unmissable.

Get In the Know with Filip Boyen














grape adventures in Bordeaux

Grape adventures with vinothérapie in Bordeaux. A peek inside the original wine spa: Les Sources de Caudalie.

Discover vinothérapie
















Go from city to country on the Australian craft ale trail

Craft ale is huge in Australia and anyone who finds themselves on the west coast will be in luck. Not only are Perth and Margaret River known for their wine, now there's no reason to choose between grape and grain.

Explore Australia














48 hours in Singapore

Read our 48 hour guide to Singapore. From what to do to where to eat, find out how not to fall into the tourist trap.

Discover Singapore
















The north-south divide: An end-to-end look at Mauritius

There’s much more to see than the inside of a parasol - with two sides to this exotic island. Bustling markets in the north? Or the quieter, rugged nature of the south?

Explore Mauritius














5 little-known Caribbean islands

Say ‘Caribbean’ and it’s easy to picture the beaches that grace the covers of travel brochures. Don’t despair – there is hope on the horizon with these five lesser-visited gems.

Discover the Caribbean
















Getting lost in Lisbon

Here’s our off-the-beaten-track guide to 24-hours of cool (and just a bit of custard) in the city of seven hills. 24 hours in the city that (really) never sleeps.

Lose yourself in Lisbon














The art of treasure hunting in Marrakech

Discover hidden treasure and curious wonders at the magic souks of Marrakech, where flavours and colours merge seamlessly.

Discover the magic souks
















FROM SLOPE TO SILVER SERVICE IN FRANCE

The French Alps offer some of the world's best ski slopes, but it's the silver service dining that really dazzles.

Hit the slopes














beyond the beach in Mexico

Mexico is famed for its blissful beaches, but so much lies beyond its sunny shores. Discover the vibrant cultural activities of this colourful nation.

Discover Mexico
















Off-beat & unforgettable nightlife in New York

Find out where to stay up late in the city that never sleeps! A late-night wonderland full of style and fizzing with creativity awaits, so discover the best hidden bars and off-the-wall entertainment the city has to offer.

Explore New York Nightlife














A taste of the Cotswolds

The Cotswolds has it all: thatched cottages, ancient manor houses, fabulous restaurants, ultra-luxury hotels and chocolate-box villages. But where do you begin?

Discover the Cotswolds
















Discovering Sri Lanka

Discover the vibrant culture, white-sand beaches and luxury boutique hotels of Asia's hottest destination, which offers a seamless mix of serenity and style.

The secrets of Sri Lanka














Eight out-of-this-world spa experiences

On mountain tops and in caves, overlooking rainforests and urban jungles – and always in luxury spa hotels. Explore our truly unique spa experiences.

More on luxury spas
















A guide to the buzzing barrios of Buenos Aires

Read SLH’s guide on what to see and where to be seen in Buenos Aires. Delve a little deeper and you’ll discover there’s more to this city than tango, steak and Malbec.

Experience Buenos Aires














Scotland's great outdoors

Discover the natural beauty of Scotland with its mystical caves, pristine lochs and picturesque historic castles along the stunning coastline.

Discover Scotland
















Swap the backpack for boutique in Thailand

Discover SLH’s guide to Thai island hopping for grown-ups. Island hopping is easy and means you can stay in one über-luxury hotel after another.

Uncover Thai Islands






















About Us



SLH INVITED



Contact Us



About SLH



Hotel Gift Certificates



Best Rate Promise





Useful links



Media Relations



Press Releases



Partnerships & Charities



Travel Agents



Hotel Membership





Top destinations



Italy



Spain



USA



Maldives



New Zealand





Top cities



Paris



London



New York



Singapore



Tokyo











Call us 24/7
0800 740 173

contact@slh.com




Facebook

Twitter

Pinterest

Instagram

Youtube

Google

LinkedIn

Blogger





Download on the App Store

Android app on Google Play










© 2017 Small Luxury Hotels of the World
™






Terms



Privacy Policy



Jobs



Hotel Membership



Private Residences













Close





Join with email

or

Join with facebook

Join with google


Already an
INVITED
member?
Sign In
















Close



Arriving



i

Restrictions for









Available




Available with restrictions, click for details




Not available online (please call us on 0800 0482 314)




Not available












Nights:



1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

20

21

22

23

24

25

26

27

28





Adults:



1

2

3

4

5

6
























