

British Airways and Elegant Resorts




















Sign In





E-mail





E-Brochures





Blog







Call Us


Call Our

Travel Consultants

UK opening times today: 08:30 - 18:00











Call Our Travel Consultants



Caribbean & Mexico
01244 897 991

Europe & North Africa
01244 897 771

Indian Ocean, Arabian Gulf & Middle East
01244 897 881

Luxury Villas
01244 897 441

The Americas (Canada North & South America)
01244 897 221

Ski & Snowboard
01244 897 331

Africa
01244 897 111

Luxury Cruise
01244 897 200

Asia & Australia
01244 897 551

General Enquiries
01244 897 505












Luxury Destinations

Holiday Styles

Luxury Offers

Inspirations

About Us

Contact Us

Request A Quote



Search



Menu

Chat

Call

Search






Africa
Botswana
Kenya
Madagascar
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Rwanda
South Africa
Tanzania
Zambia
Zanzibar
Arabian Gulf
Abu Dhabi
Bahrain
Dubai
Oman
Ras Al Khaimah
Asia
Bhutan
Borneo
Burma (Myanmar)
Cambodia
China
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia
Laos
Malaysia
Philippines
Singapore
Sri Lanka
Thailand
Vietnam
Australasia
Australia
French Polynesia
New Zealand
Caribbean
Anguilla
Antigua
Barbados
Bermuda
Dominican Republic
Grenada
Jamaica
St Barths
St Kitts and Nevis
St Lucia
St Vincent and The Grenadines
The Bahamas
The British Virgin Islands
Turks and Caicos
Europe
Andorra
Austria
Canary Islands
Croatia
Cyprus
France
Greece
Ireland
Italy
Monaco
Montenegro
Portugal
Spain
Switzerland
United Kingdom
Indian Ocean
Maldives
Mauritius
Seychelles
North America
Canada
Mexico
United States of America
South America
Argentina
Brazil
Chile
Ecuador
Peru







Luxury Destinations

Holiday Styles

Luxury Offers

Inspiration

About Us

Contact Us

Request A Quote

Sign In

E-Mail

News

Blog

E-Brochures

Vacancies









Call One of Our Travel Consultants



Caribbean And Mexico
01244 897 991

Europe & North Africa
01244 897 771

Indian Ocean, Arabian Gulf  Middle East
01244 897 881

Luxury Villas
01244 897 441

The Americas (Canada North & South America)
01244 897 221

Ski & Snowboard
01244 897 331

Africa
01244 897 111

Luxury Cruise
01244 897 200

Asia & Australia
01244 897 551

General Enquiries
01244 897 505






Holiday Finder












British Airways








Home

>

Our Partners

>

BRITISH AIRWAYS



BRITISH AIRWAYS




You're in good hands when you fly with British Airways. They will do everything they can to ensure you have a smooth and comfortable journey, so you can just sit back, relax and enjoy what's on offer.

On the ground and in the air, British Airways sets itself the highest standard in everything it does. So whichever cabin you choose to travel in, you can be sure your holiday will get off to a flying start.

One of the world’s longest established airlines with origins dating back to 1919, British Airways has always been proud of delivering the highest standards of customer service. British Airways is the UK's largest international scheduled airline, flying to over 550 destinations at convenient times, to the best located airports.


British Airways Terminal 5


British Airways dedicated Terminal 5 is light and spacious, featuring the latest technology. Using the Check-In Kiosks and Fast Bag Drops will leave you with more time to enjoy the facilities of the lounges and the 112 shops, bars and restaurants, which include Harrods and Prada, as well as Carluccio’s which brings a taste of the West End to the terminal (British Airways Premium Lounge).






Check In Without The Stress



Start your journey from the comfort of your own home, office or hotel by checking in online * from 24 hours before your flight departs and minimise the queues at the airport.
Click here
to ‘Manage my Booking’ on line with British Airways.

You can select your preferred seat and print your boarding pass, all on your home PC

If you don’t have online access you can still save time by using a self-service check-in kiosk at the airport, giving you the same seating and boarding pass options as online check-in.

Afterwards, maximise your free time by leaving your baggage at a bag drop, allowing you to shop, dine, relax as you chose before boarding your flight.


* On line check in and boarding pass printing is only available on selected routes.



Classes of Air Travel


World Traveller
+




When you fly World Traveller, you can relax in the knowledge that everything will be taken care of, allowing you to simply sit back and enjoy what’s on offer.

Everything has been designed with your comfort in mind. Your ergonomically designed seat comes with lumbar support, headrest and recline.

The friendly and professional crew are always on hand, providing a complimentary bar service throughout your flights as well as tasty meals.



Word Traveller Plus
+




For an affordable premium, enjoy the luxury of 20% more personal space than World Traveller with an additional seven inches legroom and a wider seat.

Make yourself comfortable in your armchair style seat that comes with adjustable head, foot and leg rest and therefore arrive in good shape at your destination.

Relax and take advantage of the quieter, stress-free surroundings of the smaller and more private cabin with a maximum of six rows.

Enjoy an upgraded dining experience and other additional amenities that are designed with your comfort and well being in mind.



Club World
+




Choosing Club World means travelling in comfort and freedom. Dedicated departure Lounges and Elemis Travel Spa* are designed to give you choice before your flight, whether you wish to relax, dine or be pampered.

The new Club World seats give you your own space and time to do what you want, when you want. Bigger, wider and more comfortable than ever, you can guarantee complete comfort in any position.

The very best in local and international cuisine is served, along with a dedicated wine cellar.

But, if you are still peckish you are free to help yourself to healthy snacks and tasty treats from the new Club World kitchen.



First
+




First lounges are elegant and calm, a perfect sanctuary away from the world to enjoy refreshments and spend your time as you wish.*

Enjoy waiter service dining in the First lounge*, giving you maximum sleep time onboard.

Your demi-cabin is your sanctuary in the sky, a discreetly serviced and smartly equipped haven of calm where your well being is catered for.

Specially trained First crew will provide you with a discreet yet attentive service, ensuring that all your personal needs are taken care of.

Choose from a renowned A la Carte menu and your meal will be prepared to order.

Delicious lighter options are offered and if you’re flying from London you could enjoy the ‘Catch of the Day’, a selection of wild fish supplied by Loch Fyne.



Euro Traveller
+




Enjoy the convenience of a frequent schedule and flights to Europe’s most centrally located airports with the reliable, efficient and friendly service you expect from British Airways.

Going on a family holiday/travelling as a couple or with a group of friends? No matter whom you’re travelling with, you can prepare for your trip before you go and save time at the airport. Check in your fellow travellers, choose your seats and print your own boarding pass before you’ve even packed your suitcase.

With comfortable leather seats, the Euro Traveller economy cabin meets the standards you’d expect from British Airways. Catch up on the latest news with a selection of complimentary newspapers. Or simply rest and enjoy the flight.



Club Europe
+




Enjoy a smoother experience when you fly. Club Europe combines flexibility and personal control with the reassurance and attentive service you’d expect from British Airways.

Enjoy the tranquillity of a dedicated lounge where you can rest, catch up on some work or enjoy refreshments before your flight.

Relax, eat and work when you need to be in the seclusion and comfort of a separate cabin.

Enjoy the convenience of centrally located airports and non-stop flights.

Attentive service and personal comfort define the Club Europe business class flight experience. On board, you’re invited to enjoy extra legroom, good food and wine in the seclusion of a separate, spacious cabin.

At all times, you can be assured of responsive, efficient service and high standard, making British Airways Club Europe the best choice.

The separate Club Europe cabin at the front of the aircraft gives you the seclusion and space you need to work, eat or relax. Simply sit back in your wide, comfortable, contoured leather seat and enjoy your flight.

Choose from the great refreshments on offer and start your day right. Take a look at the mouth-watering menu, with its selection of hot and cold dishes, perfectly suited to the time of day.  If you’re flying in the morning, choose between a full English or a Continental breakfast on every flight longer than an hour.

If you’re on a well-deserved holiday, why not celebrate with a glass of champagne? A complimentary bar is available on every flight, ensuring you’re refreshed and revitalised throughout your journey.






Barbados Premium Check-In Your Personal Check-In


Check-In at The Jet Centre away from the crowds and relax in the exclusive VIP lounge before being driven directly to your aircraft*

Unwind in your air-conditioned car while you check in and your luggage is tagged, before being escorted to the luxurious VIP lounge**


* Only available on Club World.
** Only available in First.



Audio Visual On Demand (AVOD)


Currently being rolled out across longhaul routes, AVOD gives you over 200 film,TV, music and games* options all available on-demand so that you can watch what you want, when you want. **


* Games are not available in World Traveller.
** Not available on aircraft fitted with a 12 channel in-flight entertainment system.








Why Choose Elegant Resorts


As the foremost British pioneer of luxury travel – and boasting an ever-increasing collection of prestigious accolades that celebrates this – Elegant Resorts is a tour operator with the expertise, knowledge and reputation to deliver only the very finest tailor-made luxury holidays to our clients, honed by almost thirty years of experience in this niche travel business.

Read More

Independent Reviews

Don't just take our word for it. Read our independent reviews that our luxury travel clients have posted on Feefo.


Visit our Feefo page









The Elegant Resorts
Luxury Travel App

Our travel app is the perfect companion to take with you on your Elegant Resorts Luxury holiday and is the perfect complement to our personal luxury travel expertise.


Read More


Available on Android and iOS










Call :
01244 897 505

Call Now:
01244 897 505

Special
Offers

Live Chat







Follow Us


Facebook

Twitter

Youtube

Blog

Instagram




Trusted Partners
















Contact Us

Register

Travel Agency Register

Press

News

Booking Conditions

T&Cs

Privacy

Accessibility

Cookies

Q&A

Vacancies

Sitemap

Feedback

FCO Travel Advice

Modern Slavery Statement






































