

FAQ| Luxury Holidays Questions and Answers | Elegant Resorts




















Sign In





E-mail





E-Brochures





Blog







Call Us


Call Our

Travel Consultants

UK opening times today: 08:30 - 18:00











Call Our Travel Consultants



Caribbean & Mexico
01244 897 991

Europe & North Africa
01244 897 771

Indian Ocean, Arabian Gulf & Middle East
01244 897 881

Luxury Villas
01244 897 441

The Americas (Canada North & South America)
01244 897 221

Ski & Snowboard
01244 897 331

Africa
01244 897 111

Luxury Cruise
01244 897 200

Asia & Australia
01244 897 551

General Enquiries
01244 897 505












Luxury Destinations

Holiday Styles

Luxury Offers

Inspirations

About Us

Contact Us

Request A Quote



Search



Menu

Chat

Call

Search






Africa
Botswana
Kenya
Madagascar
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Rwanda
South Africa
Tanzania
Zambia
Zanzibar
Arabian Gulf
Abu Dhabi
Bahrain
Dubai
Oman
Ras Al Khaimah
Asia
Bhutan
Borneo
Burma (Myanmar)
Cambodia
China
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia
Laos
Malaysia
Philippines
Singapore
Sri Lanka
Thailand
Vietnam
Australasia
Australia
French Polynesia
New Zealand
Caribbean
Anguilla
Antigua
Barbados
Bermuda
Dominican Republic
Grenada
Jamaica
St Barths
St Kitts and Nevis
St Lucia
St Vincent and The Grenadines
The Bahamas
The British Virgin Islands
Turks and Caicos
Europe
Andorra
Austria
Canary Islands
Croatia
Cyprus
France
Greece
Ireland
Italy
Monaco
Montenegro
Portugal
Spain
Switzerland
United Kingdom
Indian Ocean
Maldives
Mauritius
Seychelles
North America
Canada
Mexico
United States of America
South America
Argentina
Brazil
Chile
Ecuador
Peru







Luxury Destinations

Holiday Styles

Luxury Offers

Inspiration

About Us

Contact Us

Request A Quote

Sign In

E-Mail

News

Blog

E-Brochures

Vacancies









Call One of Our Travel Consultants



Caribbean And Mexico
01244 897 991

Europe & North Africa
01244 897 771

Indian Ocean, Arabian Gulf  Middle East
01244 897 881

Luxury Villas
01244 897 441

The Americas (Canada North & South America)
01244 897 221

Ski & Snowboard
01244 897 331

Africa
01244 897 111

Luxury Cruise
01244 897 200

Asia & Australia
01244 897 551

General Enquiries
01244 897 505






Holiday Finder












Questions









Home

>

Questions






Q. Prices - how do I find them?

Prices are found on the hotel pages of this website, under the 'Guide Prices' tab. All prices shown on the website are for guidance only and are subject to availability at the time of booking. A tailor-made quotation will be provided at the time of your enquiry and, where seasons are highlighted, your Travel Consultant will be able to clarify dates. Our hotel prices are based on specially negotiated airline, hotel and transfer rates, which can increase, decrease or be restricted. Should our special rates not be available, we shall advise you immediately and offer you the option to reserve your holiday at the higher published rates.

Q. Is my personal information protected?

We take full responsibility for ensuring that proper security measures are in place to protect your information. When you make a booking with us, you agree to us using and disclosing that information to enable us to process your booking, which will include the information being passed on to our third party suppliers (such as hoteliers and airlines), wherever they may be based, and may involve sending your information to countries that do not have an equal level of privacy legislation to that in the UK. Full details of our Data Protection Policy can be found in our Booking Conditions.

Q. What is included in the price?

Unless otherwise stated, all prices shown throughout the website include the following:
Accommodation (grade as shown) based on two persons sharing

Private transfers (shared for some destinations - you will be advised at the time of booking)

Meals as shown (where applicable)

ATOL protection

Taxes and charges

Air passenger duty and security

Aviation fuel costs

Q. What are 'minimum stay restrictions'?

Minimum stay restrictions may apply during peak season, when the usual booking period may be longer  - you will be advised at the time of booking. Supplements may also be levied during peak season bookings: Christmas, New Year, Easter and other school holiday periods.

Q. How do I reserve a specific seat on my flight?

A limited number of seats are available for advance booking. We will do everything possible to meet your seat requests, however no guarantee can be given. Most airlines reserve bulkhead seats for clients requiring a sky cot for infants, while exit seats can only be allocated at check-in and then only to passengers over the age of 16 years old who are physically fit. To request your seats, please mention your requirements to your Travel Consultant at the time of booking.

Q. How can I book a seat with extra legroom?

Seats with extra legroom (i.e. exit or bulkhead seats) can only be allocated on the day of departure by check-in staff to passengers over the age of 16 years old who are physically fit. We therefore recommend that you check-in 3 hours prior to departure.

Q. How do I make a meal request?

We are more than happy to pass on special dietary requirements to airlines and hotels on your behalf. Please note that we require at least 48 hours' notice before your departure date to arrange a special meal with an airline. To request a special meal, please mention your requirements to your Travel Consultant at the time of booking or to our Concierge Department after the booking has been invoiced.

Q. How can I book a room for early arrival or late departure?

At some of our featured destinations, flight arrival times are early in the morning and you will arrive at your accommodation before the normal check-in time. In these circumstances, we recommend that accommodation is reserved from the night before, guaranteeing an immediate check-in. Similarly, some flight departure times are late in the evening, after normal check-out time. In this instance, we recommend accommodation is reserved until the day after departure, allowing for a late check-out. Our Travel Consultants will advise you at the time of booking if either of these situations is applicable to your individual holiday arrangements.

Q. What is the difference between a Direct and a Non-stop flight?

The flight routings used in connection with our holidays may be based on special fares, which do not necessarily take the most direct route. Some itineraries require a change of aircraft en route. A flight that is described as direct is one where there is no need to change aircraft during the journey. However, stops may be made en route for re-fuelling or to let passengers on and/or off. Details of any stops will be shown on your itinerary. Should you require this information at an earlier stage, please check with your Travel Agent and/or our Travel Consultants at the time of booking or our Concierge Department when the booking has been invoiced.

Q. I am travelling on my honeymoon, what name should I travel in?

We recommend that you travel in the name that is shown on your passport, which, in most cases, will be your maiden name. If you wish to travel in your married name but your passport is still in your maiden name, some airlines will allow this at a nominal charge.

Q. My name has been spelt incorrectly on my invoice/ I have given Elegant Resorts the incorrect spelling of a passenger name, what do I do?

If a title, first name or surname of any passenger travelling has been spelt incorrectly on your booking confirmation, please contact your Travel Consultant immediately.

Q. Can I make changes to my booking - e.g. passenger name change?

If, after our confirmation invoice has been issued, you wish to change your travel arrangements in any way e.g. passenger name change, we will do our best to make these changes, but it will not always be possible. Any request for changes must be made in writing by the person who made the booking (or your travel agent). You will have to pay an administration charge of £25, plus any further costs we incur making the alteration. N.B. Certain travel arrangements cannot be changed after a reservation has been made and any alteration request could incur a cancellation charge of up to 100% of that part of the arrangements.

Q. Can I add extras to my booking?

To make your stay extra special (or for celebrations such as a birthday or anniversary), Elegant Resorts can arrange special touches for your arrival or during your stay, such as wine, Champagne, flowers or chocolates. Please contact your Travel Consultant for further information and prices.

Q. What is the luggage allowance on my flight?

Airlines measure your luggage allowance by one of two ways: either by weight or by the piece system. The details of both systems listed below are to be used as a guideline only, as allowances may vary from airline to airline:

Weight: The weight allowance depends on your class of travel:

Economy or Premium Economy/World Traveller Plus - 20 kg per person

Business/Club Class - 30 kg per person

First Class - 40 kg per person.

Piece System: The piece system is based on the number of items of luggage that you are allowed to check-in.

Q. Can I ask family and friends to contribute towards the cost of my holiday e.g. as a wedding present?

Gift Vouchers can be purchased for any reason and for any amount - e.g. birthdays, honeymoons, anniversaries, retirements and wedding presents - the choice is yours. To request your voucher, simply contact our Travel Consultants.

Q. How can I be sure the resort is safe?

Health and safety is a prime subject for everyone who travels the world today and we would ask that you observe good housekeeping habits and a common sense approach. Your personal welfare is our priority and we ask that you are fully aware of security and health and safety whilst overseas. Petty crimes, robberies and muggings can occur anywhere in the world, although the chances of anything unpleasant happening will be considerably reduced if you take a few simple precautions. Whilst out and about, try not to carry a lot of cash with you and always leave your passport, unnecessary travellers cheques and any expensive jewellery in a secure place.

Q. Do I need a visa? Do I need to check my passport before I travel?

British citizens holding a 10-year UK passport (5 years for children), issued in the UK, should note that some overseas countries have an immigration requirement for a passport to remain valid for a minimum period after the date of entry to that country (typically 6 months). Please note some countries require 2-3 blank pages at the end of your passport.
 Non-British citizen passport holders, British citizens holding a UK Passport issued abroad or holders of British Subject Passports should contact the appropriate consulate or embassy for advice.
 Passport and visa regulations can change - please check with your Travel Consultant or the relevant embassy well in advance of travel.
 Apply early: If you need to apply for a passport, or renew an expired passport, you should do so well in advance of travel and at least four weeks before. If you are 16 years or over and have never had a passport in your own name, you should apply for one at least six weeks before your holiday. The UK passport service has to confirm your identity before issuing your first passport and will ask you to attend an interview in order to protect your identity.
 If a visa is required, don't leave it until the last minute - allow plenty of time.
 You may not be able to travel and insurance may be invalid if the names on your passport and travel documents don't match. If any member of your party changes their name, we must be notified immediately so that we can change booking documentation.
 All passengers must ensure they have valid, acceptable passports, any required visa, any other documentation for both the final destination and any stop-off points en-route.
 Ensure Advance Passenger Information is submitted in advance of travel for all destinations.
 Failure to hold correct documentation or submitting incorrect details with Advance Passenger Information or visa applications may result in refusal of carriage or entry to a country. Neither we, nor the airline will accept liability if this happens.
 You may be liable to pay fines, surcharges, other financial penalties, costs (including the cost of an immediate return flight) and any other sums of any description, which are incurred or imposed by the airline or incurred by us.
How to contact the Passport Office: General passport enquiries should be directed to the Passport Office. Visit: www.direct.gov.uk/passports or telephone: 0300 222 0000.
How to find out about visa requirements: The Foreign and Commonwealth Travel Advice Unit provides information about visa requirements and also provides contact details for relevant embassies. Visit:
www.gov.uk/fco
. Alternatively, e-mail
traveladvicepublicenquiries@fco.gov.uk
, or ask your Travel Consultant.

Please refer to our Holiday Information page for full details.

Q. My children are still on my 10-year passport - is it still ok for them to travel?

All children, including newborn babies, must now have their own individual passport. The child's passport will initially be valid for 5 years, but can be renewed for a further 5 years at the end of this period. However, children included on a valid passport can still continue to travel abroad with the passport holder until the child reaches their 16th birthday. After which, they will be required to obtain a passport in their own name and they must be removed from your passport.

Q. What age restrictions apply to children and infants travelling?

Children are 2-11 years old; infants are under 2.

Q. When is the hurricane season?

There is a 'hurricane season' in the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, Central Mexico and South Eastern Seaboard of America between June and November; the months of August and September being especially susceptible. However, because of the nature of these weather phenomena, it is extremely difficult to provide accurate information. Wherever possible, we will warn you of any threatened hurricane activity before you travel - and, providing accommodation is available, try and change your holiday arrangements. If, however, you are already in resort, we will try and offer you the opportunity to return to the UK or move you to an alternative destination.

Q. What is Ramadan?

The holy month of Ramadan is celebrated throughout Muslim countries and is when Muslims must abstain from food, beverages and cigarettes during daylight hours. Non-Muslims are asked to respect those fasting by also not eating, drinking or smoking in public places from dawn to dusk. However, most hotels provide screened areas for guests to dine in private and, from 6pm onwards, hotel bars and restaurants operate as usual, the exception being Oman, where you may only purchase alcoholic beverages via room service. A conservative dress code should also be strictly observed. It must be remembered, though, that this is a time for celebration and hotels do arrange sumptuous evening feasts in Ramadan tents. In fact, this can be a fascinating time to visit and those guests with a passion for culture will enjoy the unique ambience.

Q. Do I need vaccinations?

All clients are responsible for ensuring that they conform to health regulations of the countries they are visiting and, where necessary, have the required vaccinations and documentation. Whilst many Western European and North American destinations currently have no compulsory inoculation requirements, advice about destinations can change. We strongly recommend that you check with your doctor or seek professional medical advice in respect of vaccinations required for specific areas, as this information is constantly changing and being updated by the country of destination and the Department of Health. In case of accidents or illness, we strongly recommend that you take out adequate insurance cover. Clients travelling to worldwide destinations are recommended to seek advice from
www.gov.uk/fco

www.hpa.org.uk

www.nathnac.org
, your General Practitioner or a specialist clinic and, where recommended, obtain vaccinations or tablets for protection against, for example: Malaria, Hepatitis A, Polio and Typhoid. Biting insects (including mosquitoes) are common in many countries and they can spread disease (e.g. Dengue Fever and Malaria). Insect repellents, especially those containing DEET, can be useful in helping to prevent bites. In some cases, treatments for Malaria should begin well in advance of travel. If you are visiting a European Union (EU) country, you should obtain a European Health Insurance Card (EHIC) and take it with you when you travel. The EHIC can be obtained free of charge by completing an application form available from main Post Offices and from www.dh.gov.uk/travellers  Please note, the EHIC is in addition to Travel Insurance, not instead of it.

Q. Do I need travel insurance?

Yes, TRAVEL INSURANCE IS ESSENTIAL. Adequate travel insurance is an important element of any holiday booking. In addition, we recommend that you purchase travel insurance that properly covers your participation in whatever activities you may undertake at the time that you make the booking.

Q. When will I receive my holiday vouchers and airline tickets?

Travel documents are e-mailed, posted or added to our travel app approximately 14 days prior to your date of departure.

Q. Can I manage my booking online with British Airways?

Yes, please
click here
to manage your booking with British Airways.

Q. Does Elegant Resorts have overseas representatives?

Where we do not have an office overseas (Barbados, Dubai, Mauritius and Antigua), Elegant Resorts provides in-resort representation in most areas. Please speak to your Travel Consultant for information on your chosen resort(s).

Q. Where can I find weather information on my holiday destination?

Don't be caught out when packing your suitcase! Make sure you are fully prepared by calling for the latest weather forecast of your chosen holiday destination. Simply visit
www.bbc.co.uk
(Please note: we do not accept responsibility for any information/ content highlighted on third party websites.)

Q. Can Elegant Resorts arrange UK airport car parking?

Yes, we can! We can also arrange UK port parking if you are going on a cruise. Please call and speak to our Travel Consultants.

Q. Can Elegant Resorts arrange UK airport hotels?

Yes, Elegant Resorts can book a selection of UK airport hotels, including Hilton, Radisson and Sofitel. Please contact your Travel Consultant for further information.

Q. What is an E-ticket?

An E-ticket is an electronic ticket used by all airlines where your flight information is issued electronically. All passengers receive an 'E-ticket Passenger Receipt' and, in most cases, you simply need to give your name and flight details and/or airline locator (reservation number) when you arrive at the airline 'Check-In' or 'Bag Drop' desk at the airport. In some instances, you may need to show a copy of your 'E-ticket Passenger Receipt' to enter the airport or when clearing Immigration and Customs. Therefore, it is important that you take a copy of all your 'E-ticket Passenger Receipts' with you when you travel.

Q. What is a ticket on departure?

If you have been advised that your tickets will be given to you on departure, information of where to pick up your tickets will be outlined on your itinerary.

Q. Do you have representation at UK airports?

Yes, Elegant Resorts provides UK airport assistance at all major UK airports - the contact details will be outlined on your itinerary.

Q. Do I need to pay departure tax when leaving my holiday destination?

Certain destinations charge departure tax, payable upon check-in of your departure flight. Full details will be highlighted on your holiday itinerary.

Q. I am travelling to the USA, but flying via a gateway where I change planes. When will I clear immigration?

In the USA, you clear immigration at your first point into the country, regardless of whether you are en route to another destination.


Payment Information


Q. How much is the deposit?

A deposit of 10%* (minimum £250 per person) of the total holiday cost must be paid on completion of a booking. For villa and chalet bookings, a deposit of 30% is required. However, the full amount is payable for all bookings made within 10 weeks of departure. If the booking is not accepted, the deposit will be refunded. In the event that the balance is not paid within 10 weeks of departure, we have the right to cancel your holiday and you will forfeit your deposit.

*Higher deposits may be requested if prepayments to suppliers are necessary.

NB: A selection of our airline fares require full payment at the time of booking and also carry 100% cancellation charges. If this is the case, we will advise you at the time of booking. Elegant Resorts reserves the right to pass on credit card charges for holiday balance payments.

Q. What payment methods do you accept?

Deposit payment is by debit or credit card when you book. We accept Barclaycard, Visa, Access, Mastercard and  American Express.

Q. How can I pay the balance of my Elegant Resorts holiday?

You can send us a cheque made payable to Elegant Resorts (please write your booking reference on the reverse) and  post to Elegant Resorts, Accounts Department, Elegant House, Sandpiper Way, Chester Business Park, Chester, CH4 9QE. Alternatively, you can pay by debit or credit card over the telephone.

Q. What if I want to amend my holiday?

Please contact your Travel Consultant.

Q. Will I get a receipt for my payment?

Where applicable, approximately 10 weeks before departure, you will be sent a final invoice for the full amount, showing the balance payable. This amount must be forwarded to Elegant Resorts within 14 days of the invoice date. Once payment has been received, a final invoice receipt will be sent with your travel documentation.

Q. What if I wish to cancel my holiday?

All cancellations must be made in writing. We are unable to accept verbal cancellations. Please write to your Travel Consultant at Elegant Resorts, Elegant House, Sandpiper Way, Chester Business Park, Chester, CH4 9QE. Cancellation charges are highlighted in our Booking Conditions.


On Return


Q. My flight was delayed - can I claim compensation/what do I do?

In the unlikely event of a delay caused by a non-force majeure incident, responsibility for arrangements for meals, overnight accommodation etc will rest with the airline. Under EU law, you have rights, in some circumstances, to a refund and/or compensation from your airline in cases of denied boarding, cancellation or delay of flights. Full details of these rights will be publicised at EU airports and will also be available from airlines. However, reimbursement in such cases is the responsibility of the airline and will not automatically entitle you to a refund of your holiday cost from us. Your right to a refund and/or compensation from us is set out in clause 9 of our Booking Conditions. If your airline does not comply with these rules, you should complain to the Air Transport Users Council on 020 7240 6061 / www.auc.org.uk

Q. If I have a complaint while on holiday, what should I do?

Should you wish to make a complaint, please immediately inform the relevant supplier (i.e. your hotelier, airline etc) or our resort representative (where applicable), who will endeavour to rectify the problem while you are on holiday. If this does not solve the problem, please telephone the dedicated reservations telephone number, reversing the costs of the call, or call our 24-hour helpline, as detailed on your itinerary.

Q. I have just returned from my Elegant Resorts holiday and would like to complain about a certain aspect of my holiday. How do I do this?

Please send any complaints in writing to: Client Services Department, Elegant Resorts, Elegant House, Sandpiper Way, Chester Business Park, Chester, CH4 9QE. Alternatively, email
clientservices@elegantresorts.co.uk

Q. I have just returned from my holiday and would like to send a letter of thanks for an enjoyable holiday. Who do I write to?

We're pleased to hear you had a wonderful holiday with Elegant Resorts. Please send any comments to: Client Services Department, Elegant Resorts, Elegant House, Sandpiper Way, Chester Business Park, Chester, CH4 9QE. Alternatively, email
clientservices@elegantresorts.co.uk









Call :
01244 897 505

Call Now:
01244 897 505

Special
Offers

Live Chat







Follow Us


Facebook

Twitter

Youtube

Blog

Instagram




Trusted Partners
















Contact Us

Register

Travel Agency Register

Press

News

Booking Conditions

T&Cs

Privacy

Accessibility

Cookies

Q&A

Vacancies

Sitemap

Feedback

FCO Travel Advice

Modern Slavery Statement






































