

Luxury Holidays Terms and Conditions | Elegant Resorts




















Sign In





E-mail





E-Brochures





Blog







Call Us


Call Our

Travel Consultants

UK opening times today: 08:30 - 18:00











Call Our Travel Consultants



Caribbean & Mexico
01244 897 991

Europe & North Africa
01244 897 771

Indian Ocean, Arabian Gulf & Middle East
01244 897 881

Luxury Villas
01244 897 441

The Americas (Canada North & South America)
01244 897 221

Ski & Snowboard
01244 897 331

Africa
01244 897 111

Luxury Cruise
01244 897 200

Asia & Australia
01244 897 551

General Enquiries
01244 897 505












Luxury Destinations

Holiday Styles

Luxury Offers

Inspirations

About Us

Contact Us

Request A Quote



Search



Menu

Chat

Call

Search






Africa
Botswana
Kenya
Madagascar
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Rwanda
South Africa
Tanzania
Zambia
Zanzibar
Arabian Gulf
Abu Dhabi
Bahrain
Dubai
Oman
Ras Al Khaimah
Asia
Bhutan
Borneo
Burma (Myanmar)
Cambodia
China
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia
Laos
Malaysia
Philippines
Singapore
Sri Lanka
Thailand
Vietnam
Australasia
Australia
French Polynesia
New Zealand
Caribbean
Anguilla
Antigua
Barbados
Bermuda
Dominican Republic
Grenada
Jamaica
St Barths
St Kitts and Nevis
St Lucia
St Vincent and The Grenadines
The Bahamas
The British Virgin Islands
Turks and Caicos
Europe
Andorra
Austria
Canary Islands
Croatia
Cyprus
France
Greece
Ireland
Italy
Monaco
Montenegro
Portugal
Spain
Switzerland
United Kingdom
Indian Ocean
Maldives
Mauritius
Seychelles
North America
Canada
Mexico
United States of America
South America
Argentina
Brazil
Chile
Ecuador
Peru







Luxury Destinations

Holiday Styles

Luxury Offers

Inspiration

About Us

Contact Us

Request A Quote

Sign In

E-Mail

News

Blog

E-Brochures

Vacancies









Call One of Our Travel Consultants



Caribbean And Mexico
01244 897 991

Europe & North Africa
01244 897 771

Indian Ocean, Arabian Gulf  Middle East
01244 897 881

Luxury Villas
01244 897 441

The Americas (Canada North & South America)
01244 897 221

Ski & Snowboard
01244 897 331

Africa
01244 897 111

Luxury Cruise
01244 897 200

Asia & Australia
01244 897 551

General Enquiries
01244 897 505






Holiday Finder












Terms and Conditions









Home

>

Terms and Conditions





Pricing Terms & Conditions


Offers
The following applies to all Elegant Resorts offers and incentives displayed on the website, within e-mailers or printed in the form of direct mails, brochures or advertisements within the media.
-	 All offers and incentives are for new bookings only, confirmed after the published date, and are not combinable with any other offer, unless otherwise specified.
-	All offers are based on two adults travelling, including economy flights from the UK and resort transfers.
-	Offers must be booked within the time period stated and travel must be completed within the validity dates, unless otherwise specified.
-	All offers are subject to flight and accommodation availability, and are only applicable for the airlines and hotels mentioned within the offer, unless otherwise specified.
-	Offers may only apply to certain room categories and are applicable for selective dates only. Please request further details at time of enquiry.
-	All offer prices are correct at the time of publication but are subject to change daily, based on variations of exchange rates, airline fares and taxes.
-	All quotations provided by Elegant Resorts are valid for 7 days.
On occasion, Elegant Resorts may publish offers or incentives that are only applicable to specific client types at the time of publication; New clients offers are only applicable to clients who have not travelled with Elegant Resorts in the last 5 years; Nursery client offers are only applicable to clients who have travelled once with Elegant Resorts in the last 5 years; Repeat clients offers are only applicable to clients who have travelled twice with Elegant Resorts in the last 5 years; Loyal clients offers are only applicable to clients who have travelled three times with Elegant Resorts in the last 5 years; The Chairman's Club offers are only applicable to clients who have been invited by Elegant Resorts into The Chairman's Club.
All Elegant Resorts offers only apply to lead clients over 18 years old, and are only applicable to one booking per household.

The Chairman's Club Loyalty programme
The Chairman's Club Loyalty programme is operated by Elegant Resorts Ltd and is available to all clients meeting the specified criteria. All cards issued remain the property of Elegant Resorts, which reserves the right to (a) terminate the scheme (b) decline to issue a card or (c) withdraw or cancel a card. Members may be removed from the scheme at the discretion of Elegant Resorts Ltd. Members will receive rewards on all qualifying expenditure, which is currently calculated at a rate of 1 reward point to every £1.00 spent. The points will only be added to the members account at the time of departure, subject to full payment being received upon the balance due date and cannot be added at the time of booking. Reward points will be earned for direct package and accommodation-only bookings and will not be awarded for cancelled or flight-only bookings. The current redemption value of reward points will vary dependent upon the member's card, but is currently between 0.02p and 0.005p per point. Elegant Resorts Ltd reserves the right to vary the rate at any time. Reward points have no cash redemption value and cannot be exchanged, sold or transferred to another card member's account. Reward points will not be earned on the proportion of a booking paid by vouchers earned from the scheme. Reward points will be converted to credit annually on 30 September, and will be mailed in a statement to the member during October. The credit provided can be used as part or full payment against any future booking entered within the following 12 month period. If this booking is subsequently cancelled, any overpayment would be paid back to the member in the form of credit.
Promotional Incentives and Vouchers
Elegant Resorts vouchers and incentives are valid for direct and new bookings only. No refunds or credit will be given against vouchers, they are not transferable; cannot be exchanged for cash and no alternatives will be offered.
Vouchers cannot be redeemed for the purchase (in whole or in part) of another voucher; or for cash or for transactions which have already been processed by Elegant Resorts. 
Vouchers will be deducted off the holiday price when Elegant Resorts receives either a copy of the voucher or the voucher reference number. 
The voucher value must be used in full and vouchers cannot be used in conjunction with any other marketing promotion from Elegant Resorts. 
Vouchers will expire 12 months from the date of issue, unless otherwise specified. 
A booking using a voucher must be made, but does not have to be taken, before this date unless otherwise stated. If the booking costs more than the value of the voucher, the difference is payable by the client in accordance with the terms relating to payment contained in the Booking Terms and Conditions.
All bookings paid for by vouchers will still require a deposit to be paid, which may not be refundable if the holiday is cancelled. 
All Elegant Resorts voucher promotions only apply to clients aged 18 years and over, booking a minimum six-night holiday.
Agent vouchers need to be claimed within three months of booking by emailing
incentives@elegantresorts.co.uk

and will be sent to the agent within four weeks of the client's departure.
Recommend a Friend
Recommend a Friend incentives must be claimed in writing by e-mailing your friend's name and full address to:
marketing@elegantresorts.co.uk

or by completing the relevant forms, prior to your friend's travel date. 
Your recommendation will only be registered upon receipt of your written confirmation, unless otherwise stated in the promotion. Elegant Resorts will confirm receipt of your recommendation in writing. Friends are required to book their holiday within two years of being recommended. The value of your friend's holiday must be a minimum of £15,000. The holiday must have been paid for in full (and the holiday completed in its entirety) before referrer earns their reward. The reward amount is 0.5%, which will be credited to the profile of the referrer and must be used towards a future luxury holiday booked through Elegant Resorts.
General
Elegant Resorts' standard Booking Conditions apply and are detailed on our website.
Travel Insurance
Travel insurance is not included in the promotions, but it is strongly recommended that you take out adequate insurance suitable for your needs before you travel.
Credit Card Charges
Prices advertised apply to payment by cash or debit card. A 2% charge will apply to payment made by credit card.

Website Terms & Conditions
Copyright
Copyright or similar rights in all design, text, graphics, the selection and arrangement thereof and all software compilations, underlying source code, software and all other material on the Site is owned by Elegant Resorts or their content or technology providers. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Use of the materials on the Site, including reproduction, distribution or modification, without the prior written permission of Elegant Resorts is prohibited.
Use of the Website
You acknowledge that your use of the Site and submittal of an enquiry form does not constitute a contract or other agreement between you and Elegant Resorts and that the Site only provides a location for Elegant Resorts to advertise their products and services.
Browse at Your Own Risk
Please note that you access and use the Site at your own risk. Elegant Resorts is not responsible for any type of loss or damage which you may sustain as a result of accessing and using the Site. Elegant Resorts assumes no responsibility for the contents of any other websites to which the Site has links and if you access any such linked websites, you do so at your own risk. The Site is accessed via the world-wide web ("WWW") which is independent of Elegant Resorts. Your use of the WWW is at your own risk and subject to all applicable national and international laws and regulations. Elegant Resorts has no responsibility for any information or services obtained by you on the WWW. Elegant Resorts reserves the right to modify, supplement, move or delete portions of or add to the Site at any time with or without notice.
Disclaimer
All information concerning the hotels and resorts used by Elegant Resorts is continually checked to ensure that the information provided on the Site is correct. Every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of descriptions and information. However, we are not always able to control all the components of the holiday arrangements and it is possible that an advertised facility may be withdrawn or changed due to weather conditions, lack of demand or for hotel maintenance, renovation etc.
Security
All information will be kept as confidential and as secure as possible through the use of Elegant Resorts' secure server software. This means that the information can only be exchanged between you, Elegant Resorts and any third party to whom Elegant Resorts decides to transfer the information to for the purposes detailed above.
Use of Cookies
Elegant Resorts may use cookie technology to collect data from the visits a person has made to parts of the Site. Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored in a designated file on your computer. This information allows Elegant Resorts to know what pages are of interest to users and what pages may be of less interest. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to deny or accept the cookie feature.
Governing Law and General Provisions
The Site and these terms and conditions will be governed by English and Welsh Law. The English and Welsh courts will have exclusive jurisdiction over any disputed arising in relation thereto. If any part of these terms and conditions is found void and unenforceable, it will not affect the validity of the balance of these terms and conditions, which shall remain valid and enforceable.
Navigating this Website
To navigate through this website when you have gone beyond the home page, please use the menus at the top, left hand side and bottom of each page.
Style Sheets
You may import your own into this website by doing the following:
In Internet Explorer, select 'Tools', then 'Internet Options', and then 'Accessibility'. Next, click on any or all of three check boxes to ignore colours, font styles or font sizes. In the same window, you can change your style sheet by clicking the check box that says 'Format Document Using My Style Sheet', then simply browse to your style sheet and click 'Ok'. In Netscape, select 'Edit', then 'Preferences' and then 'Appearance'. You will then be given the choice to specify your own colours and fonts. If you are using an alternative browser, please refer to the specific.
Feedback
We have tested this website thoroughly and are always keen to improve our accessibility tools. We would like to know if you have found this website accessible or if you have had any problems. Please email
website.comments@elegantresorts.co.uk
with any queries or comments.
Our Address
Elegant Resorts, Elegant House, Sandpiper Way, Chester Business Park, Chester, CH4 9QE.







Call :
01244 897 505

Call Now:
01244 897 505

Special
Offers

Live Chat







Follow Us


Facebook

Twitter

Youtube

Blog

Instagram




Trusted Partners
















Contact Us

Register

Travel Agency Register

Press

News

Booking Conditions

T&Cs

Privacy

Accessibility

Cookies

Q&A

Vacancies

Sitemap

Feedback

FCO Travel Advice

Modern Slavery Statement






































