

The Elegant Resorts Luxury Travel App





















Sign In





E-mail





E-Brochures





Blog







Call Us


Call Our

Travel Consultants

UK opening times today: 08:30 - 18:00











Call Our Travel Consultants



Caribbean & Mexico
01244 897 991

Europe & North Africa
01244 897 771

Indian Ocean, Arabian Gulf & Middle East
01244 897 881

Luxury Villas
01244 897 441

The Americas (Canada North & South America)
01244 897 221

Ski & Snowboard
01244 897 331

Africa
01244 897 111

Luxury Cruise
01244 897 200

Asia & Australia
01244 897 551

General Enquiries
01244 897 505












Luxury Destinations

Holiday Styles

Luxury Offers

Inspirations

About Us

Contact Us

Request A Quote



Search



Menu

Chat

Call

Search






Africa
Botswana
Kenya
Madagascar
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Rwanda
South Africa
Tanzania
Zambia
Zanzibar
Arabian Gulf
Abu Dhabi
Bahrain
Dubai
Oman
Ras Al Khaimah
Asia
Bhutan
Borneo
Burma (Myanmar)
Cambodia
China
Hong Kong
India
Indonesia
Laos
Malaysia
Philippines
Singapore
Sri Lanka
Thailand
Vietnam
Australasia
Australia
French Polynesia
New Zealand
Caribbean
Anguilla
Antigua
Barbados
Bermuda
Dominican Republic
Grenada
Jamaica
St Barths
St Kitts and Nevis
St Lucia
St Vincent and The Grenadines
The Bahamas
The British Virgin Islands
Turks and Caicos
Europe
Andorra
Austria
Canary Islands
Croatia
Cyprus
France
Greece
Ireland
Italy
Monaco
Montenegro
Portugal
Spain
Switzerland
United Kingdom
Indian Ocean
Maldives
Mauritius
Seychelles
North America
Canada
Mexico
United States of America
South America
Argentina
Brazil
Chile
Ecuador
Peru







Luxury Destinations

Holiday Styles

Luxury Offers

Inspiration

About Us

Contact Us

Request A Quote

Sign In

E-Mail

News

Blog

E-Brochures

Vacancies









Call One of Our Travel Consultants



Caribbean And Mexico
01244 897 991

Europe & North Africa
01244 897 771

Indian Ocean, Arabian Gulf  Middle East
01244 897 881

Luxury Villas
01244 897 441

The Americas (Canada North & South America)
01244 897 221

Ski & Snowboard
01244 897 331

Africa
01244 897 111

Luxury Cruise
01244 897 200

Asia & Australia
01244 897 551

General Enquiries
01244 897 505






Holiday Finder















The Elegant Resorts
Luxury Travel App

The Elegant Resorts Travel App is the perfect companion to take with you on your next Elegant Resorts luxury holiday and is the perfect complement to our exemplary concierge service and luxury travel expertise.

After you book with Elegant Resorts, our Travel App will be available for you to download, at your convenience, onto your mobile phone or tablet.

View Our Video Demonstrations










Home

>

The Elegant Resorts App




Our travel app is the perfect companion to take with you on your Elegant Resorts Luxury holiday and is the perfect complement to our personal luxury travel expertise.

Once you book with Elegant Resorts our travel app is available for download to your mobile phone or tablet.






Available on Android and iOS

Designed to work offline

Travel wallet – store all your important documents in one place

24-hour emergency contact – Our Travel Consultants are on hand at the push of a button

Real-time flight status and alerts by push notification

Accommodation details

Offline destination guides, maps and directions

Build your own itinerary or let our Travel App create one for you, based on your personal travel preferences

A wealth of practical information at your fingertips, including destination guides, weather,  maps and more














The Elegant Resorts Travel App – At the Airport



Flight Details

Everything you need to know about your flight is at your fingertips.  Departure and arrival details, airport, terminal, gate, baggage claim information, flight duration and aircraft type.



Flight Check-in

24 hours prior to departure, a notification on the device will allow you to check-in to your flight from within the Travel App itself.



Real-time Flight Status and Alerts

We will keep you updated with push notifications when any flight changes occur such as delays, cancellations or even gate changes, all in real-time and through a Wi-Fi connection at the airport.

Please see our
Travel App Terms & Conditions




Accommodation Details and Hotel Check-in

Check-in and check-out dates, room details and all the information you need to know about your luxury accommodation.






Practical Offline Travel Guides



Enjoy the inspiration and resources of a personal travel guide on your mobile device.  The Elegant Resorts Travel App provides a comprehensive directory of your location with attractions, restaurants, bars, shops, banks and hospitals, all with pictures and in-depth descriptions, along with opening hours and prices.

Furthermore, our Travel App provides you with all the practical information you could need


• Weather information

• Currency convertor

• Phrasebook




Offline Maps and Navigation


• Detailed destination maps, including locations of restaurants and attractions related to your real-time location or accommodation

•	Display a route with turn-by-turn directions to any street either on foot, by car or public transport

•	Quickly find street and places directly on the map

•	Designed to work offline.






The Elegant Resorts Itinerary Planner


Let our itinerary planner automatically generate daily itineraries based on your travel preferences, the popularity of places, opening hours and location.

After your itinerary is generated, the planner will even provide you with directions on how to get from place to place.
Alternatively, use the planner to manually add your handpicked attractions.

We hope you agree that our Travel App will be the perfect companion to take with you on your next luxury travel holiday with Elegant Resorts.






FAQ


Q How do I install the Travel App ?

A
After you book with us, we will send you an e-mail with links to download the Travel App directly to your phone or mobile device.

Q Which devices can the Elegant Resorts Travel App be used on?


A
The Travel App is available for download from either the Google Play store (Android) or from the Apple store

Q Is the Travel App free?

A
The Travel App is completely free to you when you book with Elegant Resorts and entirely free to use.  There are no in-app purchases.

Q Can my partner/children/travel companion access the Travel App too?

A
As long as they have an email address and they are travelling on the same booking, then yes they can. Please advise your Travel Consultant of all email addresses for passengers wishing to have access to the Travel App.

Q Is the Travel App necessary for my Elegant Resorts holiday?

A
Not at all.  We are providing this to you to enhance your Elegant Resorts experience but it is entirely optional.

Q I don’t have an email address, can I still access the Travel App?

A
Unfortunately, no. An email address is required in order to gain access to the Travel App.

Q I don’t think you have an email address for me/ I don’t think you have my correct email address, can I still use the Travel App for my booking?

A
No problem. Please contact your Travel Consultant and advise them of your correct email address, you will then be given access to the Travel App.

Q Do I need a password to log in?

A
Yes. This will be automatically generated for you and the details included on an installation e-mail. The link in the e-mail will log you in automatically, but we recommend that you log out of the Travel App when you have finished using it



Q Will the Travel App incur any roaming charges?

A
After installation, the Travel App is designed to work offline.  The Travel App will need to download destination guides during the first use so we suggest you are connected to Wi-Fi when you install and first open the Travel App. Some elements of the Travel App may need a data connection, so if Wi-Fi is not available we advise checking the Terms and Conditions of your mobile provider’s tariff. Elegant Resorts cannot accept responsibility for data roaming charges while using the Travel App.

Q Is my personal information secure?

A
The Travel App works entirely with SSL to ensure all data is encrypted. Furthermore, Elegant Resorts will not upload any sensitive information to the Travel App.  Data is stored using Amazon Web Services.

Q Do Elegant Resorts endorse any of the attractions, restaurants or bars that are contained within the destination guides?

A
We have created a section called 'Elegant Suggests', where we have added restaurants that we know our luxury travel clients enjoy.  Restaurants and attractions outside of this section are not necessarily endorsed by Elegant Resorts and are provided for your information and convenience only. Elegant Resorts cannot accept any responsibility whatsoever for any traveller's experiences which are based on the Destination Guide information.

Q If I have problems using the Travel App or I have a general question, what should I do?

A
Please send details to appfeedback@elegantresorts.co.uk and someone will get in touch with you to help.

Q I'm not very technology-minded. Do you have any tutorials for the Travel App that I can refer to?

A
Yes, we do. Please visit
this link.

Review our Travel App privacy policy

Review our Travel App terms and conditions






Why Choose Elegant Resorts


As the foremost British pioneer of luxury travel – and boasting an ever-increasing collection of prestigious accolades that celebrates this – Elegant Resorts is a tour operator with the expertise, knowledge and reputation to deliver only the very finest tailor-made luxury holidays to our clients, honed by almost thirty years of experience in this niche travel business.

Read More

Independent Reviews

Don't just take our word for it. Read our independent reviews that our luxury travel clients have posted on Feefo.


Visit our Feefo page






Call :
01244 897 505

Call Now:
01244 897 505

Special
Offers

Live Chat







Follow Us


Facebook

Twitter

Youtube

Blog

Instagram




Trusted Partners
















Contact Us

Register

Travel Agency Register

Press

News

Booking Conditions

T&Cs

Privacy

Accessibility

Cookies

Q&A

Vacancies

Sitemap

Feedback

FCO Travel Advice

Modern Slavery Statement






































