
Careers at Out Of Office | Out Of Office | Tailor-made luxury holidays inclusive of all







































































Orientation (optional)

Prefer Not To Say

Gay Man

Gay Woman / Lesbian

Heterosexual / Straight

Bisexual

Other






Sex (optional)

Male

Female

Other

































DESTINATIONS





N AMERICA

UK

EUROPE

ASIA

CARIBBEAN

AFRICA

S AMERICA

AUSTRALASIA




EUROPE

Finland

France

Greece

Iceland

Italy

Norway

Portugal

Spain

Sweden

Switzerland

UNITED KINGDOM

England

Scotland



AUSTRALASIA

Australia

New Zealand


ASIA

Cambodia

China

India

Indonesia

Japan

Laos

Maldives

Myanmar

Nepal

Sri Lanka

Thailand

Taiwan

Vietnam



AFRICA

Mauritius

Morocco

Seychelles

South Africa

Tanzania


CARIBBEAN

Barbados

Cuba

Dominican Republic
Mexico

Mustique

Puerto Rico

St Lucia


MIDDLE EAST

Israel

Jordan



NORTH AMERICA

Canada

Costa Rica

Mexico

USA

Hawaii


SOUTH AMERICA

Argentina

Brazil

Colombia

Ecuador

Galapagos Islands

Peru


SOUTH PACIFIC

Bora Bora

Easter Island

Tahiti







INSPIRATION






Love

Romantic Holidays






In the Sun

Beach Holidays






Weddings

Honeymoons






Heritage

Cultural Holidays






Explore

Adventure Holidays






Make Friends

Group Trips






Long weekends

Short Breaks






Relax

Spa Breaks






At Sea

Sailing and Cruises






Fun

Party Holidays





Companions

Holidays with Friends





Private

Villas







SUITABLE FOR






Suitable for

Gay






Suitable for

Straight






Suitable for

Lesbian






Suitable for

Group






Suitable for

Families






Suitable for

Solo Travel







BLOG


07 Dec 2017
Celebrity blogger Perez Hilton on travelling as a gay parent with children
29 Nov 2017
Westlife's Mark Feehily on travelling as a gay man
24 Nov 2017
Our founder takes on The Graham Norton Show red chair
14 Nov 2017
The best things to do in Toronto and Niagara Falls

CONTACT US



Customer Login


Customer Login



+44 (0)20 7157 1570

























Orientation (op)

Prefer Not To Say

Gay Man

Gay Woman / Lesbian

Heterosexual / Straight

Bisexual

Other































Careers at Out Of Office

























ENQUIRE NOW





Join Us

We are based in both Brighton and Farringdon, Central London and are always on the look out for driven, resourceful and fun people to work with us.

Are you the person your friends turn to for holiday advice? Like a beach holiday as much as an adventure holiday? Know the best excursions and bars in a particular destination? If you can talk confidently about travel and your desire to venture is strong then we want to hear from you. If you're looking for the best travel jobs in Brighton then we can probably help!

We are a sales-oriented company and so previous experience of working in travel sales is desirable.

If you think you might have the skills to come and work for us in our office at Out Of Office (see what we did there?) then drop us an email to
careers@outofoffice.com
with a bit of background about yourself and your CV.

Work Experience

We are always looking for keen individuals who want to immerse themselves within our company to learn about how we work and to bring their skills to the table. Please send your details to workexperience@outofoffice.com.

Current Vacancies

Sales Manager

Travel Concierge / Sales Consultant



Multiple Vacancies - Travel Concierge / Sales Consultant

Department:
Travel
Sales

Location:

Brighton

Contract:
Permanent – Full Time

Hours:
Monday to Friday, shift patterns between 8.30 am and 8.00 pm.
Saturday working may be required between 9.00 am and 5.00 pm on a rota basis, dependent upon business requirements.

Salary:
£20,000 (DOE) pa + Uncapped commission. Negotiable for those with contact books or more experience.

OutOfOffice.com is a bespoke travel provider with a major focus on the LGBT market assisting with the design and planning of safe and luxurious travel itineraries.

The journey here at OutOfOffice.com has certainly been an exciting one and there is so much more to come. The founder and Managing Director, Darren Burn, launched the business in 2016 forging a partnership with the founders of the Palatinate Group.

Now in its 2nd year of trading, OutOfOffice.com is already a reputable tailor-made travel provider in its own right, providing its growing customer base with specialist travel consultations. Now we need more great people to come on board and support our continued success.

The role
Our role is to ensure that, whatever our customers gender or sexual orientation, they can access and enjoy the perfect holiday break with added peace of mind.

Your day in a nutshell:


Our customers will enquire about a product, wanting to know more about the options available or reserve a holiday at that time and you will engage with them, support their queries, really understand their needs and recommend the ideal holiday destination and itinerary

Although our initial customer contact is inbound this role does require solid consultative sales skills - you will upsell & cross-sell suitable extras and upgrades to help tailor the perfect holiday package

It doesn't stop once you have booked the trip - we continue to support our customers and liaise with them until they return from their holiday and will follow up with customers to proactively initiate repeat custom

Other duties will include supporting the promotion of our brand by attending relevant networking and industry related events, and, writing and maintaining content for our OutOfOffice.com website


So, what are we looking for?

We cannot emphasise enough how exciting this journey is at OutOfOffice.com, and we want people who are as genuinely enthusiastic about helping to progress our business as we are. Specific skills we are looking for from candidates are listed below. If this sounds like you do apply -  we would love to get to know you better!

Requirements:


Candidates should have worked in the travel industry, in a similar phone based role providing travel consultations

You must be comfortable with sales and preferably have a natural flair for spotting appropriate opportunities to introduce suitable options to customers to ensure the best travel package is provided

First hand knowledge of travel in Europe is required

An understanding of the LGBT travel market, its challenges and nuances is highly advantageous

You will excel in fast paced, high-pressured environments and have the ability to self motivate

Excellent communication skills both verbal and written are a must, with the ability to communicate effectively and empathetically with a wide range of customers

You will also be naturally proactive, if you don’t know the best answer to a customer's query or need you will be someone who is able to research solutions efficiently

A true team player - you will enjoy a spot of healthy competition in the workplace but be able to balance this appropriately with supporting your colleagues when needed and sharing best practice



Benefits:

To support you in building a great career here we offer:


Competitive basic salary

The chance to help shape the direction of this new and exciting startup

Extensive training and opportunities to develop in a fast-growing company

Free breakfast, tea, coffee and fruit

An uncapped commission scheme that can afford you a significant uplift in your salary

Childcare vouchers

22 days holiday that rises to 25 days after a year of service


We are an equal opportunities employer which means we treat people fairly. We welcome applications from all suitably skilled persons regardless of their gender, age, race, disability, ethnic background, religion/belief, sexual orientation, gender reassignment or marital/family status.

How do I apply?

Please email your CV and a covering letter to
careers@outofoffice.com
.

Sales Manager

Department:
Travel
Sales

Location:

Brighton

Contract:
Permanent – Full Time


Background:

OutOfOffice.com is dedicated to providing personalised travel experiences for all, regardless of who you love or who you’re friends with. We build tailor-made itineraries worldwide to hundreds of destinations with a heavy focus on catering to LGBT travel consumers.

This job is an opportunity to join an exciting, young and innovative travel startup and by joining early in our journey you will have the opportunity to learn, grow and develop within the business as well as shaping its future trajectory.

The Role:

Reporting to the Managing Director, you will be responsible for the day-to-day management of a team of sales agents, helping to hit individual and group sales targets whilst supporting other parts of the business, including product and training.

Key Responsibilities:


Overseeing a small team of sales specialists

Managing the day to day running of a fast paced, dynamic, sales environment

Collate, analyse and summarise data, forecasted revenues and identifying key areas for growth

Implement and maintain high professional standards in the team as well as best practice, ensuring KPIs are met and exceeded and booking procedures are followed meticulously

Conducting effective resource planning to maximise productivity of resources (people, technology etc)

Overseeing high-value clients and helping to generate new business and leads through contacts and innovation

Ensure all team members are using upselling skills and ensuring maximum margin return

Managing sales team rotas and leave requests

Work with Managing Director to ensure all team members have Personal Development Plan

Conduct weekly team meetings and monthly 1-2-1s

Attend board meetings as required to report on sales targets and growth

Develop a deep knowledge and understanding of destinations, the product and the best venues and experiences

Identify potential new business from old leads

Participation in networking and industry related events as required, including on occasion, some evenings and weekends


Required Experience:


Minimum of two years sales management experience and working in target driven, customer focused environment, preferably within travel sphere

Extensive travel experience

A strong people manager who is able to lead by example and show a proven successful sales record as well as an ability to motivate a team in high pressured situations

Proven examples of sales growth, team management, process management and process improvement

Excellent computer and impeccable literacy skills

Ability to manage change

Excellent decision making skills with proven examples

Numerically and commercially strong

Understanding the LGBT travel market, the nuances and needs of an LGBT traveller and a robust understanding of the challenges faced by clients as they travel to particular destinations, including those where homosexuality is illegal


Ideal Candidate:

This is a newly created role that the ideal candidate will make their own under the guidance of the Founder and Managing Director. The role is to act as a deputy to the Managing Director and will really help to shape the business going forward. An ambitious startup requires ambitious people who are self-motivated and target driven. You must have the capability to performance manage and possess the ability to inspire, motivate and develop team members to achieve sales targets set. A meticulous attention to detail, accuracy and numbers is essential.

OutOfOffice.com has ambitious plans for growth and the successful candidate will find the environment both rewarding and challenging.

Salary / Benefits:


Competitive basic salary

% of margin on sales

Rewarding bonus scheme based on team KPIs

Contributory pension scheme

25 days holiday pa

Corporate discounted holidays for staff

Occasional familiarisation trips to destinations

Childcare voucher scheme

Corporate gym discounts

Vibrant office environment

Free fruit, tea and coffee

Refer a friend bonus scheme

Summer and Christmas socials

Local offers and discounts

A vibrant and high energy working environment

Extensive training and opportunities to develop in a fast-growing company




















OUT OF OFFICE

Romantic Holidays



Escaping with your significant other? We've put together some of our favourite romantic hideaways and getaways for you to explore and relax.

Romantic Holidays










OUT OF OFFICE

City Breaks



Sometimes it's nice to nip away for the weekend, or even a bit longer, to get under the skin of a city. Out Of Office city breaks are designed to offer more than just a room to rest your head. We've incorporated some of our favourite experiences, excursions and restaurants to make it that little bit special.

City Breaks










OUT OF OFFICE

Honeymoons



You're planning your big day so let Out Of Office take the pressure of organising the after party. We've handpicked some of the best resorts in the world, all of them gay-friendly, to ensure that you can enjoy newlywed marital bliss whether that be relaxing on a beach or taking an adventure of a lifetime.

Honeymoons










OUT OF OFFICE

Gay Honeymoons



We're gay honeymoon specialists. We know which resorts offer same-sex couples honeymoon benefits and all the people we work with will welcome you regardless of who you love or who you marry. Ask us about where in the world to go on what will hopefully be one of the most memorable trips of your lifetime.

Gay Honeymoons











Stories & Articles




Celebrity blogger Perez Hilton on travelling as a gay parent with children
Travelling with children as a gay parent is potentially tricky. We spoke to Perez Hilton about his experiences.

READ ARTICLE





Westlife's Mark Feehily on travelling as a gay man
We spoke to the singer as he releases a Christmas album about his travel experiences

READ ARTICLE





Our founder takes on The Graham Norton Show red chair
But did he walk or get flipped?

READ ARTICLE





The best things to do in Toronto and Niagara Falls
In part three, our founder Darren Burn heads to Niagara Falls with his partner.

READ ARTICLE







Out Of Office

OutOfOffice.com is a tailor-made travel company specialising in building custom travel itineraries for our clients. We also pride ourselves that all our travel experiences are also LGBT friendly.

Copyright 2015-2017 OutOfOffice.com


Sign up for offers













Orientation (optional)

Prefer Not To Say

Gay Man

Gay Woman / Lesbian

Heterosexual / Straight

Bisexual

Other






Sex (optional)

Male

Female

Other

















Links


About Out Of Office

Out Of Office reviews

Gift Vouchers

Video Guides

Custom Group Request

Travel Advice


Affiliates


Terms and Conditions


Privacy Policy


Cookie Policy


Press & Media


Careers


Credits


Make an Enquiry

























Holidays


Gay holidays

Lesbian holidays

Best holiday destinations


Romantic gay holidays


Gay honeymoons

Gay weddings


Luxury holidays


Tailor-made holidays


Multi-centre holidays


Luxury honeymoons


Holidays with friends


Gay beach holidays


Cultural holidays


Gay cruises


Gay city breaks


Gay group holidays


Gay party holidays


Gay spa breaks


Gay adventure holidays


Gay family holidays





Call us

UK: 020 7157 1570

US: 1-888-489-8383




Monday - Friday | 9am - 8pm (UK Time)

Saturday | 9am - 5pm (UK Time)

Sunday | Closed

Registered Office: OutOfOfficeDotCom Ltd, Clerks Court, 18-20 Farringdon Lane, London, EC1R 3AU, United Kingdom.









Enquire Now







Flexible dates




REQUIRED INFORMATION






No. of travellers

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14


No. of nights

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12

13

14

15+



OPTIONAL INFORMATION


Sex

Male

Female

Other


Sexual Orientation

Prefer not to say

Gay man

Gay woman / Lesbian

Straight / Heterosexual

Bisexual

Other


Budget per person (optional)

Under £1000

£1000-£2000

£2000-£3000

£3000-£5000

£5000+
























Why Book with Us?




Over 65 Countries

We offer more than 300 sample itineraries in over 65 different countries to help inspire you. We're also at the end of the phone to offer unlimited advice and expert knowledge from our well travelled teams. And remember, we're LGBT-friendly too and pride ourselves on ensuring everyone can travel the globe.




It's the little things

We are able to hold seats with all major airlines rather than having to pay for flights up front. We secure your booking with a small deposit and the balance is not due until ten weeks before your trip, giving you time to plan and save. You'll also get your own personal advisor with you every step of the way.




It's Your Itinerary

What we really enjoy most is tailoring our trips for each client. No two people are the same and so no two holidays should be the same. We send you a personalised quote and detailed booking documents to ensure that you get the most out of your tailor-made luxury holiday.


