









Activities & Things To Do: Find Cheap Tickets For Tours | Wotif































































Close





Want access to exclusive rates?
Sign up
to save an extra 10% or more on selected hotels with Mates Rates






Skip to main content



















Show menu








Home


Accommodation


Flights


Holiday Packages


Activities


Car Hire


Discover


Subscribe


Blog


SALE


Travel Insurance


Deals




To
required
Please enter an email address
Please enter a valid email address
Use commas to separate multiple email addresses (Maximum 8)
Subject
Message
Send Itinerary
Cancel


Your notifications
1
All caught up!
No new notifications right now.



Account







Sign in to see exclusive Mates Rates.




Sign In




New?
Create an Account










My Lists






Manage Trips





Itineraries



Traveller Tools



Manage My Flight



Manage My Hotel






Support





Customer Support




Feedback


























Home
currently selected



Accommodation



Flights



Holiday Packages



Activities



Car Hire



Discover



Subscribe



Blog



SALE



Travel Insurance



Deals























Beginning of main content







+

Your flight purchase qualifies you for up to 55% off select
hotels
for your

trip


+

Your recent booking qualifies you for up to 40% off select
hotels
for your

trip


Offer expires in
hh:mm:ss





Travel alert: Volcanic activity in the east of Bali could impact travel.  Everything you need to know,
here
.
travel alert close
Search for a Trip
Remove







Customers rate Wotif


4.5 out of 5 stars




Based on
reviews.

Powered by







Everyday Deals:
Anytime, everyday you can find the perfect travel deal for your next trip.







Local Knowledge:
Millions of hotel reviews from Aussie travellers and a wealth of local knowledge.






Everything Travel:
Search, plan & book - flights, hotels, packages, activities and car hire ... all here


































































Today’s Popular Destinations














































































Spotlight on Travel














































































Spotlight on Travel














































































Spotlight on Travel














































































Spotlight on Travel












































































































































































Things To Do, Activities & Tours

Things To Do in Australia


Every corner of Australia offers a unique travel experience, from the bright lights and beautiful harbour of Sydney to the national galleries and government monuments of Canberra. Both sides of our country are blessed with warm days and golden beaches, so you can soak up the sun and excitement of the Gold Coast or discover the pristine and peaceful beaches around Perth. Whether you want to experience an international sporting event in Melbourne, uncover the emerging arts scene in Brisbane or tour the colonial architecture attractions in Adelaide, Wotif can help you discover all Australia has to offer.

Find Fun Things To Do in Australia:





Things To Do in Melbourne

Things To Do in Sydney

Things To Do in Brisbane

Things To Do in Perth





Things To Do in Adelaide

Things To Do on the Gold Coast

Things To Do in Cairns

Things To Do in Hobart







Things To Do in Europe


Europe is the perfect travel destination, whether you want to step back through time and uncover history in Rome, immerse yourself in beautiful food, wine and culture In Paris, or embark on the ultimate shopping adventure in London. Wotif can help you choose from hundreds of attractions and activities to create your own personalised European itinerary, touring those cities and sights you've always wanted to see.

Find Fun Things To Do in Europe:





Things To Do in London

Things To Do in Paris

Things To Do in Rome

Things To Do in Berlin





Things To Do in Barcelona

Things To Do in Amsterdam

Things To Do in Venice

Things To Do in Madrid







Things To Do in America


The USA is home to some of the world's most exciting cities and stunning natural attractions. Explore the urban jungle in New York for international museums and a distinctly NYC attitude, or take a trip to tinseltown to enjoy the warm weather and wide boulevards of LA. But the USA is not just about the big cities, Wotif can help you uncover hidden gems, such as the spectacular architecture of Chicago, before you break up the long flight home with an extended stopover on the beautiful beaches of Hawaii.

Find Fun Things To Do in America:





Things To Do in New York

Things To Do in Los Angeles

Things To Do in Las Vegas

Things To Do in Oahu





Things To Do in San Francisco

Things To Do in Orlando

Things To Do in Miami

Things To Do in Washington DC







Things To Do in Asia


Exotic culture, delicious food, beautiful beaches and unbeatable shopping are there to be enjoyed when you explore the delights of Asia. Singapore is the perfect starting point for any Asian adventure, for comfortable and convenient travelling and world-class attractions. Or visit Bangkok, the gateway to the unique culture and cuisine of Thailand and the ultimate shopper's paradise. If you're looking to relax on the beach, great surf and affordable accommodation are just a short flight away in Bali, or head to Phuket to explore the natural beauty of the surrounding islands.

Find Fun Things To Do in Asia:





Things To Do in Bali

Things To Do in Phuket

Things To Do in Singapore

Things To Do in Bangkok





Things To Do in Hong Kong

Things To Do in Tokyo

Things To Do in Kuala Lumpur

Things To Do in Shanghai







Worldwide Destination Activities


Searching for more destinations and things to do on your next trip? Wotif offers the best prices on tours and activities in hundreds of destinations worldwide. Explore the growing attractions of Dubai and Abu Dhabi, to the action packed adventures on offer in New Zealand and our Pacific neighbours. Use our Things to Do search module to find an activity for your next trip and save.

Find Fun Things To Do in Worldwide:





Things To Do in Dubai

Things To Do in Abu Dhabi

Things To Do in Queenstown





Things To Do in Auckland

Things To Do in Fiji














*This is the average saving for a flight and hotel package booking made between Jan 2016 and Dec 2016, and not the discounted rate or amount for your booking. Savings calculated based on the cost of a Flight + Hotel booking on Wotif.com as compared to the aggregated price of the full published fare given by the airline and the cost of your hotel for the same travel products for the same travel dates when made separately. Savings will vary based on the origin/destination, length of trip, stay dates and selected travel supplier(s). Savings are not available on all packages. Please confirm the actual discount rate/ price on the booking page.















Explore More





More Travel Options




Australian Capital Territory Hotels

New South Wales Hotels

Northern Territory Hotels

Queensland Hotels

South Australia Hotels

Tasmania Hotels

Victoria Hotels

Western Australia Hotels

Australia Flights

Australia Car Hire

Cheap Flights

Domestic & International Flights

Australia Holiday Packages

Flaming Deals






Wotif




About Wotif

Investor Relations

Advertising

Privacy Policy

Terms of Use

Press Centre

Facebook

Twitter

Instagram

Google+






Partner Services




Add your Hotel

Add an Activity

Become an Affiliate






Global Sites




www.wotif.co.nz

www.wotif.com







©2017 Wotif Group. All rights reserved.
Wotif, Wotif.com and the Wotif logo are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Expedia, Inc. in Australia and/or other countries.All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.


















































