







Hotels For Cheap Prices: Get Bargain Hotel Deals With Wotif





























































Close





Want access to exclusive rates?
Sign up
to save an extra 10% or more on selected hotels with Mates Rates






Skip to main content



















Show menu








Home


Accommodation


Flights


Holiday Packages


Activities


Car Hire


Discover


Subscribe


Blog


SALE


Travel Insurance


Deals




To
required
Please enter an email address
Please enter a valid email address
Use commas to separate multiple email addresses (Maximum 8)
Subject
Message
Send Itinerary
Cancel


Your notifications
1
All caught up!
No new notifications right now.



Account







Sign in to see exclusive Mates Rates.




Sign In




New?
Create an Account










My Lists






Manage Trips





Itineraries



Traveller Tools



Manage My Flight



Manage My Hotel






Support





Customer Support




Feedback


























Home
currently selected



Accommodation



Flights



Holiday Packages



Activities



Car Hire



Discover



Subscribe



Blog



SALE



Travel Insurance



Deals























Beginning of main content







+

Your flight purchase qualifies you for up to 55% off select
hotels
for your

trip


+

Your recent booking qualifies you for up to 40% off select
hotels
for your

trip


Offer expires in
hh:mm:ss





Travel alert: Volcanic activity in the east of Bali could impact travel.  Everything you need to know,
here
.
travel alert close
Search for a Trip
Remove







Customers rate Wotif


4.5 out of 5 stars




Based on
reviews.

Powered by







Everyday Deals:
Anytime, everyday you can find the perfect travel deal for your next trip.







Local Knowledge:
Millions of hotel reviews from Aussie travellers and a wealth of local knowledge.






Everything Travel:
Search, plan & book - flights, hotels, packages, activities and car hire ... all here


































































Today’s Popular Destinations














































































Spotlight on Travel














































































Spotlight on Travel














































































Spotlight on Travel














































































Spotlight on Travel











































































































































































Book Hotel Rooms in Sydney

The big city is calling you—are you ready to answer it? You're quite through listening to workmates natter on about cruising in Darling Harbour and posting pictures taken from the Skywalk. You're going to see this outstanding place for yourself, and Wotif is going to help you do it. Book Sydney accommodation through us today and set off on a Sydneysider adventure tomorrow.

Suburban Sydney

You'll get a cracking bargain on any of the cheap hotels you book through us, but let us show you around the central business district first!

Is your life incomplete if you're not in the absolute centre of things? The
Tank Stream Hotel
is the place for you, and it is
swanky
. Stuff yourself at the daily buffet breakfast and bed down in absolute comfort in the evenings.

Stay within shouting distance of the Sydney Arcade when you book a room in
The Grace Hotel
. Lounge around in meticulously restored rooms dating back to the 1930s—or let your diet slip by the wayside at the Grace Brasserie's sumptuous lunches.

The
Amora Hotel Jamison Sydney
is within walking distance of Circular Quay and heaps of other spots to visit. You might be on your feet so much they start to hurt—no problem; let the professionals at the Amora Day Spa look after you.

A bit to the south is
Travelodge Wynyard
. Use it as a springboard to tour the Sydney Opera House, or let the staff pamper you when you arrange for breakfast to be delivered via room service. After all, you're not on holiday if you haven't had brekkie in bed.

Sydney and Beyond

Constantly on the move? The
Stamford Plaza Sydney Airport
is right near Sydney Airport for those of you just waiting for a connecting flight. It's also only a highway's drive from the stunning Royal National Park.

Want to use the
hotels in Sydney
as a springboard to greater things? There's all sorts of great stuff beyond city limits. Head down south to the peaceful beauty of Hyams Beach, which looks out over Jervis Bay.

Wotif has you covered no matter where you want to stay. Book Sydney hotels through us today and make the "Harbour City" your oyster tomorrow!

Popular Hotel Destinations in Melbourne

There's nothing quite like exploring a capital city, and there's also nothing quite like spending time in Melbourne. Why not do both of those things in one go? Drop everything and write a memo to your boss—tell them you'll be back after snapping a selfie in front of the MCG.

Now, you could sit around and compare hotel prices, or you could get a move on. We say you shouldn't wait any longer: book
Melbourne accommodation
through Wotif today and tell your flatmate you'll be busy getting caffeinated in the capital of Victoria.

Suburban Melbourne

Quick: What has two thumbs and demands the highest level of luxury? If you stuck your hand in the air, you're in luck—book a room at the
Stamford Plaza Melbourne
and get fancy. Beautifully appointed suites and the scrumptious meals at Harry's Restaurant are just the tip of the iceberg, and the hotel's location in the CBD sets you in the middle of the action.

If your stay in Melbourne will be a long one, consider
Punthill Melbourne Northbank
. Select this spot for full kitchens and spacious flats with all the services of a hotel. You'll be situated just a short walk away from the banks of the Yarra River, and right near attractions like SEA LIFE Melbourne Aquarium and Etihad Stadium.

You'll also find a home away from home at
Adina Apartment Hotel Melbourne
. Kick back in a comfy apartment and combat all the dumpling eating you'll be doing with a spin in the gym or the indoor pool. Sore from jaunting all over the nearby Queen Victoria Market? There's a sauna, too!

Melbourne and Beyond

A few blocks to the north is
Mantra on Russell
, the perfect jumping off point for your exploration of the city. Grab a meal at the Home Kitchen & Bar, then head out to explore: you're right near the Melbourne Museum and the Melbourne Zoo!

Maybe you're not staying in the CBD. Maybe you're on the outskirts—and good for you! The
Holiday Inn Melbourne Airport
is a fine place to shack up while waiting for a connecting flight or planning an expedition to the old mining town of Ballarat. We hope you brought your hard hat.

There's nothing like exploring a marvellous city on your own time. Book your Melbourne adventure with Wotif and head for the "Second City" today!

Awesome Hotels in Australia

You love Australia. You want to see Australia—all of it, without worrying about how much it's going to cost or where you're going to stay. How are you going to do that? Put a smile on your face, mate, because all things are possible through Wotif!

Famous Coastlines

Start off your all Aussie adventure in the famed Sunshine Coast. Imagine catching some waves in Noosa Heads, followed by an evening spent relaxing in Mooloolaba. The entire region will be at your fingertips when you book
Sunshine Coast hotels
!

What's south of the Sunny Coast? The city of Brisbane, of course, and all the awesome stuff it's got going for it. Book
Brisbane accommodation
through Wotif and you'll be able to visit Suncorp Stadium, see a show at the Queensland Performing Arts Centre, and watch the ponies run at Eagle Farm Racecourse.

If you go even further south, you'll run straight into Gold Coast. You'll be golden yourself as you explore the gorgeous shoreline and improve your par at the area's various golf courses. No matter what you do,
Gold Coast accommodation
will be waiting to welcome you after a long day of adventure.

And Everywhere Else, Too

Australia's a big place—there's way more than the east coast to explore. Where can you find the Art Gallery of South Australia and the River Torrens? Adelaide, of course. And where are you going to stay while you're enjoying these places? In one of Wotif's
Adelaide hotels
!

Far west of Adelaide—clear on the cusp of another ocean—is Perth. Trust us, you'll want to add this phenomenal place to your travel docket. From taking in the fresh air of Woodman Point to hanging out with quokkas at Rottnest Island, you'll find plenty to do when you aren't chilling in your choice of
Perth hotels
.

Last but not least, secure
Hobart accommodation
over in Tasmania and get up close and personal with the little devils that call the place home—we mean the famous marsupials, not the people!

Australia's a big place, and Wotif is here to help you explore it. Book one of these cheap hotels today and begin your adventure tomorrow!

Canberra Hotels
|
Darwin Accommodation
|
Cairns Accommodation
|
Albury Accommodation
|
Noosa Accommodation
|
Great Ocean Road Accommodation
|
Launceston Accommodation
|
Port Macquarie Accommodation

Popular New Zealand Accommodation

See your co-workers over there, glued to their computer screens? Yeah, don't be like that. Instead, go to New Zealand!

We're serious. Bid your cube-mates adieu, tell them you'll send postcards and don't look back. We guess you could conference call some of them while you're taking in the views from the summit of the Port Hills—be sure to mention you rode a gondola to the summit. But before you go and rub it in, book
Christchurch accommodation
through Wotif. You'll be on your way in no time.

All About Queenstown

If you want a hidden jewel of a town on the rugged South Island, look no further than Queenstown. This city looks like it came off a postcard, and it's the perfect spot if you want spend the majority of your time in the great outdoors. Go kayaking on the waters of Lake Wakatipu, try some fly fishing, and take a jet boat ride. You'll sleep well at one of our
Queenstown hotels
after a long day of running around.

Gotta Love Auckland

Feel like getting out of nature and experiencing life in the big city? Book a stay at one of our
Auckland hotels
and you'll be close to all the incredible things this city has to offer. Take in panoramic views of the entire area from the top of the Sky Tower. Then head back to ground level and souvenir shop in Newmarket—it's illegal to go home without presents.

Want to live like a king? Take a look at the
Skycity Grand Hotel
. This fancy joint has everything you could want, like a pool, a gym and three on-site restaurants. When you're ready to hit the town, just call up the complimentary car service and tell them where you want to go.

Going on holiday means you get to treat yourself to the finer things. Say goodbye to backpacker hostels and say hello to the
Stamford Plaza Auckland
. Guest rooms with names like the Executive Room and Stamford Suite will ensure your stay is as comfortable as possible.

And let us not forget to mention the
Grand Millennium Auckland
. Not only will you be spending your nights in spacious rooms in the city centre, you'll be close to Viaduct Harbour. There's all sorts of great restaurants to eat at and attractions to visit, like the New Zealand Maritime Museum.

Just remember, when you're ready to go, call on Wotif for cheap hotels and all your travel needs.

Wellington Hotels
|
Rotorua Hotels
|
Hawke's Bay Hotels
|
Bay of Islands Hotels
|
Marlborough Hotels
|
Hamilton Hotels
|
Nelson - Tasman Hotels

Popular Hotel Destinations in Asia & South Pacific

Bali is known as the "Island of Gods", and since you're a travel god in our book, we think you should go immediately. Just book a
Bali accommodation
through Wotif so you'll have a place to relax after scuba diving, surfing or playing with monkeys at a temple. Whatever it is you plan on doing during your holiday, you'll need a pace to stay.

When you feel like going to a city more futuristic than the one in
The Fifth Element
, say goodbye to your mates and say konnichiwa to Japan's capital city. With our vast selection of
Tokyo hotels
, you won't have a problem finding a suitable place to rest your head after a night of wandering around the Shinjuku district.

Get Your Party On

Does it seem like Asian cities have more energy contained in a single square block than entire countries? That's no truer than in Bangkok. If you want to mingle with locals and expats alike, check out our
Bangkok hotels
near Sukhumvit Road. This bustling district is full of nightclubs, bars and street food stalls just waiting for you to drop as many bahts as you want.

The tallest twin towers in the world are located in Malaysia—more specifically in the capital city of Kuala Lumpur. After you wake up in one of our
Kuala Lumpur hotels
, make your way to the skybridge that connects the two towers. You'll be so high up, it'll seem like you can see across the entire country. When you're done conquering your fear of heights, check out the KL Bird Park and feed some rainbow lorikeets.

Have you ever fantasised about waking up to a traditional dim sum breakfast? What about spending the day finding inner peace at a Buddhist monastery? All that and more is possible when you book one of our
Hong Kong hotels
.

Fly with Dragons

And speaking of Hong Kong, just to the north is a peninsula known as Kowloon. Fun fact: Kowloon means "nine dragons", so named because of the eight mountains overlooking the area. The ninth is for the emperor who named them. Anyways, book one of our
Kowloon hotels
and check out sites like the Hong Kong Cultural Centre before partying it up on Portland Street.

All of this is only possible with Wotif, so stop wasting time and check out our deals now!

Kuala Lumpur Hotels
|
Hong Kong Hotels
|
Koh Samui Accommodation
|
Ho Chi Minh City Accommodation
|
Manila Hotels
|
Kyoto Accommodation
|
Vietnam Hotels
|
Thailand Hotels

Best International Hotel Accommodation

Hey, traveller. Isn't it time you stopped daydreaming about international flights and fancy hotels and started jet-setting? We think it is. Haven't you contemplated drinking fermented cask beer at room temperature in a darkened pub while scarfing down a plate of unbelievable fish and chips? Of course you have!

That's why you're going to book
London accommodation
through Wotif, because after a long day checking out sites like Big Ben and the Tower of London, you'll need a place to crash. And what's better than Wotif's cheap hotels? You'll save plenty of money for extra schooners of beer

Relax in the South Pacific

If you thought being stuck in a remote South Pacific nation for a week would be a bad thing, you'd be wrong. Especially if that nation happens to be Fiji, where any beach there could be used on a postcard. Well, maybe not every single one, but we're willing to bet a
lot
of postcard pictures were taken here. And if you want to be a part of one of those settings, book one of Wotif's
Fiji hotels
.

Speaking of tropical paradises, "The Aloha State" is no slouch. How could it be? There's luaus every night where whole pigs are roasted for dinner and hula dancers shake it in grass skirts for your enjoyment. And let's not forget those lava-spewing mountains called volcanos. Just be sure to book
Hawaii accommodation
through Wotif and all will be right in the world.

New York may be "The City That Never Sleeps", but you'll need to rest at some point. That's why you should book one of our fabulous
New York hotels
so you'll have a place to relax in between trips to the Statue of Liberty and the Empire State Building.

The urge to visit one of the most artsy cities in the universe is too much to ignore. You've always dreamed about trying to figure out what the
Mona Lisa
is smiling at while touring the Louvre, haven't you? Or what about munching on a plate of snails while slugging a bottle of fine French champagne? All that and more is possible after booking
Paris accommodation
through Wotif. The cheap hotels you score with us will take the pressure off your wallet so you can pick up a print of the famous Ms. Lisa to bring home to Mum.

Good Day, LA!

Do you want to see the city where all celebrities live, the place where movies are made and dreams come true? Yes, you do, because who knows, maybe you'll be spotted by an agent and become the next Brando or Hepburn. Either way, you'll need to get one of Wotif's
Los Angeles hotels
if you want a place to primp for your headshot.

Whatever you want in terms of hotels, Wotif has it.

Las Vegas Hotels
|
San Francisco Accommodation
|
Rome Accommodation
|
Dubai Hotels
|
Vanuatu Accommodation
|
Amsterdam Accommodation







*This is the average saving for a flight and hotel package booking made between Jan 2016 and Dec 2016, and not the discounted rate or amount for your booking. Savings calculated based on the cost of a Flight + Hotel booking on Wotif.com as compared to the aggregated price of the full published fare given by the airline and the cost of your hotel for the same travel products for the same travel dates when made separately. Savings will vary based on the origin/destination, length of trip, stay dates and selected travel supplier(s). Savings are not available on all packages. Please confirm the actual discount rate/ price on the booking page.















Explore More





More Travel Options




Australian Capital Territory Hotels

New South Wales Hotels

Northern Territory Hotels

Queensland Hotels

South Australia Hotels

Tasmania Hotels

Victoria Hotels

Western Australia Hotels

Australia Flights

Australia Car Hire

Cheap Flights

Domestic & International Flights

Australia Holiday Packages

Flaming Deals






Wotif




About Wotif

Investor Relations

Advertising

Privacy Policy

Terms of Use

Press Centre

Facebook

Twitter

Instagram

Google+






Partner Services




Add your Hotel

Add an Activity

Become an Affiliate






Global Sites




www.wotif.co.nz

www.wotif.com







©2017 Wotif Group. All rights reserved.
Wotif, Wotif.com and the Wotif logo are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Expedia, Inc. in Australia and/or other countries.All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.



















































