







Cheap Flights & Epic Airfare Deals: Book Flights At Wotif Now






























































Close





Want access to exclusive rates?
Sign up
to save an extra 10% or more on selected hotels with Mates Rates






Skip to main content



















Show menu








Home


Accommodation


Flights


Holiday Packages


Activities


Car Hire


Discover


Subscribe


Blog


SALE


Travel Insurance


Deals




To
required
Please enter an email address
Please enter a valid email address
Use commas to separate multiple email addresses (Maximum 8)
Subject
Message
Send Itinerary
Cancel


Your notifications
1
All caught up!
No new notifications right now.



Account







Sign in to see exclusive Mates Rates.




Sign In




New?
Create an Account










My Lists






Manage Trips





Itineraries



Traveller Tools



Manage My Flight



Manage My Hotel






Support





Customer Support




Feedback


























Home
currently selected



Accommodation



Flights



Holiday Packages



Activities



Car Hire



Discover



Subscribe



Blog



SALE



Travel Insurance



Deals























Beginning of main content







+

Your flight purchase qualifies you for up to 55% off select
hotels
for your

trip


+

Your recent booking qualifies you for up to 40% off select
hotels
for your

trip


Offer expires in
hh:mm:ss





Travel alert: Volcanic activity in the east of Bali could impact travel.  Everything you need to know,
here
.
travel alert close
Search for a Trip
Remove







Customers rate Wotif


4.5 out of 5 stars




Based on
reviews.

Powered by







Everyday Deals:
Anytime, everyday you can find the perfect travel deal for your next trip.







Local Knowledge:
Millions of hotel reviews from Aussie travellers and a wealth of local knowledge.






Everything Travel:
Search, plan & book - flights, hotels, packages, activities and car hire ... all here


































































Today’s Popular Destinations














































































Spotlight on Travel














































































Spotlight on Travel














































































Spotlight on Travel














































































Spotlight on Travel











































































































































































Australia Domestic Flights

When you want to take a holiday to the capital city of Victoria, you shouldn't bother driving. That takes way too long. Instead, check out Wotif's price-friendly airfares on
flights to Melbourne
and book one now so you can go shopping at Queen Victoria Market, the biggest open-air market in the Southern Hemisphere.

Haven't you ever wanted to catch a live show at one of the most recognised venues on the planet? Snap up of Wotif's incredible deals on
Sydney flights
quickly, because those opera singers can only hold a note for so long. And no trip to this city is complete without climbing the Sydney Harbour Bridge. Don't worry about falling—you'll be strapped to something the entire time.

Price-Friendly Trips to Melbourne

Hey, check this out! Wotif has a once-in-a-blue-moon opportunity to book cheap flights to Melbourne. Seriously, you'll spend less on a plane ticket than you would on tanks of petrol. Well…maybe less. And you know what that means? You'll have plenty of extra money to do cool stuff, like ride the Melbourne Star and see a cricket match at the Melbourne Cricket Ground.

How does flying across Australia sound? Pretty good, right? Browse our ridiculous offers on
flights to Perth
and spend a week or so gallivanting around the capital of Western Australia. Once in town, explore the Perth Zoo and go wine tasting in the Swan Valley. Can't get any better than that.

Do you know what only lasts an hour and twenty-five minutes?
Flights from Sydney to Melbourne
, that's what! Take advantage of Wotif's incredible deals on plane tickets and book one now. You'll land before your in-flight movie is over. And after you land, it's very important you head straight for the Young and Jackson for a cold Victoria Bitter. Gotta spend the money you saved with our cheap airfares on something delicious, right?

From Victoria to New South Wales

When the time comes to get the heck out of your office for a week, leave. If you happen to be in Melbourne, check out Wotif's incredible deals on
flights from Melbourne to Sydney
and book one today. All it takes is a few clicks of the mouse, a packed bag and a hankering for sun-tanning on Bondi Beach.

You want flights? Wotif has flights. Cheap flights.

Gold Coast Flights
|
Flights to Adelaide

New Zealand Domestic Flights

We've looked into the future, and we foresee you going on a holiday trip to a place where sheep outnumber people. This means, of course, that you should check out Wotif's awesome
New Zealand flights
and book one before you clock out for the day. Once you've purchased your cheap tickets, start planning your itinerary of wine tasting and sheep viewing.

Want us to get more specific? If you want to see the largest city in the country, book one of Wotif's
flights to Auckland
before you change your mind or your boss decides to cancel your annual leave. How else are you going to take pictures from the top of the Sky Tower or explore the Auckland Domain?

See the South Island's Biggest City

Now, New Zealand comprises two main islands, and on the South Island is a city that's well worth a visit. Why? Because you can check out the Air Force Museum of New Zealand, as well as the Canterbury Museum. There's also some animal park that imitates the Arctic. All you have to do is book one of our
flights to Christchurch
and
voila!
Arctic foxes everywhere.

On the North Island of New Zealand is a city that's about as scenic as an issue of
National Geographic
. It's a place where you can take a walk through a traditional Maori village and hike the slopes of an extinct volcano. The only way to have access to all this and more is to book one of Wotif's amazing
Rotorua flights
and leave as soon as you can.

Visit the Capital

If you think that the capital of New Zealand is Wellington, give yourself a pat on the back. Now browse Wotif for airfares and book one of your
cheap Wellington flights
today so you'll be able to ride the famous cable car tomorrow. And be sure to take a tour of the Beehive, the very recognisable executive wing of the country's parliament.

It's Not Kingstown

When you're ready for spending a holiday doing nothing but cool stuff in the great outdoors, get one of Wotif's
Queenstown flights
. You'll be able to go for a high-speed jetboat ride across Lake Wakatipu. After you've gathered yourself, take a wine tour around Lake Hayes. Nothing better than adrenaline and vino.

When it comes to booking the cheapest flights to New Zealand, your only option should be Wotif. Now get going!

Flights to Taupo
|
Flights to Napier
|
Flights to Rarotonga

International Flights

Forget about taking a holiday trip to the next town over. That's not nearly adventurous for you. You don't just want to get out of town, you want to get out of the country. And luckily for you, Wotif has unbelievable offers on
international flights
so you can go to Switzerland, Japan or Iceland on a dime.

Fly Internationally

The United Kingdom is loaded with majestic cities like Dublin, Edinburgh, Belfast and London. Speaking of that last one, Wotif also has incredible offers on
flights to London
that you should be taking advantage of as you read this. Book one as soon as possible and you'll be running around Piccadilly Circus before you know it.

How does taking an extended holiday to a place whose nickname is the "Island of Gods" sound to you? It should sound pretty good, considering you'll be able to surf in some of the world's best waves, as well as hang out at a monkey temple and drink as many Bintang beers as you want (maybe not at the same time). All you have to do is book one of Wotif's
Bali flights
and it's all possible.

We know you've been dreaming about eating at a Michelin-starred restaurant that calls the Eiffel Tower home. Let's be honest, who hasn't fantasised about that? Well, with all the money you saved by booking one of Wotif's
cheap flights to Paris
you'll be able to enjoy a lovely meal and champagne at the gourmet Le Jules Verne.

Welcome to the World

If any city in the world comes in a close second to being named "The City That Never Sleeps", it has to be Thailand's capital of Bangkok. This place oozes energy like you wouldn't believe. Don't believe us? Reserve one of Wotif's
flights to Bangkok
and explore the area of Khaosan Road. You can sample the local bugs and buy some really weird souvenirs.

Think you have what it takes to make it big in Hollywood? Want to rub elbows with celebrities? What about fight off paparazzi? All right, so we can't guarantee any of that will happen if you make a beeline for "La La Land", but we can guarantee that Wotif has unbeatable offers on
Los Angeles flights
. What are you waiting for?

There's no better service to book flights abroad than Wotif, so don't even try. The offers on airfares and cheap flights are second-to-none, so take advantage of them now.

Flights to Hawaii
|
Flights to Phuket
|
Flights to Vancouver
|
Flights to Hong Kong
|
Flights to Singapore
|
Flights to Dubai
|
Flights to New York







*This is the average saving for a flight and hotel package booking made between Jan 2016 and Dec 2016, and not the discounted rate or amount for your booking. Savings calculated based on the cost of a Flight + Hotel booking on Wotif.com as compared to the aggregated price of the full published fare given by the airline and the cost of your hotel for the same travel products for the same travel dates when made separately. Savings will vary based on the origin/destination, length of trip, stay dates and selected travel supplier(s). Savings are not available on all packages. Please confirm the actual discount rate/ price on the booking page.















Explore More





More Travel Options




Australian Capital Territory Hotels

New South Wales Hotels

Northern Territory Hotels

Queensland Hotels

South Australia Hotels

Tasmania Hotels

Victoria Hotels

Western Australia Hotels

Australia Flights

Australia Car Hire

Cheap Flights

Domestic & International Flights

Australia Holiday Packages

Flaming Deals






Wotif




About Wotif

Investor Relations

Advertising

Privacy Policy

Terms of Use

Press Centre

Facebook

Twitter

Instagram

Google+






Partner Services




Add your Hotel

Add an Activity

Become an Affiliate






Global Sites




www.wotif.co.nz

www.wotif.com







©2017 Wotif Group. All rights reserved.
Wotif, Wotif.com and the Wotif logo are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Expedia, Inc. in Australia and/or other countries.All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.



















































