






Wotif Website Terms | Wotif.com



































Skip to main content



















Show menu








Home


Accommodation


Flights


Holiday Packages


Activities


Car Hire


Discover


Subscribe


Blog


SALE


Travel Insurance


Deals




To
required
Please enter an email address
Please enter a valid email address
Use commas to separate multiple email addresses (Maximum 8)
Subject
Message
Send Itinerary
Cancel


Your notifications
1
All caught up!
No new notifications right now.



Account







Sign in to see exclusive Mates Rates.




Sign In




New?
Create an Account










My Lists






Manage Trips





Itineraries



Traveller Tools



Manage My Flight



Manage My Hotel






Support





Customer Support




Feedback


























Home
currently selected



Accommodation



Flights



Holiday Packages



Activities



Car Hire



Discover



Subscribe



Blog



SALE



Travel Insurance



Deals























Beginning of main content





Wotif Website Terms | Wotif.com


Terms and Conditions

Last Revised on November 25, 2016

Agreement between Customer and Expedia

Welcome to www.wotif.com (the "Website"). This Website is operated by Expedia Inc., ARBN 138 063 573, a Washington corporation, located at 333 108th Avenue NE, Bellevue, WA 98004, USA. This Website is provided solely to assist customers in gathering travel information, determining the availability of travel-related goods and services, making legitimate bookings (whether through the Website or the associated call centre) or otherwise transacting business with travel suppliers, and for no other purpose (together the “Services”). The terms "we", "us", "our", "Expedia" and "Expedia Inc." refer to Expedia, Inc., and Expedia’s affiliated companies, including Travelscape, LLC d/b/a Expedia Travel (a company incorporated and resident for all purposes in the USA whose registered office is 10190 Covington Cross Drive, Suite 300, Las Vegas, NV 89144), together the “Expedia Companies”. The term "you" refers to any person visiting the Website and using or seeking to use any of the Services. This Website and the associated Services are offered to you conditioned upon your acceptance without modification of all the terms, conditions, and notices set forth below (collectively, the "Terms of Use" or "Agreement"). Please read these Terms of Use carefully. By accessing or using this Website, booking any reservations for travel-related products or services displayed on the Website, or contacting our call centre (“Service Centre”) representatives, you agree that the Terms of Use then in force shall apply. If you do not agree to the Terms of Use, please do not use, or book any reservations through, this Website or our Service Centre representatives. We reserve the right at any time, at our sole discretion, to replace, change or otherwise modify the Agreement without prior notice by posting the revised version of this Agreement on the Website, and your continued access or use of this Website and the Services on and from the date it is posted to the Website signifies your acceptance of the replacement, updated or modified Agreement.

The information contained on this Website constitutes an invitation to treat and is not capable of acceptance by you. Any booking made or order placed by you shall be deemed to be an offer made by you to purchase the relevant travel related products or services subject to this Agreement and any booking or carriage conditions of the relevant supplier. You acknowledge and agree that this Agreement constitutes a valid and enforceable contract that is formed outside of Australia only once payment has been processed electronically by us. We will process your payment at a location outside of Australia using secure methods.



Use of Website

As a condition of your use of this Website and any of the associated Services, you warrant that: (i) you are at least 18 years of age; (ii) you possess the legal authority to create a binding legal obligation; (iii) you will use this Website or any of the Services only in accordance with these Terms of Use; (iv) you will not use this Website for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by this Agreement; (v) you will only use the Website and the associate Services to make legitimate bookings for you or for another person for whom you are legally authorised to act; (vi) you will inform such other persons about the Terms of Use that apply to the bookings you make on their behalf, including all rules and restrictions applicable thereto; (vii) all information supplied by you on this Website or to a Service Centre representative is true, accurate, current and complete, and, in the case of information you provide about other individuals, you are authorised to provide such information; (vii) if you have a Website account, you will safeguard your account information and will supervise and be completely responsible for any use of your account by you and anyone other than you. If considered necessary to protect the integrity and/or security of the Website and/or the Services, we retain the right, at our sole discretion, to deny anyone access to this Website and/or the Services we offer, at any time and for any reason including, but not limited to, for violation of these Terms of Use.

Privacy Policy

Expedia believes in protecting your privacy. As a user of this Website and any associated service or facility such as the booking engine or Service Centre, you agree and consent to Expedia using and disclosing to third parties your contact and personal information (i.e. your name, e-mail and physical or / postal address and/or other contact details) as set out in our Privacy Policy. Please click
here
to review our current Privacy Policy to understand our practices.

Prohibited Activities

The content and information on this Website (including, without limitation, price and availability information relating to travel products and services), as well as the infrastructure used to provide such content and information, is proprietary to us or our suppliers and providers. Accordingly, as a condition of using this Website, you agree not to use this Website, its contents or information for any commercial or non-personal purpose (direct or indirect). While you may make limited copies of your travel itinerary (and related documents) for travel or service reservations booked through this Website, you agree not to modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, licence, create derivative works from, transfer, or sell or re-sell any information, software, products, or services obtained from this Website. In addition, you agree not to:

(i) use this Website or its contents for any commercial purpose;

(ii) use another person's name, ID or password without permission or use this Website while impersonating another person;

(iii) use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of this Website;

(iv) make any speculative, false, or fraudulent booking or any booking in anticipation of demand;

(v) copy, reproduce, republish, transmit or otherwise communicate to the public any content provided in this Website including, without limitation, text, graphics, button, downloads and software without the express written permission of Expedia except where permitted by law;

(vi) access, monitor or copy any content or information on this Website using any robot, spider, scraper, program, algorithm or other automated means or any manual process for any purpose without our express written permission;

(vii) violate the restrictions in any robot exclusion headers on this Website or bypass or circumvent other measures employed to prevent or limit access to this Website;

(viii) take any action that imposes, or may impose, in the discretion of Expedia, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure;

(ix) post or transmit any unlawful, threatening, defamatory, obscene or indecent material or any material that could constitute conduct that would be considered a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law, regulation or rule that may apply in New South Wales from time to time;

(x) deep-link to any portion of this Website (including, without limitation, the purchase path for any travel services) for any purpose without our express written permission;

(xi) "frame", "mirror" or otherwise incorporate any part of this Website into any other website without our prior written authorization.

If your booking or account shows signs of fraud, abuse or suspicious activity, Expedia may cancel any travel or service reservations associated with your name, email address or account, and close any associated accounts. In addition, we may verify (i.e. preauthorize) your credit card. If you have conducted any fraudulent activity, Expedia reserves the right to take any necessary legal action and you may be liable for monetary losses to Expedia, including litigation costs and damages. To contest the cancellation of a booking or freezing or closure of an account, please contact Expedia Customer Service.

Supplier Rules and Restrictions:

The information displayed on this Website concerning specific travel products and services is provided to us by the relevant travel suppliers (such as airlines or hotels) or their agents (“Third Party Suppliers”).This includes, but it not limited to, information about airfare and hotel prices, rules and availability and the description of hotels and their amenities. The Expedia Companies are not responsible for such information and we rely on the accuracy of the information supplied by the relevant Third Party Suppliers. If we become aware that the information provided by a Third Party Supplier is incorrect in any way, we reserve the right to correct any information (including, but not limited to, pricing information) and amend your booking (in consultation with you) to ensure that it reflects the correct price or otherwise complies with the correct information. Additional charges may be payable by you if you wish to proceed with the affected booking. Such charges will be advised to you at the time of consultation.

Additional terms and conditions imposed by the Third Party Suppliers may also apply to your booking and purchase of travel-related products and services, and we will advise you of these additional terms and conditions where the relevant Third Party Supplier provides them to us. Please read such additional terms and conditions carefully. You agree to abide by the terms and conditions imposed by any Third Party Supplier with whom you elect to deal, including, but not limited to, terms and conditions relating to the payment of all amounts when due, and compliance with the relevant Third Party Supplier's rules and restrictions regarding availability and use of products or services. We reserve the right to cancel your booking if full payment is not received in a timely fashion.

Some Third Party Suppliers offering certain services and/or activities may require you to sign their liability waiver prior to participating in the service and/or activity they offer. You understand that any violation of any such Third Party Supplier's rules and restrictions may result in cancellation of your booking(s), in your being denied access to the applicable travel services and/or activities, in your forfeiting any monies paid for such booking(s), and/or in our debiting your account for any costs we incur as a result of such violation.

The Expedia Companies do not operate or control the travel-related products and services displayed on the Website. Nor do the Expedia Companies act as co-vendors with Third Party Suppliers with whom our customers book travel products or services.

How Our Sort Order is Determined:

As a travelers shopping on our site, you have many options to help you find the perfect hotel, flight, car rental, cruise or activity. The “sort” settings allow you to order search results to your preference, whether based on price, verified review score, or other criteria. The “filter” settings also allow you to include or exclude various options to suit your travel needs. If no options are selected, we will show a range of relevant options in the search results, based on the criteria outlined below:


Lodging: Our default sort order reflects the relevance of properties to your search criteria, as we want to make sure you are able to quickly and easily find the offer that is right for you. We measure relevance by taking into account factors like a property’s location, its review scores, the popularity of the property (measured by how many travelers on our sites make bookings at that property), the quality of the content provided by the property, and the competitiveness of the property’s rates and availability, all relative to other properties meeting your chosen search criteria. The compensation which a property pays us is also a factor for the relative ranking of properties with similar offers, based on the relevance factors described above. On our non-default sorts (for example, if you sort by price or by star rating), we will order properties with similar results based on the factors above.

Flights: Our default sort order is based on lowest price. In cases where two flights have the same price, the shorter flight is listed first.

Car Rental: Our default sort order is primarily driven by price, but we may consider other relevant factors such as popularity, customer reviews, convenience of pickup location, and car type or category.

Cruise: Our default sort order is based on a number of relevant factors such as cruise line rating, ship rating, price per day, origin rating, destination rating, length of cruise, and booking window.

Activities: Our default sort order is manually curated by Expedia’s destination managers familiar with each market, taking into account such factors as price, popularity, distance from hotel options, and traveler feedback.

Vacation Packages: When combining several different travel products into a vacation package, we use the criteria outlined above to determine the sort order for each product.


Additionally, we continually optimize our service to provide you with the best experience. Accordingly, we may test different default sort order algorithms from time to time.

Fares & Prices:

Expedia may offer you the opportunity to book a reservation for a combination of two one-way tickets instead of a roundtrip ticket. Combined one-way tickets may provide a greater choice of flights, are often cheaper and can be combined on the same airline or on different airlines. Unlike roundtrip tickets, each one-way ticket is subject to its own rules, restrictions, and fees. If one of these flights is affected by an airline change (e.g. cancellation or rescheduling) that causes you to make changes to the other flight, you will be responsible for any fees incurred for making changes to the unaffected flight.

Subject to the Note below, you acknowledge and agree that your credit or debit card will be charged by the Expedia Companies or the supplier(s) with which your booking is made (as applicable) for the total booking price of the travel services in full at the time of the booking. This is the price displayed on the Website, plus taxes and service fees (where applicable). Airfare is only guaranteed once the purchase has been completed and the tickets have been issued. Airlines and other travel suppliers may change their prices without notice.

Prices and fees for some low-cost flights originating overseas, or additional baggage fees for certain airlines, may be in another currency (e.g. EUR), for which we will provide an estimate in the default currency of this Website, or selected preferred currency (if applicable). The actual amount charged by the low-cost carrier may slightly differ due to varying exchange rates applied by different card issuers. In addition, your statement may include a conversion or transaction fee (which may be in a foreign currency) charged by your card issuer to process the transaction. Expedia is not associated with these additional fees and will not be held liable for any fees relating to varying exchange rates and card issuer fees.

Accommodations:

Some accommodation providers may require you to present a credit card or cash deposit upon check-in to cover any additional expenses that may be incurred during your stay. You are responsible for the payment of any additional expenses and any deposit taken or amounts charged to your credit card by the relevant accommodation provider are unrelated to any payment made through the Website for your hotel booking. Note: In the event that you book a reservation for accommodations (with the exception of prepaid hotel accommodation as set out below), you acknowledge and agree that all charges, taxes and other costs relating to your booking are payable by you to the accommodation provider at the time requested by the accommodation provider (usually upon check-in or check-out from the accommodation). Expedia is not liable for any costs incurred due to relocation.

Pay Online Now or Pay Later at Hotel:

With certain hotels, you may be presented with the option to pay online now ("Pay Online Now") or pay later at the hotel ("Pay Later at Hotel"). If you select the Pay Online Now option, your credit card will be charged by one of the Expedia Companies (for example, Travelscape) immediately. If you select “Pay Later at Hotel”, the hotel will charge your credit card in the local currency at the time of your stay. Please note that for a Pay Later at Hotel booking, tax rates and foreign exchange rates could change in the time between booking and stay. Your credit card provider may also charge a foreign currency conversion fee. Additionally, please note that our coupons may only be applied to Pay Online Now bookings.

If you are a business traveller and book using the Pay Online Now option (where available), you will not receive a tax invoice for your booking. Some of the Expedia Companies are not required to issue tax invoices for the Pay Online Now option. If you book using the Pay Later at the Hotel option, you should receive a tax invoice from the hotel at the time of your stay. If you require a tax invoice, we recommend that you book using the Pay Later at Hotel option (where available).

Pay Later at Hotel (Postpaid Hotel Reservations):

Pay Later at Hotel is a postpaid hotel reservation. In the event that you book a postpaid hotel reservation, you acknowledge and agree that the total quoted price will be payable by you to the accommodation provider at the time requested by the accommodation provider (usually upon check-in or check-out from the accommodation). The accommodation provider may charge you additional costs for expenses incurred during your stay. If you wish to cancel or change your booking, you must notify us within the cancellation policy period applicable to the relevant hotel (which varies by hotel), or you will be charged the full cost of your stay. In the event you do not show up for the first night of the booking and plan to check-in for subsequent nights in your booking, you must confirm the booking changes with us no later than the date of the first night of the booking to prevent cancellation of your booking. You are responsible for any cancellation or change fees that you incur. Some hotels do not permit changes to or cancellations of bookings after they are made, as indicated in the rules and restrictions for the hotel booking.

Pay Online Now (Prepaid Hotel Reservations):

Pay Online Now is a prepaid hotel reservation. In the event that you book a prepaid hotel reservation, you acknowledge that the Expedia Companies pre-negotiate certain room rates with hotel suppliers to facilitate the booking of reservations for Pay Online Now bookings. You also acknowledge that the Expedia Companies provide you services to facilitate such booking of reservations for a fee (the "facilitation fee"). For certain bookings within the United States and Canada, for instance, the room rate displayed on the Website is a combination of the pre-negotiated room rate and the facilitation fee retained by the Expedia Companies for their services. For some prepaid hotel reservations, one of the Expedia Companies, such as Travelscape, may be the facilitator of your room reservation and also the merchant of record for your Pay Online Now booking. You authorize the Expedia Companies to facilitate reservations for the total reservation price, which includes the room rate displayed on the Website, plus any tax recovery charges, service fees, and where applicable, taxes on the Expedia Companies' services. You agree that your credit card will be charged by an Expedia Company (for example, Travelscape) for the total reservation price. Upon submitting your reservation request you authorize the Expedia Companies to facilitate hotel reservations on your behalf, including making payment arrangements with hotel suppliers.

You acknowledge that except as provided below with respect to tax obligations on the amounts we retain for our services, the Expedia Companies do not collect taxes for remittance to applicable taxing authorities. The tax recovery charges on prepaid hotel transactions are a recovery of the estimated taxes (e.g. sales and use, occupancy, room tax, excise tax, value added tax, etc.) that the Expedia Companies pay to the hotel supplier for taxes due on the hotel's rental rate for the room. The hotel suppliers invoice the Expedia Companies for certain charges, including tax amounts. The hotel suppliers are responsible for remitting applicable taxes to the applicable taxing jurisdictions. Taxability and the appropriate tax rate vary greatly by location. The actual tax amounts paid by the Expedia Companies to the hotel suppliers may vary from the tax recovery charge amounts, depending upon the rates, taxability, etc., in effect at the time of the actual use of the hotel by our customers. We retain service fees as additional compensation in servicing your travel reservation. Service fees retained by the Expedia Companies for their services vary based on the amount and type of hotel reservation. Sales, use and/or local hotel occupancy taxes are imposed on the amounts that we charge for our services (facilitation fee and/or service fee) in certain jurisdictions. The actual tax amounts on our services may vary depending on the rates in effect at the time of your hotel stay.

You may cancel or change your prepaid hotel reservation, but you will be charged the cancellation or change fee indicated in the rules and restrictions for the hotel reservation (which vary by hotel). If you do not cancel or change your reservation before the cancellation policy period applicable to the hotel you reserved, the full cost of your stay will be non-refundable. In the event you do not show for the first night of the reservation and plan to check-in for subsequent nights in your reservation, you must confirm the reservation changes with us no later than the date of the first night of the reservation to prevent cancellation of your reservation. You agree to pay any cancellation or change fees that you incur. Some hotels do not permit changes to or cancellations of reservations after they are made, as indicated in the rules and restrictions for the hotel reservation.

You agree to make payment at the time of booking via a debit to your nominated credit or debit card. The amount charged will be the amount shown on our booking page prior to you clicking the Pay Online Now button on that page. Upon submitting your booking request, you authorize one of the Expedia Companies, (for example, Travelscape), to facilitate the relevant hotel booking, including making payment arrangements with the relevant hotel supplier.

Room Limit:

You may not book reservations for more than 8 rooms online for the same hotel/stay dates. If we determine that you have booked reservations for more than 8 rooms in total in separate reservations, we may cancel your reservations, and charge you a cancellation fee, if applicable. If you paid a non-refundable deposit, your deposit will be forfeited. If you wish to book reservations for 9 or more rooms, you must contact Expedia’s group travel specialists by phone or by filling out the group travel form online. One of our group travel specialists will research your request and contact you to complete your reservation. You may be asked to sign a written contract and/or pay a non-refundable deposit.

Mystery Hotel Bookings:

When available, we may display additional discounted hotel booking options on the Website. These hotels, called Mystery Hotels, are different from other hotels displayed on the Website in several important ways. The name and exact address of the hotel are not shown until after payment has been made for the booking. All bookings are final and cannot be changed, refunded, exchanged, cancelled, or transferred to another party. Your credit card will be charged for the amount shown even if you do not use the booking. Room type will be determined by the hotel based on the number of guests provided at time of booking. All bookings are booked for stays in non-smoking rooms (subject to availability). Hotel room assignments are determined at check-in and upgrades are not available. The maximum number of Mystery Hotels rooms that can be booked at one time is six. All Mystery Hotel rooms will be booked under the same name, and the guest under whose name the booking is made must be present at check-in. Mystery Hotels are not eligible for hotel reward or club programs. Upon check-in, guests must present a valid ID and credit card in their name (the amount of available credit required will vary by hotel). Debit cards may not be accepted.

Special Deals:

From time to time, special deals or vouchers may be displayed on this Website. Such special deals and vouchers are available for a limited time only. You must check with us as to whether a special displayed on this Website is still available.

Additional terms and conditions may apply to special deals or the use of vouchers. You must check this Website or the third party provider of the special deal to determine whether any particular terms and conditions apply.

Booking, Cancellation and Amendment Charges:

If you want to change any details of your itinerary booked through the Website or the Service Centre (such as changing to a different hotel or changing your departure date or airport), we will do our best to help but cannot guarantee that changes will be permitted by the relevant Third Party Supplier. You should call our Service Centre on 1800 796 316.

Requests for a refund of monies paid for any travel products or services booked through the Website or the Service Centre will be governed by the terms and conditions of the relevant supplier, and Expedia is not responsible for, and does not have any control over, such terms and conditions. In particular, you are advised that many airfares are non-refundable and you must check the terms and conditions applicable to the relevant airfare before proceeding with the booking.

We do not charge an amendment fee for changes made by you on any bookings except air bookings, where we do charge an amendment fee. However, the relevant Third Party Supplier may charge a fee in connection with any changes, which will be payable by you (if any). The price of your new arrangements will be based on the prices that apply on the day you ask us to make the change. These prices may not be the same as when you booked the products or services.

Payments and Fees:

Many bank and credit/debit card companies charge their account holders a transaction fee when the card issuer and the "merchant location" (as defined by the card brand (e.g. Visa, MasterCard, American Express)) are in different countries. The currency exchange rate, if applicable, and any transaction fee are determined solely by the bank or other agency processing the transaction. These fees may be applied by the card issuer as a charge to the cardholders account. This means the amount listed on your credit or debit card statement may be a different figure than the figure shown on the billing summary page for a booking made on the Website. If you have any questions about these fees or any exchange rate applied to your booking, please contact your bank.

Currency Converter:

Because in certain instances we receive the price from our suppliers in a foreign currency, the price displayed in search results may vary by a nominal amount from the price displayed at checkout due to the effect of foreign currency conversion. This amount will not exceed 10 Australian cents. The actual amount charged to your credit or debit card is the amount displayed at checkout. If a currency convertor is available on the Website, the following terms and conditions apply: Currency rates are based on various publicly available sources and should be used as guidelines only. Rates are not verified as accurate, and actual rates may vary. Currency quotes are not updated every day. Check the date on the currency converter feature for the day that currency was last updated. The information supplied by this application is believed to be accurate, but the Expedia Companies and/or our respective suppliers do not warrant or guarantee such accuracy. When using this information for any financial purpose, we advise you to consult a qualified professional to verify the accuracy of the currency rates. We do not authorise the use of this information for any purpose other than your personal use and you are expressly prohibited from the resale, redistribution, and use of this information for commercial purposes.


Frequent Flyers/Traveller Program:

If you are a member of an airline's or hotel's frequent travel or other reward or benefit scheme, please ensure that you have entered your correct program number in the special section featured in the booking engine at the time of your booking. Neither Expedia, Inc. nor any of the other Expedia Companies accept any responsibility if the relevant airline/hotel does not accept or does not register your booking for their program and you cannot earn points/miles. You are advised to retain copies of your boarding pass and any other proof of travel/purchase.

Passports, Visas and Travel Documentation:

It is the responsibility of the traveller to ensure that he or she: (a) complies with all applicable government travel requirements including, without limitation, obtaining a passport and visas to enter the destinations to which you are traveling; and (b) checks in by the required check-in time. As there may be delays at the airport, you are advised to arrive at the airport within a reasonable period of time before your flight. We are not responsible for any delays you may experience.

Passports are required for all travellers departing Australia, and for international travel generally. Many countries require that foreign nationals entering hold a passport that is valid for a minimum period after you enter that country, typically 6 months.

When purchasing air travel, the name on the passport must match the name on the ticket otherwise you may not be able to travel and insurance may be invalid. If, after purchasing products or services but before traveling, any member of your party changes their name you must notify the relevant carrier or us immediately so that the necessary changes can be made to your documentation.

It is the responsibility of the traveller to obtain information and advice on the visa requirements of the destinations you propose to visit. Australian citizens should contact the nearest embassy, high commission or consulate of the country you intend to visit well in advance of travel. Requirements may change and you should check for up to date information before booking and departure. We urge customers to review travel prohibitions, warnings, announcements and advisories issued by the relevant governments prior to booking travel to international destinations.

The above information and any links are provided in good faith but should be treated as a guide only. Passport and visa regulations can change and it is your responsibility to ensure that you possess the relevant travel documents before you travel. It can often take some time to obtain a passport and/or visa, so you are advised to apply in plenty of time. We accept no responsibility in any regard in relation thereto including, without limitation, for customers who do not possess the correct travel documents.

The Australian Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade or any of its successors may be able to provide some assistance in relation to the passport and visa requirements for your destination.

Travel Destinations:

Although most travel, including travel to international destinations, is completed without incident, travel to certain destinations may involve greater risk than others. Travellers should review any travel prohibitions, warnings, announcements and advisories issued by the Commonwealth Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade prior to booking travel to international destinations. Information on conditions in various countries and the level of risk associated with travel to particular international destinations can be found on the Australian Government's travel advisory and consular assistance service website currently located at
http://www.smarttraveller.gov.au
.

Health: Recommended inoculations for travel may change and you should consult your doctor for current recommendations before you depart. It is your responsibility to ensure that you meet all health entry requirements, obtain the recommended inoculations, take all recommended medication, and follow all medical advice in relation to your trip.

By offering reservations for travel products to particular international destinations, the Expedia Companies do not represent or warrant that travel to such points is advisable or without risk, and is not liable for damages or losses that may result from travel to such destinations.

Reviews, Comments, Photos and Other Submissions:

We appreciate hearing from you. Please be aware that by submitting content to us by electronic mail, postings on this Website or otherwise, including any hotel reviews, photos, videos, questions, suggestions, comments, ideas or the like contained in any submissions (collectively, "Submissions") you grant to the Expedia Companies and the affiliated, co-branded and/or linked website partners through whom we provide service (collectively, the "Expedia Affiliates"), a universal, non-exclusive, royalty free, perpetual, transferable, sub-licensable and irrevocable right to: (a) use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, distribute, display, create derivative works from and otherwise communicate to the public such Submissions throughout the world in any form, media or technology; and (b) use the name that you submit in connection with such Submission, if they choose. However, you acknowledge that the Expedia Companies may choose to provide attribution of your comments or reviews (for example, listing your name and hometown on a hotel review that you submit) at our discretion. You further grant the Expedia Companies the right to pursue at law any person or entity that violates your or the Expedia Companies’ rights in the Submissions by a breach of these Terms of Use. You acknowledge and agree that Submissions are non-confidential and non-proprietary. You expressly waive any and all ‘moral rights’ (including rights of attribution or integrity) that may subsist in your Submissions and agree that you have no objection to the publication, use, modification, deletion or exploitation of your Submissions by us, the Expedia Affiliates or any of our partners or licencees. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any Submissions posted or submitted by you. We have no obligation to post your comments; we reserve the right in our absolute discretion to determine which comments are published. If you do not accept these Terms of Use, please do not provide us with any Submissions.

You are fully responsible for the content of your Submissions (specifically including, but not limited to, reviews posted to this Website). You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from this Website: (i) any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, or other material or content that would violate rights of publicity and/or privacy or that would violate any law; (ii) any commercial material or content (including, but not limited to, solicitation of funds, advertising, or marketing of any good or services); and (iii) any material or content that infringes, misappropriates or violates any copyright, trademark, patent right or other proprietary right of any third party. You will be solely liable for any damages resulting from any violation of the foregoing restrictions, or any other harm resulting from your posting of content to this Website. You acknowledge that the Expedia Companies have the right to control (e.g. use, publish, remove) any content you submit without notice to you. If you submit more than one review for the same hotel, only your most recent submission is eligible for use.

From time to time we may offer customers incentives to leave reviews (e.g. discount coupon/entry into prize draws, etc.) As it is important to us that reviews are impartial and honest, these incentives will be available to customers regardless of whether the review is positive or negative.

All photos submitted are subject to our Photo Submission Guidelines below.

Expedia claims no ownership, affiliation with, or endorsement of any photos that are submitted by end users through our sites.

All photos submitted are subject to our Photo Submission Guidelines available below:
https://www.wotif.com/p/info-other/community-guidelines.htm

Complaints:

We will try and settle any complaints quickly and fairly and all correspondence should be sent to




Attn: Customer Service




Expedia, Inc




333 108th Avenue NE




Bellevue, WA 98004


Disclaimer:

To the maximum extent permitted by law, the Expedia Companies and their Third Party Suppliers make no representations about the suitability of the information, software, products, and services contained on this website for any purpose, and the inclusion or offering of any products or services on this website does not constitute any endorsement or recommendation of such products or services by the Expedia Companies. All such information, software, products, and services are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind.

To the maximum extent permitted by law, the Expedia Companies and their respective suppliers disclaim all warranties and conditions that this website, its servers or any email sent by the Expedia Companies and/or their respective suppliers are free of viruses or other harmful components.

To the maximum extent permitted by law, the Expedia Companies and their respective suppliers hereby disclaim all warranties and conditions with regard to this information, software, products, and services, including all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement.

The information, software, products, and services published on this Website may include inaccuracies or errors, including pricing errors. In particular and to the maximum extent permitted by law, the Expedia Companies do not guarantee the accuracy of, and disclaim liability for any errors or other inaccuracies relating to, the information and description of the hotel, air, cruise, car and other travel products displayed on this Website (including, without limitation, photographs, list of hotel amenities, general product descriptions, etc.), much of which information is provided by the respective suppliers.

Hotel ratings displayed on this Website are intended only as general guidelines, and the Expedia Companies do not guarantee the accuracy of the ratings. To the maximum extent permitted by law, the Expedia Companies and their respective suppliers make no guarantees about the availability of specific products and services. The Expedia Companies and/or their respective suppliers may make improvements and/or changes in this Website at any time.

The airlines, hotels and other suppliers providing travel products or services through this Website are independent parties and not agents or employees of the Expedia Companies. The Expedia Companies, to the extent permitted by law, are not liable for the acts, errors, omissions, representations, warranties, breaches or negligence of any such suppliers or for any personal injuries, death, property damage, or other damages or expenses resulting therefrom. The Expedia Companies, to the extent permitted by law, have no liability and will make no refund in the event of any delay, cancellation, overbooking, strike, force majeure or other causes beyond their direct control, and they have no responsibility for any additional expense, omissions, delays, re-routing or acts of any government or authority.

Important: Nothing in these Terms & Conditions is intended to limit, exclude or modify or purport to limit, exclude or modify the statutory implied guarantees/warranties that cannot be lawfully limited, excluded or modified as provided under the Competition and Consumer Act 2010 including the statutory consumer guarantees under the Australian Consumer Law or similar laws in the State and Territories of Australia.

Limitation of Liability:

To the maximum extent permitted by law, in no event shall the Expedia Companies, and/or their respective suppliers be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, or consequential damages arising out of, or in any way connected with, your access to, display of or use of this Website or with any delay or inability to access, display or use this Website (including, but not limited to, your reliance upon opinions appearing on this Website; any computer viruses, information, software, linked sites, products, and services obtained through this Website; or otherwise arising out of the access to, display of or use of this Website) whether based on a theory of negligence, contract, tort, strict liability, consumer protection statutes, or otherwise, and even if the Expedia Companies, the Expedia Affiliates and/or their respective suppliers have been advised of the possibility of such damages.

In relation to any liability which cannot be exclude by law or despite the limitation above, if the Expedia Companies or their respective suppliers are found liable for any loss or damage which arises out of or in any way is connected with any of the occurrences described above, then to the maximum extent permitted by law the Expedia Companies’, the Expedia Affiliates’ and/or their respective suppliers’ liabilities will in no event exceed, in the aggregate, the greater of (a) the service fees you paid to Expedia in connection with such transaction(s) on this website, or (b) One-Hundred Dollars (AU$100.00).

The limitation of liability reflects the allocation of risk between the parties. The limitations specified in this section will survive and apply even if any limited remedy specified in these Terms of Use is found to have failed of its essential purpose. The limitations of liability provided in these Terms of Use inure to the benefit of the Expedia Companies, the Expedia Affiliates, and/or their respective suppliers.

If any warranties are implied by law that cannot be excluded, then to the maximum extent permitted by law our liability for breach of such warranties is limited to, at our option:

(a) in the case of products:

(i) the replacement of the products or the supply of equivalent products;

(ii) the payment of the cost of replacing the products or acquiring equivalent products;

(b) in the case of services:

(i) the supply of the services again;

(ii) the payment of the cost of having the services supplied again.

Indemnification:

You agree to defend and indemnify the Expedia Companies, and/or their respective suppliers and any of their officers, directors, employees and agents from and against any claims, causes of action, demands, recoveries, losses, damages, fines, penalties or other costs or expenses of any kind or nature including but not limited to reasonable legal and accounting fees, brought by third parties as a result of:

(a) your breach of this Agreement or the documents referenced herein;

(b) your breach of any law or the rights of a third party; or

(c) your use of this Website.

Links to Third-Party Sites:

This Website may contain hyperlinks to websites operated by parties other than Expedia, Inc. Such hyperlinks are provided for your reference only. We do not control such websites and are not responsible for their contents or the privacy or other practices of such websites. Further, it is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever links you select or software you download (whether from this Website or other websites) is free of such items as viruses, worms, trojan horses, defects and other items of a destructive nature. The inclusion of hyperlinks to such websites does not imply any endorsement of the material on such websites or any association with their operators.

Software Available on Website:

Any software that we make available to download from this Website ("Software"), or through your mobile application store, including the Expedia mobile application (the "Mobile Application"), is the copyrighted work of the Expedia Companies. Your use of the Software is governed by the terms of the end user licence agreement, if any, which accompanies or is included with the Software ("Licence Agreement"). You may not install, copy, or use any Software that is accompanied by or includes a Licence Agreement unless you first agree to the Licence Agreement terms.

For any Software not accompanied by a Licence Agreement, we hereby grant to you, the user, a personal, nonexclusive, revocable and non-transferable licence to download, install and use the Software and/or Mobile Application for viewing and otherwise using this Website and/or accessing the content and information available within the Mobile Application (including, without limitation, price and availability of travel services) in accordance with these Terms of Use and for no other purpose. By installing, copying or otherwise using the Software you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this licence.

Please note that all Software, including without limitation all HTML code, Active X controls and other script contained on this Website, is owned by the Expedia Companies and/or the Affiliates and/or their respective suppliers and is protected by copyright laws and international treaty provisions. Any reproduction or redistribution of the Software is expressly prohibited, and may result in severe civil and criminal penalties. Violators will be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible. Without limiting the foregoing, copying or reproduction of the software to any other server or location for further reproduction or redistribution is expressly prohibited. The software is warranted, if at all, only according to the terms of the licence agreement. Without limiting the foregoing, copying or reproduction of the software to any other server or location for further reproduction or redistribution is expressly prohibited. The software is warranted, if at all, only according to the terms of the licence agreement.

You acknowledge that the Software and any accompanying documentation and/or technical information are subject to applicable export control laws and regulations of the U.S.A. You agree not to export or re-export the Software, directly or indirectly, to any countries that are not subject to U.S.A. export restrictions. Your mobile device must be connected to the internet for the Mobile Application to function correctly. You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for your device to have internet connectivity and are responsible for all sums your service provider may charge you arising out of the Mobile Application transmitting and receiving data (including but not limited to data roaming charges). As further described in our Privacy Policy, the Mobile Application will automatically transfer a small amount of data as part of its normal operation, including how you use the Mobile Application, which Content you access, and technical errors or problems which the Application may encounter while being used. By using the Mobile Application, you acknowledge, agree and consent to the automatic collection of this information.

Copyright and Trademark Notices :

If you are aware of an infringement of any of our trademarks, please let us know by e-mailing us at
hotline@expedia.com
. We only address messages concerning brand infringement at this email address.

Notice of Infringing Material:

If you believe in good faith that materials hosted by us infringe your copyright, you (or your agent) may send us a written notice that includes the following information. Please note that we will not process your complaint if it is not properly filled out or is incomplete. Any misrepresentations in your notice regarding whether content or activity is infringing may expose you to liability for damages.

1. A clear identification of the copyrighted work you claim was infringed.

2. A clear identification of the material you claim is infringing is on the Website, such as a link to the infringing material.

3. Your address, email address and telephone number.

4. A statement that you have a "good faith belief that the material that is claimed as copyright infringement is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law."

5. A statement that "the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."

6. A signature by the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.

Notices of claims of copyright infringement on this website should be emailed to
expcopyright@expedia.com
for the fastest resolution.

You may also send us your notice using the contact information below:




Expedia, Inc.




Attn: IP/Trademark Legal Dept., DMCA Complaints




333 108th Avenue NE




Bellevue WA 98004





OR you may fax it to: (425) 679-7251, Attn: IP/Trademark Legal Dept., DMCA Complaints.

Account Termination:

In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") and other applicable law, EXPEDIA has adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances and at EXPEDIA’s sole discretion, subscribers or account holders who are deemed to be repeat infringers. EXPEDIA may also at its sole discretion limit access to the Website and/or terminate the accounts of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement. If you believe that an account holder or subscriber is a repeat infringer, please provide information sufficient for us to verify that the account holder or subscriber is a repeat infringer when filing your notice.

Counter Notices:

If material you have posted has been taken down, you may file a counter-notification. You may want to seek legal counsel prior to doing so. Please include the following details:

1. Identification of the specific content that was removed or disabled and the location where that content appeared on Expedia’s Website. Please provide the URL address if possible.

2. Your name, mailing address, telephone number and email address.

3. A statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which your address is located, or if your address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which Expedia may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the party who reported your content, or that party’s agent.

4. The following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that I have a good faith belief that the content identified above was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification."

Sign and send to the following address:




Expedia, Inc.




Attn: IP/Trademark Legal Dept., DMCA Complaints




333 108th Avenue NE




Bellevue, WA 98004





OR you may fax it to: (425) 679-7251, Attn: IP/Trademark Legal Dept., DMCA Complaints.

Patent Notices:

One or more patents owned by the Expedia Companies may apply to this Website and to the features and services accessible via the Website. Portions of this Website operate under licence of one or more patents. Other patents pending.

General:

Travelscape’s (d/b/a Expedia Travel) New York sales tax vendor registration number is 880392667 and its New York City hotel occupancy tax registration number is 033960.

Please click here for additional information:

New York State Certificate of Authority

New York City Certificate of Authority

Your use of mapping available on this Website is governed by the Microsoft Terms of Use and Microsoft Privacy Statement and the Google Terms of Use and Google Privacy Statement. Microsoft and Google reserve the right to change their Terms of Use and Privacy Statements at any time, at their sole discretion. Please click here for additional information:

http://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/default.mspx;

http://www.microsoft.com/maps/assets/docs/terms.aspx;

http://www.google.com/privacy/privacy-policy.html;

http://www.google.com/enterprise/earthmaps/legal/us/maps_AUP.html;

http://www.maps.google.com/help/legalnotices_maps.html;

http://maps.google.com/help/terms_maps.html

This Website is operated by Expedia, and this Agreement is governed by the laws of New South Wales, Australia. You hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of New South Wales courts in all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of this Website or any bookings made or information provided through our Service Centre representatives. Use of this Website is unauthorised in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of this Agreement including, without limitation, this paragraph

Expedia may, and you may not, assign, convey, subcontract or delegate rights, duties or obligations hereunder. You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and the Expedia Companies as a result of this agreement or use of this Website.

Our performance of this Agreement is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in this Agreement limits out right to comply with law enforcement requests or other requirements or legal requests relating to your use of this Website or information provided to or gathered by us with respect to such use. To the extent allowed by applicable law, you agree that you will bring any claim or cause of action arising from or relating to your access or use of this Website within two (2) years from the date on which such claim or action arose or accrued or such claim or cause of action will be irrevocably waived.

If any part of this Agreement is found to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions will not in any way be affected or impaired. Our failure or delay in enforcing any provision of this Agreement at any time does not waive our right to enforce the same or any other provision(s) hereof in the future.

This Agreement (and any other terms and conditions referenced herein) constitutes the entire agreement between you and Expedia with respect to this Website and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral, or written, between you and us with respect to this Website. A printed version of this Agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this Agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.

Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.



return to top




^

Back to top


















Trip Planning






Hotels:



Adelaide Hotel
|



Rydges Tradewinds Cairns
|



Sydney CBD Hotels
|



Accommodation Gold Coast
|



Accommodation in Sydney
|



Accommodation Hobart
|



Accommodation Townsville
|



Byron Bay Accommodation
|



Cheap Accommodation Sunshine Coast
|



Hotels Newcastle
|



Hotels in Jasper
|



Hotels Coffs Harbour
|



Melbourne Accommodation CBD
|



Hotel in Brisbane
|



Hotels Perth
|



Melbourne Accommodation
|



Hotels in Mykonos
|



Hotels in Pattaya
|



Hotels Port Macquarie
|



Figtree Hotel
|



Hotels in Cardwell
|



Hotels Scottsdale Tasmania
|



Accom Noosa
|



Accom Canberra
|



Apartment Melbourne
|



Potters Hotel Brewery Resort
|



Cheap Hotels in Grenfell
|



ULTIQA Beach Haven At Broadbeach
|



Carmel by the Sea Reviews





Holiday Packages:



Fiji Package
|



Northern Territory Guide





Flights:



Launceston Cheap Flights












Explore More





More Travel Options




Australian Capital Territory Hotels

New South Wales Hotels

Northern Territory Hotels

Queensland Hotels

South Australia Hotels

Tasmania Hotels

Victoria Hotels

Western Australia Hotels

Australia Flights

Australia Car Hire

Cheap Flights

Domestic & International Flights

Australia Holiday Packages

Flaming Deals






Wotif




About Wotif

Investor Relations

Advertising

Privacy Policy

Terms of Use

Press Centre

Facebook

Twitter

Instagram

Google+






Partner Services




Add your Hotel

Add an Activity

Become an Affiliate






Global Sites




www.wotif.co.nz

www.wotif.com







©2017 Wotif Group. All rights reserved.
Wotif, Wotif.com and the Wotif logo are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Expedia, Inc. in Australia and/or other countries.All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.































