
Discover your World - Wotif Travel Guides



































Account




Log In





Support




Customer Support



Feedback





Terms of Use




Terms of Use



Privacy Policy






















Wotif.com




>



Discover the World




>






















Sydney

Image: Tourism Media











Twelve Apostles

Image: Tourism Media











Whitsunday Islands

Image: Tourism and Events Queensland











Cardrona Alpine Resort

Image: Tourism Media











Auckland

Image: Tourism New Zealand/Scott Venning











Rotorua

Image: Tourism New Zealand/Destination Rotorua











Mt. Wellington

Image: Tourism Media











Noosa Heads

Image: Tourism and Events Queensland











Tumon Beach

Image: Photo courtesy of Guam Visitors Bureau











Burleigh Heads

Image: Tourism Media











Australian Outback Spectacular

Image: Tourism Media











Tahiti

Image: Tourism Media











Rangiroa

Image: Tahiti Tourisme











MONA

Image: Tourism Media











Ubirr

Image: Tourism Media











Queenstown

Image: Tourism Media











Mount Cook National Park

Image: Tourism New Zealand











Noosa Beach

Image: Tourism Media











Eyre Peninsula

Image: Rob Blackburn/SATC











Brisbane

Image: Tourism and Events Queensland











Cathedral Cove Beach

Image: Destination Coromandel











Yasawa Islands

Image: Tourism Media











Northland

Image: Eagles Nest











Hunter Valley

Image: Tourism Media











Mindil Beach

Image: Tourism Media











Sydney

Image: Tourism Media











Great Barrier Reef

Image: Tourism and Events Queensland











Gold Coast

Image: Tourism and Events Queensland











Australia - New Zealand and the South Pacific

Image: Tourism and Events Queensland











Broome

Image: Tourism Western Australia











Maroochydore

Image: Tourism and Events Queensland











Port Vila

Image: Vanuatu Tourism Office











Federation Square

Image: Tourism Media











Brighton Beach

Image: Tourism Media











Great Barrier Reef

Image: Tourism Media











Parliament House

Image: Tourism Media











Whangarei

Image: Destination Northland











Constitution Dock

Image: Tourism Media











Australia - New Zealand and the South Pacific

Image: Tourism Media








Previous




Next

















Come with us on an endless Aussie adventure

Like most well-travelled Aussies, we reckon we know Australia as well as anyone. But the more we roam, the more we discover!






































New South Wales

The Outback, beaches, forests, wine country? Whichever direction you head, New South Wales serves up the best Australia has to offer.




















Victoria

The sky’s the limit in Victoria. The little wedge-shaped state on Australia’s southwest is packed chock-full with diverse experiences.






















Queensland

Larger-than-life Queensland defies definition. Just when you think you’ve got it pinned, Australia’s northeasterly state changes the game.




















South Australia

South Australia is truly the country’s cultural mover and shaker. From wine to coffee, comedy to world music, this state knows how to live it up.






















Western Australia

Vast interiors, 12,000 kilometres of pristine coastline, easy-going cities and the Dreamtime - Western Australia is filled with roads to adventure.




















Tasmania

Isolation and indulgence – Tasmania is truly a place where you can get away from it all while enjoying some of the freshest culture and cuisine.






















ACT

The Australian Capital Territory may be geographically pint-sized by Aussie standards, but the home of the country’s capital packs a punch.




















Northern Territory

Being home to some of Australia’s most iconic imagery is a big responsibility, but the Northern Territory shoulders the load and shines.










View More







Discover the best of New South Wales



















Sydney

There’s something about Sydney that hits you right in the heart. Few cities can quicken the pulse like Australia’s first and favourite.




















Circular Quay - The Rocks

The ghosts of Sydney’s colourful convict past reside happily between its iconic Opera House and Harbour Bridge.






















Byron Bay

The laid-back town that became larger than life, Byron Bay defies definition. If it’s feel-good vibes you want, look no further.




















Surry Hills

Spy new styles in Surry Hills, Sydney’s inner-southern hub for art and fashion.






















Newcastle

There’s something in the water in Newcastle. The city’s swimming beaches and ocean baths are nothing short of legendary.




















Parramatta

Experience the village feel of Parramatta, an outer-western suburb of Sydney that has grown into a city in its own right.




















Coffs Harbour

With uncrowded beaches on the front doorstep and World Heritage-listed rainforest in the backyard, Coffs Harbour has location perfected.






















Woolloomooloo

Wine and dine your way around Woolloomooloo, Sydney’s dazzling harbourside neighbourhood.




















Manly

Guarding the gateway to Sydney Harbour, Manly is every Sydneysider’s favourite place to play.






















Port Macquarie

Port Macquarie has beaches, beaches, beaches. Seventeen of them, in fact. Swim, surf or enjoy sunrise views over the ocean.




















Wollongong

Experience the wonders of Wollongong – the city is a trick of the eye. Stroll the streets and you’ll think you’re in a cosy coastal town.






















Bondi

The beachside ‘burb of Bondi is one of Sydney’s essentials.




















Cronulla Beach

Postcard perfect on Sydney’s southern coast, Cronulla Beach is one of the city’s best-kept secrets.






















Paddington

Style runs deep in Paddington, the inner-eastern hub for Sydney’s fashion-forward denizens.




















Mosman

With its intricate lacework of tiny beaches and pocket-sized coves, Mosman is a neighbourhood of Sydney’s Lower North Shore where you can truly get away from it all.




















Wagga Wagga

Foodies, grab your notebooks because the capital of the Riverina region is a diner’s delight.










View More







Discover the very best of Victoria



















Melbourne

From the maze of laneways that make up the city’s core to the wide streets fit for trams, Melbourne is a puzzle just waiting to be unpacked.




















Melbourne CBD

A maze of laneways and arcades unfolds before you in Melbourne CBD. Get a little lost – you never know what you’ll find.






















Southbank

There’s no better introduction to Melbourne than Southbank, the city’s riverside arts and dining precinct.




















Docklands

A gorgeous harbour with waterfront dining and jaw-dropping city skyline views… this might sound more like another popular Australian city, but surprise – it’s...






















St. Kilda

From beaches to bagels, penguins to pub rock, St Kilda is a Melbourne neighbourhood that can match your every mood.




















South Yarra

Historically the home of Melbourne’s well heeled, South Yarra is a neighbourhood known for its stylish society.




















Carlton

Pull up a seat in the street that taught Melbourne how to eat. La dolce vita lives on in Carlton, the city’s traditional Italian heartland.






















Warrnambool

This coastal city is a playground for all things aquatic.




















Geelong

The city of Geelong is Victoria’s second largest, but you won’t catch this bayside beauty in Melbourne’s shadow.






















Lorne

Whether you’ve made the relaxed village your destination or stumbled across it on your journey along the Great Ocean Road, Lorne will make you want to linger longer.




















Richmond

If your belly is rumbling, don’t go past Richmond. This corner of Melbourne can keep the fussiest of foodies satisfied.






















Bendigo

Bendigo is a regional city with a twist. Its quaint old buildings aren’t faded icons of gold-rush glory – they’ve been brought careening into the 21st century.




















Brunswick

Melbourne’s multicultural heart beats in Brunswick, where nations from around the world make their mark.






















Brighton

Picture-perfect Brighton has got the mix of leisure and style just right. High-end glamour meets coastal chill in this beachside suburb.




















Prahran

Glitzy, glamorous and effortlessly chic: Prahran has long been lauded as Melbourne’s fashion runway.






















Ballarat

Built on the irresistible glitter of gold, Ballarat’s stately old buildings tell the story of the city.




















North Melbourne

Stock up at the Victoria Markets, explore the CBD or have a flutter at Flemington in this neighbourhood.






















Apollo Bay

Once the home of whalers and timber cutters, today Apollo Bay is a haven for nature lovers, foodies and music buffs.




















Williamstown

For mellow beaches, city views, salty history and crafty brews, set sail to Williamstown, Melbourne’s very first port.




















Sorrento

When it comes to waterfront, Sorrento takes the prize. Check out bayside or ocean coastlines – Sorrento spoils you like that.






















Fitzroy

Want a glimpse into tomorrow’s trends? Spend a day exploring the buzzing streets of Fitzroy and you’ll be ahead of the curve.




















Portsea

Portsea sits astride the sheltered bay and surging ocean swell, perched on the tapered tip of the Mornington Peninsula.






















Windsor

Whether you’re banishing a hangover or re-energising after a workout, start the weekend right with an adventurous brunch and barista-brewed coffee.




















Collingwood

Find out how a trend ticks in Collingwood, Melbourne’s inner-northern incubator for style. If there’s a flavour of the week, you’ll see it here first.










View More







Discover the very best of Queensland



















Gold Coast

From lofty rainforests to endless beaches, thrilling theme parks to sparkling nightlife, come and discover why this is the coast that outshines them all.




















Brisbane

Brisbane’s river, hillsides and sunshine provides the perfect stage for a glistening capital that’s fast giving its southern cousins a real run for their money.






















Surfers Paradise

Few places could live up to a name this bold, but Surfers Paradise is true to its title. This waterfront oasis is a magnet for lovers of sun, sea and surf.




















Cairns

It’s all about the great outdoors in Cairns. The coastal city holds the key to Tropical North Queensland; all you have to do is step outside.






















Broadbeach

Broadbeach is one to watch on the Gold Coast. Formerly regarded as the little sister to Surfers Paradise, Broadie is all grown up.




















Port Douglas

Port Douglas marks the spot where the rainforest meets the reef. Discover two World Heritage-listed treasures side by side in this coastal town in Tropical North...




















Spring Hill

Talk a walk through inner-city Spring Hill, where the ghosts of Brisbane’s convict days, welcoming pubs and sweeping views are never far away.






















Townsville

When it comes to Townsville, skip the taxi fare. This Northern Queensland hub is best experienced on foot.




















Coolangatta

Coolangatta is Queensland’s most southerly town and a portal to both the Gold Coast and northern New South Wales.






















Palm Cove

Relax resort-style in Palm Cove, a coastal community with its sights fixed firmly on the Coral Sea.




















Main Beach

From houseboats to jet boats, humble fish ‘n’ chips to the finest dining, this northern stretch of Gold Coast perfection has it all.






















South Bank

Stretched across the southern banks of the Brisbane River, South Bank is Brisbane’s thriving cultural and festival hub.




















Mooloolaba

If you were in Mooloolaba, you could reach the beach from your accommodation in the time it takes to finish reading this paragraph. Tempted yet?






















Fortitude Valley

From the rattle of morning Yum Cha trolleys to all-night dance floor beats, Fortitude Valley is the centre of round-the-clock action in Brisvegas.




















Mermaid Beach

Mermaid Beach is one of the Gold Coast’s most coveted seaside strips. Millionaires, not mermaids, reside in this beachfront locale.






















Woolloongabba

Where trams and trolleybuses once clattered through transport depots, you’ll now find an eclectic collection of bars, boutiques and parks.




















Caloundra

The ocean steals the show in Caloundra. The Sunshine Coast’s southernmost community faces a sublime sweep of Pacific shoreline.






















Kangaroo Point

With gorgeous river views on three sides, Kangaroo Point takes a clear lead for Brisbane’s prettiest neighbourhood.




















Burleigh Heads

Packaged up in a neat little parcel on the southern fringe of the Gold Coast, Burleigh Heads is a pleasure to unwrap.




















Mackay

Ever-modest Mackay is one of Queensland’s most down-to-earth destinations.






















Maroochydore

Touted as the Sunshine Coast’s cultural heartland, Maroochydore sure loves to entertain.




















New Farm

Hemmed on three sides by the lazy Brisbane River, New Farm has a cosy village feel and gorgeous water views.






















Redcliffe

Grab your beach towel and esky and make tracks to Redcliffe, the seaside suburb that’s been welcoming families and seafood lovers for generations.




















Toowoomba

While endless sunny days characterise Queensland’s east coast, Toowoomba likes to mix things up a little.






















Southport

From the district’s well-heeled showbiz scene of the late 1890s to its current role as the city’s CBD, Southport knows how to do business.




















Rainbow Beach

Kick back beneath the coloured dunes of Rainbow Beach, one of Queensland’s favourite fishing and off-road destinations.






















Mount Tamborine

Drag yourself away from the beach and head to the hills, where fine wines, inspiring crafts, soaring forests and plunging waterfalls await.




















Hervey Bay

Hervey Bay is a coastal city with beaches so beautiful even the whales have caught wind of them.






















Noosa

Spend a morning relaxing at the beach, shop all afternoon at Noosa’s boutiques and then put on a glam outfit for alfresco dining at one of the town’s varied...




















Paddington

The rolling hills and jumble of timber-and-tin homes give Paddington the feel of a picturesque village nestled near the high-rises of the CBD.










View More







Discover the very best of South Australia



















Adelaide

No longer just the “City of Churches”, Adelaide is now also one of Australia’s high temples to the good life.




















Victor Harbor

Victor Harbor is a town perched on the edge of dizzying sea cliffs on the south coast of the Fleurieu Peninsula.






















Mount Gambier

Delve into Mount Gambier’s caves and waters and discover the gem of South Australia’s Limestone Coast.




















Port Lincoln

Taste the fruits of the sea in Port Lincoln, one of the country’s seafood heavyweights.




















Whyalla

Drop anchor in historic Whyalla, the port town that’s launched a thousand ships.










View More







Discover the very best of Western Australia



















Perth

Perth has a penchant for big things. The capital of Western Australia has got a well-earned rep for its big beaches and even bigger skies.




















Broome

Looking for jaw-dropping sunsets and outback adventures you’ll carry with you forever? Make tracks to the pearl of Western Australia’s tropical north coast.






















Fremantle

Fremantle is Perth’s straight-talking sidekick, a poky port city with an eclectic twist.




















Busselton

Busselton is Western Australia’s holiday heartland. The maker of many happy memories is an old-fashioned beach retreat with roots stretching back to the 1890s.






















Bunbury

Bunbury is a cruisy portside city perched on a point overlooking the Indian Ocean.




















Mandurah

Mandurah is where the magic of the Indian Ocean and WA’s forests and vineyards meet.










View More







Discover the very best of Tasmania



















Hobart

Hobart captures the imaginations of food, arts and nature lovers from all over the globe.




















Launceston

Standing grandly on the banks of the Tamar River, Launceston is a masterwork of architectural beauty.






















Battery Point

Take it easy in Battery Point, where a maze of narrow laneways will reveal quaint cafés and galleries to intrepid wanderers.




















New Norfolk

Affectionately nicknamed the capital of the Derwent Valley, New Norfolk is an enchanting little township packed with history.




















Bellerive

Bellerive’s old quarter on the eastern shores of the Derwent River is the perfect place to experience some of Hobart’s maritime history.










View More







Discover the very best of the Australian Capital Territory



















Canberra

Ever easy on the eye, Canberra is a triumph of design. Australia’s capital city was laid out by expert architects and the proof is in the panorama.




















Kingston

Experience the local lifestyle in Canberra’s bold southern precinct, Kingston.






















Acton

The future starts today in Acton, Canberra’s energetic central neighbourhood on Lake Burley Griffin’s northern banks.




















Capital Hill

The grassy rise of Capital Hill is Canberra’s crowning feature. The perfectly circular hilltop locale is the core from which the rest of the city radiates.




















Deakin

Home to the Prime Minister and foreign diplomats, when it comes to gracious living, the suburb of Deakin is right on the money.










View More







Discover the very best of the Northern Territory



















Darwin

The gateway to outback adventures and a laid-back state of mind that few other capitals can match - get ready for Darwin’s warm Top End embrace.




















Alice Springs

The heart of Australia’s Red Centre lies in Alice Springs. Scratch the surface of the Northern Territory’s red-dirt dominion because there’s another world to...










View More












More Travel Options





Australia Hotels



Australia Flights



Australia Car Hire



Cheap Flights



Domestic & International Flights



Australia Holiday Packages



Flaming Deals







Wotif





About Wotif



Investor Relations



Advertising



Privacy Policy



Terms of Use



Press Centre



Facebook



Twitter



Instagram



Google+







Partner Services





Add your Hotel



Add an Activity



Become an Affiliate







Global Sites





New Zealand



Australia





©2017 Wotif Group. All rights reserved.
Wotif, Wotif.com and the Wotif logo are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Expedia, Inc. in Australia and/or other countries.All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.

























