






Wotif.com | The home of holidays


























Close





Want access to exclusive rates?
Sign up
to save an extra 10% or more on selected hotels with Mates Rates






Skip to main content



















Show menu








Home


Accommodation


Flights


Holiday Packages


Activities


Car Hire


Discover


Subscribe


Blog


SALE


Travel Insurance


Deals




To
required
Please enter an email address
Please enter a valid email address
Use commas to separate multiple email addresses (Maximum 8)
Subject
Message
Send Itinerary
Cancel


Your notifications
1
All caught up!
No new notifications right now.



Account







Sign in to see exclusive Mates Rates.




Sign In




New?
Create an Account










My Lists






Manage Trips





Itineraries



Traveller Tools



Manage My Flight



Manage My Hotel






Support





Customer Support




Feedback


























Home



Accommodation



Flights



Holiday Packages



Activities



Car Hire



Discover



Subscribe



Blog



SALE



Travel Insurance



Deals























Beginning of main content







PACKED WITH
VALUE











Millions of hotel reviews from Aussie travellers and a wealth of local knowledge. Check out Wotif Insider

Learn More






The online destination for travel deals. Anytime, everyday there will be a travel deal perfect for your next trip.

Learn More






Search, plan & book everything – flights, hotels, packages, activities, car hire and travel insurance… all here.

Learn More




























We are committed to providing Wotif customers with great value anytime, every day. Our local knowledge and everyday deals make Wotif the perfect destination for everything travel - search, plan and book your next trip all here.






Local Knowledge
Tab 1 of 3
selected
Everyday Deals
Tab 2 of 3
Everything Travel
Tab 3 of 3




Local Knowledge

Wotif.com launched in 2000 as Australia’s first online travel agent website. Since then we have helped 1-in-2 Aussies on a trip around Australia, New Zealand and the world. How can you benefit from this know-how?











Verified Reviews

Search from more than 9 million people who've travelled the world, including trusted reviews from more than 1.5 million Aussies who have traveled with Wotif.













Get Inspired

Be inspired for your next trip by checking out
www.wotif.com/wotifinsider
, your go-to for top travel tips and advice from our local travel experts.

Learn More












Local Promotions

Whenever local public holidays, school holidays or events are coming up, Wotif will showcase our top deals to a variety of destinations so you can still find our recommendations for travel during even the most popular times of the year. We recommend booking as early as possible to snap up the best deal.

See Deals











Everyday Deals


No hotel booking fees

Wotif is the online destination for travel deals. Book with confidence with our Price Promise and rest assured that for your hotel booking there are no Wotif booking fees. Here are some tips on how to find our best value











Flaming Deal
®
Packages

These are our best package combinations of flights and hotels to destinations in Australia and around the world. The savings are huge – sometimes even equivalent to the cost of your flight. Look out for the Flaming Deal
®
Package symbol to search these offers.

See Deals












Wotif Daily Deals

New amazing deals every day on hotels can be found on our deals page and at the top of your search results marked “Daily Deals” These offers have significant savings from the hotel’s most currentl rate . Check here every day for dealspiration to let the value guide your next trip. There are new deals every day, so if you see a great deal – snap it up!

See Deals












Mates Rates

Save an extra 10% or more on select hotels, on top of Wotif’s everyday deals when you subscribe. So you will need to
Sign up
, sign in or download the Wotif app to shop these exclusive rates all day, every day. You’ll find Mates Rates on select hotels in Australia, New Zealand and overseas, so wherever you’re going, look out for Mates Rates and save.

See Deals












Book Now Pay Later

Never miss a deal with our Book Now,Pay Later offers. For a huge selection of our hotels you can secure the deal you want now, and pay later at the hotel.

See Deals










Everything Travel

We make getting away simple – search, plan and book everything in one place with Wotif. Book with us on any device and trust in our Hotel and Package Price Promise*.











Wotif Mobile App

It’s not only about booking your flights, hotels and activities. The Wotif App helps you through the rest of your journey. Not just an itinerary, our App offers:


Syncing with our desktop site for your bookings when you are signed in.

Hotel check in, map and contact information.

Flight times and updates on delays (often before the airline provides them).

Provide real-time reviews
to our customer service centre if you have any issues.

PLUS take advantage of our mobile exclusive deals


Learn More












Customer Support

A free call away wherever you are in the world – round the clock 24/7. We’ve got your back.

Learn More












You're in Control

Manage your booking online
including changing and cancelling hotel reservations. You can book upfront or reserve now and pay later.

Learn More














Wotif Price Promise

The Wotif Price Promise ensures you get the lowest possible price for your trip. Find a cheaper hotel or package (flight + hotel) online within 24 hours of booking and we'll match the lower price by refunding you the difference.
Terms and conditions apply.




Eligibility checklist:

If you've booked your hotel or package (flight + hotel) on Wotif.com in the last 24 hours, make sure that the details are the same. Do they include identical:


Travel dates & times

Change / cancel policy

Airline and booking class (for packages)

Room type

Hotel extras (breakfast / wifi, etc.)

Does the competitor offer include all taxes and fees, and is the total price quoted in AUD?

Is the competitor offer available to the general public?

Is the travel item a prepaid booking? (ie.a pay now booking)

Are you able to provide online proof of the above?


Note: Price Promise excludes post-pay hotel bookings (where payment is taken by the hotel at the time of your stay), standalone flights, activities and insurance.





Claiming a Price Promise:

Step 1:

Book your hotel or package (Flight + hotel).

Step 2:

If you have answered yes to the eligibility criteria and everything matches grab your itinerary and proceed to online claim form:


Price Promise Application


If you haven't booked yet and would prefer to book and validate the Price Promise with one of our experienced agents please call our call centre
1800 796 403









Luggage Allowance

Flaming deals
®



Luggage Allowance

hotel deals



Luggage Allowance

domestic & international flight deals



Luggage Allowance

holiday packages



Luggage Allowance

activities



Luggage Allowance

Cars deals






Terms and Conditions

#Hotel only prices are for the stated travel period, based on twin share and include taxes and fees. Sample prices are subject to availability. Prices are per night based on twin share and include taxes and fees. Deals may change or be discontinued without notice. Hotel-specific conditions may apply and are noticed prior to booking. Additional restrictions including minimum stay, blackout dates, available room types and advance purchase may apply.

*Sample package prices include accommodation plus roundtrip airfare for travel during the stated period. Prices are per person, based on double occupancy at hotel and lowest available airfare, inclusive of taxes and fees. Prices will vary by date, departure city, and availability. Additional restrictions including minimum stay, blackout dates, available room types and advance purchase may apply.

^Flight offers are subject to availability and may be discontinued without notice. Prices are "from" prices based on the lowest available fare on the sample travel dates and will be confirmed prior to any payment being made. This price is not guaranteed until paid in full by cleared funds and your tickets are issued. Fees may apply for checked baggage. Payment made by credit card may also incur a credit card service fee charged by the airline. Flight prices shown include any booking fees that may be applicable to low cost carriers. Total purchase price, inclusive of any applicable fees, is displayed on the flight details page prior to booking confirmation. Blackout dates and other restrictions may apply. Fares may be non-refundable and are not transferable. Name changes may not be permitted.

What is the wotif.com Price Promise?

If you find the exact same deal online at a lower publicly available price than
on wotif.com, we will refund you the difference (within 24 hours of booking
on wotif.com).

Where is the catch?

It must be an "Apples to Apples" comparison and you must notify us either prior
to, or within 24 hours of, your booking with wotif.com. A couple of other
items to check:

•Is the booking on wotif.com in your name?

•Has the travel item been paid in full at time of claim?

Are you eligible?

If you've booked your hotel or package (flight + hotel) on wotif.com in
the last 24 hours, make sure that the details are the same. Do they include identical:

•Travel dates & times

•Change / cancel policy

•Airline and booking class (for packages)

•Room type

•Hotel extras (breakfast / wifi, etc.)

•Does the competitor offer include all taxes and fees, and is the total price quoted
in AUD?

•Is the competitor offer available to the general public?

•Is the travel item a prepaid booking? (ie.a pay now booking)

•Are you able to provide online proof of the above?

Note: excludes post-pay hotel bookings (where payment is taken
by the hotel at the time of your stay), standalone flights, activities
and insurance.

If you answered YES to this checklist, you may be eligible for our Price Promise.
Please follow the following steps to submit your claim.

What's the next step?

If you meet the above criteria please complete our online application.
If you haven't booked yet (believe you meet the above criteria) and would prefer
to book and validate the with one of our experienced agents please
call our call centre 1800 796 403. They will verify your claim and, if successful,
they will make your new booking and process a refund (to the same credit card) for
the amount of the difference between the price of the competitor offer and the same
offer booked on wotif.com.

The Fine Print

wotif.com Price Promise claims will not be accepted if, in our opinion
and acting reasonably, the claim has occurred as the result of a printing, uploading
or other error or is made fraudulently or in bad faith. wotif.com will not
accept screenshots or other purported evidence of a lower price that cannot be independently
confirmed by wotif.com personnel. wotif.com may modify or discontinue
the wotif.com or restrict its availability to any person,
at any time, without prior notice or liability to you, except where excluding or
limiting liability is prohibited by law. The terms that are in effect at the time
of your booking will determine your eligibility under the wotif.com Price Promise. The failure by wotif.com to enforce any provision of these
Terms & Conditions shall not constitute a waiver of that provision.

^^ Price Promise is subject to eligibility requirements and the
Terms and Conditions.





























Explore More





More Travel Options




Australian Capital Territory Hotels

New South Wales Hotels

Northern Territory Hotels

Queensland Hotels

South Australia Hotels

Tasmania Hotels

Victoria Hotels

Western Australia Hotels

Australia Flights

Australia Car Hire

Cheap Flights

Domestic & International Flights

Australia Holiday Packages

Flaming Deals






Wotif




About Wotif

Investor Relations

Advertising

Privacy Policy

Terms of Use

Press Centre

Facebook

Twitter

Instagram

Google+






Partner Services




Add your Hotel

Add an Activity

Become an Affiliate






Global Sites




www.wotif.co.nz

www.wotif.com







©2017 Wotif Group. All rights reserved.
Wotif, Wotif.com and the Wotif logo are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Expedia, Inc. in Australia and/or other countries.All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.















