







Car Hire: Cheap Car Hire Deals and Rental Discounts | Wotif





























































Close





Want access to exclusive rates?
Sign up
to save an extra 10% or more on selected hotels with Mates Rates






Skip to main content



















Show menu








Home


Accommodation


Flights


Holiday Packages


Activities


Car Hire


Discover


Subscribe


Blog


SALE


Travel Insurance


Deals




To
required
Please enter an email address
Please enter a valid email address
Use commas to separate multiple email addresses (Maximum 8)
Subject
Message
Send Itinerary
Cancel


Your notifications
1
All caught up!
No new notifications right now.



Account







Sign in to see exclusive Mates Rates.




Sign In




New?
Create an Account










My Lists






Manage Trips





Itineraries



Traveller Tools



Manage My Flight



Manage My Hotel






Support





Customer Support




Feedback


























Home
currently selected



Accommodation



Flights



Holiday Packages



Activities



Car Hire



Discover



Subscribe



Blog



SALE



Travel Insurance



Deals























Beginning of main content







+

Your flight purchase qualifies you for up to 55% off select
hotels
for your

trip


+

Your recent booking qualifies you for up to 40% off select
hotels
for your

trip


Offer expires in
hh:mm:ss





Travel alert: Volcanic activity in the east of Bali could impact travel.  Everything you need to know,
here
.
travel alert close
Search for a Trip
Remove







Customers rate Wotif


4.5 out of 5 stars




Based on
reviews.

Powered by







Everyday Deals:
Anytime, everyday you can find the perfect travel deal for your next trip.







Local Knowledge:
Millions of hotel reviews from Aussie travellers and a wealth of local knowledge.






Everything Travel:
Search, plan & book - flights, hotels, packages, activities and car hire ... all here


































































Today’s Popular Destinations














































































Spotlight on Travel














































































Spotlight on Travel














































































Spotlight on Travel














































































Spotlight on Travel











































































































































































Car Hire in Australia

"Wow, Australia is so small!" said no one ever. With wide open bush country, gorgeous coastlines and busy cities, the Land Down Under was made for long drives along the scenic route. Book an awesome rental car and plan your next holiday with lots of time for cruising the highways and byways with the windows down and your favourite tunes turned up. We've got a wide selection of cheap car hire options all over Australia. Check 'em out and get on your way!

Hit the Road!

Book
car hire in Port Douglas
and head to Four Mile Beach—or 6.43km Beach, because Australia. Near the north coast of Queensland, Port Douglas is within floating distance to the Great Barrier Reef, and a 91km drive to Mount Lewis National Park!

South of Port Douglas, Cairns has its own share of jaw-dropping ocean views. Score car hire in Port Douglas and visit the Daintree Rainforest—a canopy of misty trees is the perfect partner to the bright blue water of the Coral Sea.

When you wanna make your holiday easy and breezy, book a
Brisbane car rental
and head to Brissie! Drive along the winding river to see the Queensland capital from behind the wheel, then take a spin on the Wheel of Brisbane for the ultimate vantage point.

Got a thing for shimmering sand? Who doesn't? Goldie is waiting with easygoing neighbourhoods and some of the best wave breaks in Queensland. Throw your longboard in the back of one of our
Gold Coast car hire
options and hurry to Surfers Paradise Beach!

On the south coast of Victoria, Melbourne has gorgeous bay views for days. But this city isn't just a pretty face—it has a great personality, too. Pick up one of our
Melbourne car hire
deals and visit hip neighbourhoods, from Fitzroy to St Kilda.

The capital of Western Australia is a cultural centre and a stellar place to start a road trip through the Swan Valley. So slide into a great
car hire in Perth
and take it for a spin along Swan River before hitting the open road!

Stop Spinning Your Wheels

Going on holiday has never been easier. With a cheap car rental from Wotif, you'll have the freedom to explore Australia's most beloved destinations on your own time with ridiculously good-looking rates. Let's roll!

Darwin Car Hire
|
Adelaide Car Hire
|
Sydney Car Hire
|
Tasmania Car Hire
|
Broome Car Hire
|
Townsville Car Hire
|
Canberra Car Hire

Cheap Car Hire in New Zealand

New Zealand may be a small island country, but it's the place to be for big, bold adventures. What better way to explore the stunning coastlines, rugged mountain ranges and green valleys than by saving a ton of cash on cheap car hire? Add awesome
car rentals in New Zealand
to your next trip to the Land of the Long White Cloud and you'll be chasing waterfalls, hiking volcanic craters and chilling with wild sheep before you know it.

Rental Cars and Kiwis

When you're craving a culture fix in a totally smashing city, get behind the wheel of an
Auckland car hire
option! Located on the North Island, Auckland is the country's busiest metropolis. It's home to art galleries, islets, museums and dormant volcanos. No big deal.

Rotorua will see Auckland's volcanos and raise them natural hot springs. That's right, traveller, Rotorua has earned every letter of its nickname "Sulphur City" thanks to its abundance of geothermal activity. Translation? Snag
car hire in Rotorua
and make a beeline to the Waikite Valley Thermal Pools and the colourful springs at Waiotapu.

You could spend days browsing national museums and wandering through gorgeous gardens and nature reserves in the capital city. But add on a few days to cruise the countryside. Located on the south coast of North Island, Wellington is a 40km drive from Akatarawa Forest, so book a wicked
Wellington car hire
option and pack your walking boots!

If small-town charm and enchanting architecture strike your fancy, then pick out one of our classy
Christchurch rental cars
and roll through the snapshot-ready landscape. You'll pass by historic grey-stone landmarks and shiny contemporary high-rises on your way to afternoon tea.

Whether you've got to break in some new skis or you're itching for a sunny waterfront walk, Queenstown can accommodate. Swoop down the slopes at the Remarkables Ski Area or hike around Moke Lake—either way, our
Queenstown car rentals
will come in handy.

New Zealand Or Bust!

New Zealand is calling, and Wotif has the hottest deals on cheap car rental to get you all around the islands. Pack your bags and buckle your safety belt. It's time to roll!

Taupo Car Hire
|
Car Hire in Napier
|
Rarotonga Car Rental

International Car Hire

You'd call yourself a globetrotter if it weren't for the fact that you would never trot anywhere. You're a globe-cruiser, because the best way to see the world is with the freedom of a rental car and your sense of adventure! With Wotif, you'll get the best deals on holiday wheels in popular destinations all over the world.

Drive Around the World

On New Zealand's South Island, Queenstown is a hub for outdoor escapades, and you can't hit all of it without car hire. During the winter, ski down the slopes at Coronet Peak and The Remarkables, and when the snow melts, no worries! Hike the scenic trails around Lake Wakatipu. Whenever you visit, pick up a
car hire in Queenstown
with room for all your gear.

Enchanting photos of Christchurch's historic Canterbury Museum and Hagley Park will have you envying the townsfolk something fierce. Stop being jelly and visit this small city with extraordinary sunsets. Book one of our
Christchurch car hire
options and chase the horizon.

New Zealand's biggest city is home to more than awesome cultural venues. There's a park right in the middle of the city—Auckland Domain—that was built in a volcanic crater. So when you're driving a chic
car rental in Auckland
, stop for an experience you're gonna "lava lot". We'll show ourselves out.

Los Angeles is a driver's city. Whether you're itching to roll down Hollywood Boulevard or wind your way along the Pacific Coast Highway, make sure to roll down the windows of your
Los Angeles car rental
and turn up the Beach Boys.

Up in NorCal, San Francisco is home to historic townhouses, misty bay mornings, and a little something locals call the Mission burrito…why sacrifice your eating and touring to public transport when you can score rental car deals? Trust us, you don't want to miss a single stunning view or delicious bite to eat, so book
car hire in San Francisco
and get ready to explore the Bay Area.

No list of must-drive destinations is complete without Sin City. You'll probably take to the infamous Vegas Strip on foot with quarters in your pockets and glitter on your clothes, but you'll want—no, need—one of our
Las Vegas car rentals
for a drive through the nearby Red Rock Canyon.

With Wotif, you can score sweet deals on cheap car hire options all over the world! So pack your driving gloves and check out our most popular destinations, because where we're going we definitely need roads.

New York Car Hire
|
Dallas Car Hire
|
Vancouver Car Hire
|
London Car Hire
|
Bali Car Hire
|
Phuket Car Hire
|
Dubai Car Hire







*This is the average saving for a flight and hotel package booking made between Jan 2016 and Dec 2016, and not the discounted rate or amount for your booking. Savings calculated based on the cost of a Flight + Hotel booking on Wotif.com as compared to the aggregated price of the full published fare given by the airline and the cost of your hotel for the same travel products for the same travel dates when made separately. Savings will vary based on the origin/destination, length of trip, stay dates and selected travel supplier(s). Savings are not available on all packages. Please confirm the actual discount rate/ price on the booking page.















Explore More





More Travel Options




Australian Capital Territory Hotels

New South Wales Hotels

Northern Territory Hotels

Queensland Hotels

South Australia Hotels

Tasmania Hotels

Victoria Hotels

Western Australia Hotels

Australia Flights

Australia Car Hire

Cheap Flights

Domestic & International Flights

Australia Holiday Packages

Flaming Deals






Wotif




About Wotif

Investor Relations

Advertising

Privacy Policy

Terms of Use

Press Centre

Facebook

Twitter

Instagram

Google+






Partner Services




Add your Hotel

Add an Activity

Become an Affiliate






Global Sites




www.wotif.co.nz

www.wotif.com







©2017 Wotif Group. All rights reserved.
Wotif, Wotif.com and the Wotif logo are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Expedia, Inc. in Australia and/or other countries.All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.



















































