







Holiday Packages: Deals On Cheap Holidays (Flight + Hotel) | Wotif





























































Close





Want access to exclusive rates?
Sign up
to save an extra 10% or more on selected hotels with Mates Rates






Skip to main content



















Show menu








Home


Accommodation


Flights


Holiday Packages


Activities


Car Hire


Discover


Subscribe


Blog


SALE


Travel Insurance


Deals




To
required
Please enter an email address
Please enter a valid email address
Use commas to separate multiple email addresses (Maximum 8)
Subject
Message
Send Itinerary
Cancel


Your notifications
1
All caught up!
No new notifications right now.



Account







Sign in to see exclusive Mates Rates.




Sign In




New?
Create an Account










My Lists






Manage Trips





Itineraries



Traveller Tools



Manage My Flight



Manage My Hotel






Support





Customer Support




Feedback


























Home
currently selected



Accommodation



Flights



Holiday Packages



Activities



Car Hire



Discover



Subscribe



Blog



SALE



Travel Insurance



Deals























Beginning of main content







+

Your flight purchase qualifies you for up to 55% off select
hotels
for your

trip


+

Your recent booking qualifies you for up to 40% off select
hotels
for your

trip


Offer expires in
hh:mm:ss





Travel alert: Volcanic activity in the east of Bali could impact travel.  Everything you need to know,
here
.
travel alert close
Search for a Trip
Remove







Customers rate Wotif


4.5 out of 5 stars




Based on
reviews.

Powered by







Everyday Deals:
Anytime, everyday you can find the perfect travel deal for your next trip.







Local Knowledge:
Millions of hotel reviews from Aussie travellers and a wealth of local knowledge.






Everything Travel:
Search, plan & book - flights, hotels, packages, activities and car hire ... all here


































































Today’s Popular Destinations














































































Spotlight on Travel














































































Spotlight on Travel














































































Spotlight on Travel














































































Spotlight on Travel











































































































































































Australian Holiday Packages

Holidays should be all about relaxing on a picture-perfect beach without a care in the world. It'll be hard to find a better place to do that than in this coastal Queensland city. Take a look at Wotif's incredible offers on
Gold Coast holidays
and forget all about the deadlines and annoying co-workers you left back home.

Not only are our holiday packages price-friendly, they come with some cool stuff like bundled flights and hotels. Let's be real, what more could you ask for? So when you're ready for a trip to Far North Queensland, check out Wotif's awesome
Port Douglas holiday packages
and save big on your flight and accommodation. Just look at all that cash in your pocket!

You know that big pointy building located on the waterfront of Sydney Harbor? How would you like to see a show there? All you have to do is book one of these fabulous Sydney holiday packages and you're there.

And just when you think it couldn't get any better, we have some of the best offers on Melbourne holiday packages. You'll be exploring the National Gallery of Victoria in no time.

Down in the Valley

You've evolved with time, and so have your tastes. Gone are the days of bottom-shelf liquor in expensive lodging; now you're into fine wine to go with your holiday deals. That's why you should book one of Wotif's
Hunter Valley packages
and spend your time off touring the region's unbelievable vineyards. There's nothing quite like spending the money you saved on liquid velvet.

People don't usually associate Australia with ski trips, but those people are clueless. When you're ready to hit the slopes and keep your tips up, check out Wotif's incredible offers on
Perisher ski holidays
and book one immediately. Be sure to grab a grooming report everyday so you're not riding in slush.

Adelaide Welcomes You

You've been putting off a holiday trek to South Australia long enough. The time to go is now, and the city to go to is Adelaide. You know, the capital of the state and the home of the South Australian Museum and the Tandanya National Aboriginal Cultural Institute. It's easy to get your trip started: just browse our offers on
Adelaide holidays
and figure out what dates you want.

If you want to separate yourself from the rat pack, don't go to the big city. Check out Wotif's fantastic offers on
Gold Coast Hinterland holidays
and book one today so you can bushwalk through Mount Tamborine tomorrow.

Who knew you could save big bucks by bundling flights and hotels into holiday package deals? Wotif, that's who!

Cairns Holidays
|
Blue Mountains Holidays
|
Thredbo Ski Packages
|
Hobart Holiday Packages
|
Sunshine Coast Holiday Packages
|
Canberra Holiday Packages
|
Perth Holidays

New Zealand Holidays

Have you ever wanted to eat in a rotating restaurant as one of the Southern Hemisphere's biggest cities circles below you? Of course you have. Book one of Wotif's
Auckland holidays
and the chance to eat at the Sky Tower's Orbit 360-Degree Dining will be yours for the taking. And after you get a look at Wotif's offers on flight and hotel packages, you'll have to pick your jaw up off the floor.

Hamilton is Where the Heart is

Sure, Auckland and Christchurch are all the rage, but go off the beaten path during your next trip and check out the city of Hamilton. If you were looking for a destination where you could go spelunking, this is the spot. The Waitomo Caves are beautifully creepy and should be high up on your list of must-dos. Another thing on the list of must-dos should be booking one of Wotif's
Hamilton holiday packages
and bundling your flight with your hotel.

We know you've been dying to hang out on the slopes of New Zealand's most well-known volcano. But to take one of the awesome tours of Mount Tarawera, you'll need some money. Luckily for you, Wotif has unreal offers on
Rotorua holidays
, so you'll be able to spend the money you saved on epic volcanic adventures.

Have you ever wondered what Maori rock carvings look like? Book one of Wotif's unbeatable
Lake Taupo holidays
and jump in a kayak so you can explore all the carvings you want. Don't forget to bring a rod and reel along so you can catch your own dinner.

It's the Capital, Baby!

Part of the beauty of going through Wotif for your next holiday is that you have options—for flights, for hotels, and even for bundling the two. So when you're ready to visit the capital of New Zealand, book one of our
Wellington holiday packages
and be on your way.

Located on the eastern shores of Tasman Bay, the city of Nelson, New Zealand is a must-visit for anyone who plans on taking a trip to the South Island. Why, you ask? Because it's the second-oldest city on said island, and because there's cool stuff to do there, like hike in Nelson Lakes National Park. Check out Wotif's great deals on
Nelson holidays
and book one now.

Whoever thought of cheap flights and accommodation packages is a genius. You'll be a genius too if you use Wotif to book your next one!

Christchurch Holiday Packages
|
Lake Wanaka Holidays
|
Queenstown Holidays
|
Dunedin Holiday Packages

Holidays in Asia

When given the option between going big or going home, the correct response is to book a trip to the largest continent on earth. Whether you explore Asia one city at a time, or you're already packing your bags for a whirlwind adventure, book a holiday to one of these awesome destinations and you'll be standing atop famous skyscrapers, swinging through tropical trees on a zip-line, or stuffing your face in a lively night market. Take your pick of these sweet deals on flight and hotel packages and visit ALL OF ASIA!

From Big-City Buzz to Island Vibes

If the mention of a forbidden city piques your curiosity, then scout out the best-kept secrets and gilded treasures of China's capital. Book one of our
Beijing holiday packages
and visit an ancient palace and the nearby Coal Hill Park, where locals come to sing revolutionary chants.

Need stellar sushi ASAP? Wrap up one of our envy-worthy
Tokyo holiday packages
. Wine and dine in the foodie neighbourhood Ebisu, and wander through the brightly lit streets at nearby Shibuya Crossing—the Times Square of Tokyo…or maybe Times Square is the Shibuya Crossing of New York…

Singapore knows how to throw one heck of a party! But wait—there's more. Get away on one of our
Singapore holidays
and spend some quality time with Mother Nature in the National Orchid Garden and Gardens by the Bay between nights out on the Waterfront Promenade.

Bangkok is brimming with massive night markets—check out Rot Fai Market in Srinakarin—and peaceful Buddhist temples, like the Temple of the Emerald Buddha. Need we mention the gorgeous palaces? Book
holidays to Bangkok
and chill the Zen out.

Do you prefer pad Thai by the beach? We hear ya. Our
Phuket packages
put you right in the middle of a relaxing island with warm hospitality, and smashing stretches of sand.

Is your holiday mantra "Bali or bust"? Well, score one of our
Bali holidays
and forget about busting anything but moves at a beach party. When you aren't on the dance floor, spend your time snorkelling between Indonesian islands.

Asia Awaits!

Ready to save on a great adventure? Mix and match airfare and accommodation throughout Asia's biggest cities and most enchanting landscapes. And with Wotif's fine offers on flights and accommodation packages, mixing and matching will be a piece of cake. Let's go!

China Holidays
|
Philippines Holiday Packages
|
Kuala Lumpur Holiday Packages
|
Vietnam Holiday Packages
|
Koh Samui Holiday Packages
|
Japan Holidays
|
Siem Reap Holidays

United States Packages

Fifty sure is a lot of states, so you better get busy ticking off your United States bucket list! We've got travel deals from sea to shining sea, so get ready for blissful beach days and big-city nights. Strike it rich in the Mojave Desert, meet seals on the California coast and head right to the top of the Empire State Building in the City that Never Sleeps. All these experiences and more await in the good ol' US of A when you book one of our cheap holiday packages.

East Coast, West Coast and Everywhere in Between

We don't have to tell you that NYC is one of the greatest cities in the world. After a walk through Central Park, a glitzy night on Broadway, and sipping craft cocktails in a charming Brooklyn pub, you'll know it's true. Book our
New York holidays
and enter an Empire state of mind!

Let your hair down and kick your heels up in Sin City. Located in the Mojave Desert with canyon views just beyond the neon haze, Vegas has sparkle to spare, so don't be surprised if booking our
Las Vegas holiday packages
gets a little glitter on your keyboard.

Not a desert dweller? Check out
holidays to San Diego
, a SoCal city with miles of warm beaches, countless craft breweries, and tacos for days. Home to sprawling Balboa Park and hiking trails galore, San Diego is a great place to get outside or sit on a patio with good food and new friends. Yeah, it's kind of a big deal.

Can't get enough of that California cool? Score one of our
Los Angeles holiday packages
! The City of Angels has all the makings of a spectacular getaway. If you're looking for world-class entertainment, look no further than the star-studded and theatre-lined streets of Hollywood.

On Washington's west coast, Seattle is a stand out city with a striking Space Needle, an awesome local coffee scene, and yes, lots and lots of trees. Book
Seattle holiday packages
and take a breath of fresh air!

Floating way out in the Pacific Ocean, state number 50 is a beauty! With several islands, lots of ancient and modern history, and plenty of opportunities to sunbathe all day, Hawaii is a luxury destination for sure. If you're looking for
cheap holidays to Hawaii
, start here.

Wave Those Stars and Stripes

There are more smashing US destinations where that came from! Mix and match top flights and accommodation packages with Wotif and save big on your next American adventure!

San Francisco Holidays
|
Boston Holiday Packages
|
Orlando Family Holidays







*This is the average saving for a flight and hotel package booking made between Jan 2016 and Dec 2016, and not the discounted rate or amount for your booking. Savings calculated based on the cost of a Flight + Hotel booking on Wotif.com as compared to the aggregated price of the full published fare given by the airline and the cost of your hotel for the same travel products for the same travel dates when made separately. Savings will vary based on the origin/destination, length of trip, stay dates and selected travel supplier(s). Savings are not available on all packages. Please confirm the actual discount rate/ price on the booking page.















Explore More





More Travel Options




Australian Capital Territory Hotels

New South Wales Hotels

Northern Territory Hotels

Queensland Hotels

South Australia Hotels

Tasmania Hotels

Victoria Hotels

Western Australia Hotels

Australia Flights

Australia Car Hire

Cheap Flights

Domestic & International Flights

Australia Holiday Packages

Flaming Deals






Wotif




About Wotif

Investor Relations

Advertising

Privacy Policy

Terms of Use

Press Centre

Facebook

Twitter

Instagram

Google+






Partner Services




Add your Hotel

Add an Activity

Become an Affiliate






Global Sites




www.wotif.co.nz

www.wotif.com







©2017 Wotif Group. All rights reserved.
Wotif, Wotif.com and the Wotif logo are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Expedia, Inc. in Australia and/or other countries.All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.



















































