







Wotif - Accommodation Deals On Australia's 1st Hotel Booking Website






























































Close





Want access to exclusive rates?
Sign up
to save an extra 10% or more on selected hotels with Mates Rates






Skip to main content



















Show menu








Home


Accommodation


Flights


Holiday Packages


Activities


Car Hire


Discover


Subscribe


Blog


SALE


Travel Insurance


Deals




To
required
Please enter an email address
Please enter a valid email address
Use commas to separate multiple email addresses (Maximum 8)
Subject
Message
Send Itinerary
Cancel


Your notifications
1
All caught up!
No new notifications right now.



Account







Sign in to see exclusive Mates Rates.




Sign In




New?
Create an Account










My Lists






Manage Trips





Itineraries



Traveller Tools



Manage My Flight



Manage My Hotel






Support





Customer Support




Feedback


























Home
currently selected



Accommodation



Flights



Holiday Packages



Activities



Car Hire



Discover



Subscribe



Blog



SALE



Travel Insurance



Deals























Beginning of main content







+

Your flight purchase qualifies you for up to 55% off select
hotels
for your

trip


+

Your recent booking qualifies you for up to 40% off select
hotels
for your

trip


Offer expires in
hh:mm:ss





Travel alert: Volcanic activity in the east of Bali could impact travel.  Everything you need to know,
here
.
travel alert close
Search for a Trip
Remove







Customers rate Wotif


4.5 out of 5 stars




Based on
reviews.

Powered by







Everyday Deals:
Anytime, everyday you can find the perfect travel deal for your next trip.







Local Knowledge:
Millions of hotel reviews from Aussie travellers and a wealth of local knowledge.






Everything Travel:
Search, plan & book - flights, hotels, packages, activities and car hire ... all here


































































Today’s Popular Destinations














































































Spotlight on Travel














































































Spotlight on Travel














































































Spotlight on Travel














































































Spotlight on Travel

















































































































































































Australia's First Online Booking Site For Travel

What (or wot) is Wotif?

The universe is full of questions. What is the meaning of life? Where do socks go when they disappear from the dryer? But the most important question right now is: What in the world is Wotif?

Well, we’re not a bird, we’re not a plane, and we’re fairly certain we’re not Superman. Instead, we’re an online travel company dedicated to getting you from here to there without throwing your wallet to the wolves. And we’re pretty good at it, too! That’s why 1 in 2 Aussies have travelled with us since 2000. That’s a lot of happy campers! And jetsetters... and honeymooners... and road trippers... and gap year-ers...

The Wotif story is different to those of other hotel booking sites. We were founded in a Brisbane garage (seriously) and have heaps of local knowledge. We use it to track down fantastic travel deals so you can find awesome deals every day. And we’re not just talking about accommodation. With Wotif, you can book everything in one place: flights, hotels, packages, and activities. Talk about a time saver!

Oh, and did we mention our
Price Promise
? It covers ALL our hotels and packages, so if you find a cheaper price within 24 hours of booking with us, we’ll match it by refunding the difference*. How good is that?

Hotels, Flights, and Packages - Oh My!

Looking for
Sydney accommodation
,
Melbourne accommodation
or
Gold Coast hotels
? Wotif’s got you covered. Need a
hotel in Bali
or some spectacular
Phuket accommodation
? Look no further. London stays, New York getaways, NZ adventures – you’ve come to the right place. 5-star luxury resorts, romantic bed-and-breakfasts, funky backpacker hostels... you name it, Wotif’s got it.

But Wotif offers more than just top hotel deals (although we do have stacks of ‘em). Our mantra is “Everything travel. Everyday deals. Local knowledge.” That means epic flight deals, awesome activities, essential travel insurance, handy car rentals, and super easy, cash-saving packages every day. It means more than 1.5 million hotel reviews from Aussie travellers like you (trust us, you don’t want to count them). And it means you’ll save even more when you book your whole trip with us. Yep – bundle your accommodation and flight together as a Wotif package and we’ll give you an extra discount on your hotel. Or book your flight first to unlock 10 days of special hotel deals. Either way, your hotel or package is still covered by our Price Promise.

Don't Waste Time Searching

Searching the internet for deals on travel and spending hours comparing travel sites is about as exciting as watching paint dry. Grey paint. On a really boring wall. So why not save your time and cash by booking everything you need on Wotif? Our online hotel booking service is awesome, and our Price Promise means you don’t have to shop around. So what are you waiting for? For a holiday packed with value, book now with Wotif.com!

*Eligibility requirements and conditions apply.




Trip Planning




Popular Destinations
Sydney Hotels
Melbourne Hotels
Gold Coast Hotels
Brisbane Hotels
Sunshine Coast Hotels
Auckland Hotels
Wellington Hotels
Queenstown Hotels
Bali Hotels
Singapore Hotels
Fiji Hotels
London Hotels
Cheap Flights
Flights to Sydney
Flights to Melbourne
Flights to Brisbane
Flights to Gold Coast
Flights to Perth
Flights to London
Flights to Bali
Flights to Singapore
Flights to Bangkok
Flights to Hawaii
Holiday Packages
Bali Holiday Packages
Fiji Holiday Packages
Singapore Holiday Packages
Phuket Holiday Packages
Auckland Holiday Packages
Gold Coast Holiday Packages
Whitsundays Holiday Packages
Melbourne Holiday Packages
Cairns Holiday Packages
Sydney Holiday Packages










*This is the average saving for a flight and hotel package booking made between Jan 2016 and Dec 2016, and not the discounted rate or amount for your booking. Savings calculated based on the cost of a Flight + Hotel booking on Wotif.com as compared to the aggregated price of the full published fare given by the airline and the cost of your hotel for the same travel products for the same travel dates when made separately. Savings will vary based on the origin/destination, length of trip, stay dates and selected travel supplier(s). Savings are not available on all packages. Please confirm the actual discount rate/ price on the booking page.















Explore More





More Travel Options




Australian Capital Territory Hotels

New South Wales Hotels

Northern Territory Hotels

Queensland Hotels

South Australia Hotels

Tasmania Hotels

Victoria Hotels

Western Australia Hotels

Australia Flights

Australia Car Hire

Cheap Flights

Domestic & International Flights

Australia Holiday Packages

Flaming Deals






Wotif




About Wotif

Investor Relations

Advertising

Privacy Policy

Terms of Use

Press Centre

Facebook

Twitter

Instagram

Google+






Partner Services




Add your Hotel

Add an Activity

Become an Affiliate






Global Sites




www.wotif.co.nz

www.wotif.com







©2017 Wotif Group. All rights reserved.
Wotif, Wotif.com and the Wotif logo are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Expedia, Inc. in Australia and/or other countries.All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.



















































