






Travel Insurance Online - Compare Travel Insurance | Wotif.com


























Skip to main content



















Show menu








Home


Accommodation


Flights


Holiday Packages


Activities


Car Hire


Discover


Subscribe


Blog


SALE


Travel Insurance


Deals




To
required
Please enter an email address
Please enter a valid email address
Use commas to separate multiple email addresses (Maximum 8)
Subject
Message
Send Itinerary
Cancel


Your notifications
1
All caught up!
No new notifications right now.



Account







Sign in to see exclusive Mates Rates.




Sign In




New?
Create an Account










My Lists






Manage Trips





Itineraries



Traveller Tools



Manage My Flight



Manage My Hotel






Support





Customer Support




Feedback


























Home



Accommodation



Flights



Holiday Packages



Activities



Car Hire



Discover



Subscribe



Blog



SALE



Travel Insurance
currently selected



Deals























Beginning of main content




Wotif Travel Insurance backed by Allianz
Where are you travelling?
Select Destination
Antarctica
Bouvet Island
British Indian Ocean Territory
French Southern Territories
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Worldwide
Algeria
Angola
Benin
Botswana
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cameroon
Cape Verde
Central African Republic
Chad
Comoros
Congo
Congo, the Democratic Republic of the
Côte d'Ivoire
Djibouti
Egypt
Cairo, Egypt
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Ethiopia
Gabon
Gambia
Ghana
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Kenya
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Madagascar
Malawi
Mali
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Morocco
Marrakech, Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Niger
Nigeria
Réunion
Rwanda
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Sao Tome and Principe
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Somalia
South Africa
Cape Town, South Africa
Johannesburg, South Africa
South Sudan
Sudan
Swaziland
Tanzania, United Republic of
Togo
Tunisia
Uganda
Western Sahara
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Aruba
Bahamas
Barbados
Belize
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
Cayman Islands
Costa Rica
Cuba
Curaçao
Dominica
Dominican Republic
El Salvador
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guatemala
Haiti
Honduras
Jamaica
Martinique
Mexico
Montserrat
Nicaragua
Panama
Puerto Rico
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Trinidad and Tobago
Turks and Caicos Islands
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Bermuda
Canada
Vancouver, Canada
Toronto, Canada
Montreal, Canada
Greenland
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
United States of America
Chicago, United States of America
Los Angeles, United States of America
San Francisco, United States of America
New York, United States of America
USA, United States of America
Disneyland, United States of America
Argentina
Buenos Aires, Argentina
Bolivia, Plurinational State of
Brazil
Sao Paulo, Brazil
Chile
Colombia
Ecuador
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
French Guiana
Guyana
Paraguay
Peru
Lima, Peru
Suriname
Uruguay
Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of
China
Beijing, China
Shanghai, China
Hong Kong
Japan
Tokyo, Japan
Osaka, Japan
Kyoto, Japan
Korea, Democratic People's Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Seoul, Korea, Republic of
Macao
Mongolia
Taiwan, Republic of China
Taipei, Taiwan, Republic of China
Brunei Darussalam
Cambodia
Siem Reap, Cambodia
Indonesia
Bali, Indonesia
Jakarta, Indonesia
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Malaysia
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Myanmar
Philippines
Manila, Philippines
Singapore
Thailand
Chiang Mai, Thailand
Bangkok, Thailand
Timor-Leste
Vietnam
Hanoi, Vietnam
Afghanistan
Bangladesh
Bhutan
India
Bombay, India
Delhi, India
Mumbai, India
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Kazakhstan
Kyrgyzstan
Maldives
Nepal
Pakistan
Sri Lanka
Tajikistan
Turkmenistan
Uzbekistan
Armenia
Azerbaijan
Bahrain
Cyprus
Georgia
Iraq
Israel
Tel Aviv, Israel
Jordan
Kuwait
Lebanon
Oman
Palestine, State of
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
Riyadh, Saudi Arabia
Syrian Arab Republic
Turkey
Istanbul, Turkey
United Arab Emirates
Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
Yemen
Australia
Brisbane, Australia
Sydney, Australia
Melbourne, Australia
Perth, Australia
Adelaide, Australia
Belarus
Bulgaria
Czech Republic
Prague, Czech Republic
Hungary
Budapest, Hungary
Moldova, Republic of
Poland
Romania
Russian Federation
St Petersburg, Russian Federation
Moscow, Russian Federation
Slovakia
Ukraine
Åland Islands
Denmark
Copenhagen, Denmark
Estonia
Faroe Islands
Finland
Helsinki,Finland
Guernsey
Iceland
Reykjavik, Iceland
Ireland
Dublin, Ireland
Isle of Man
Jersey
Latvia
Lithuania
Norway
Oslo, Norway
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Sweden
Stockholm, Sweden
United Kingdom
Great Britain, United Kingdom
London, United Kingdom
UK, United Kingdom
England, United Kingdom
Northern Ireland, United Kingdom
Scotland, United Kingdom
Wales, United Kingdom
Albania
Andorra
Austria
Vienna, Austria
Belgium
Brussels, Belgium
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Croatia
France
Paris, France
Germany
Munich, Germany
Berlin, Germany
Hamburg, Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Athens, Greece
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Italy
Milan, Italy
Florence, Italy
Rome, Italy
Liechtenstein
Luxembourg
Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of
Malta
Monaco
Montenegro
Netherlands
Amsterdam, Netherlands
Portugal
Lisbon, Portugal
San Marino
Serbia
Slovenia
Spain
Barcelona, Spain
Madrid, Spain
Switzerland
Zurich,Switzerland
Worldwide Excl. Americas & Africa
New Zealand
Auckland, New Zealand
Christchurch, New Zealand
American Samoa
Australia (Cruise)
Cook Islands
Fiji
French Polynesia
Tahiti, French Polynesia
Guam
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Kiribati
Marshall Islands
Micronesia, Federated States of
Nauru
New Caledonia
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Palau
Papua New Guinea
Pitcairn
Samoa
Solomon Islands
Tokelau
Tonga
Tuvalu
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Vanuatu
Wallis and Futuna
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Departure
Return
Adult(s)
Adult(s)
Dependant(s)
(0-25)
Dependant(s)
Promo Code (Optional)
Get a Quote
By obtaining a quote you agree to receive and consider the
Product Disclosure Statement
Please correct below fields








Customers rate Wotif


4.5 out of 5 stars




Based on
reviews.

Powered by








Everyday Deals:
Anytime, everyday you can find the perfect travel deal for your next trip.







Local Knowledge:
Millions of hotel reviews from Aussie travellers and a wealth of local knowledge.






Everything Travel:
Search, plan & book - flights, hotels, packages, activities and car hire ... all here
























Compare Travel Insurance Policies






Domestic

Recommended insurance for trips within Australia.

More Information









Overseas Emergency Medical & Hospital Expenses








Unlimited
Cancellation Fees & Lost Deposits








$2,000
Travel Delay Expenses








$10,000
Luggage & Personal Effects








Travel Documents, Transaction Cards & Traveller Cheques








$250
Theft of Cash











Essentials

Simple, cost effective cover for your overseas trip.

More Information









Unlimited
Overseas Emergency Medical & Hospital Expenses








$10,000
Cancellation Fees & Lost Deposits








$2,000
Travel Delay Expenses








$3,000
Luggage & Personal Effects








Travel Documents, Transaction Cards & Traveller Cheques








Theft of Cash











Multi-Trip

Annual policy with unlimited journeys for frequent travellers.

More Information









Unlimited
Overseas Emergency Medical & Hospital Expenses








Unlimited
Cancellation Fees & Lost Deposits








$2,000
Travel Delay Expenses








$10,000
Luggage & Personal Effects








$5000
Travel Documents, Transaction Cards & Traveller Cheques








$250
Theft of Cash










Most Popular




Comprehensive

Our highest level of cover for your overseas trip.

More Information









Unlimited
Overseas Emergency Medical & Hospital Expenses








Unlimited
Cancellation Fees & Lost Deposits








$2,000
Travel Delay Expenses








$10,000
Luggage & Personal Effects








$5000
Travel Documents, Transaction Cards & Traveller Cheques








$250
Theft of Cash













Why Buy Travel Insurance


Smartraveller
advises that if you incur medical expenses while overseas and you don't have travel insurance, you are personally liable for the costs. The Government cannot pay for medical expenses overseas. Nor will your domestic private health insurance. Here's what Allianz Global Assistance customers have to say:







Circumstance:
The insured was travelling through Mecca and fell - fracturing her elbow. Due to her location, the customer was flown to Athens to have immediate surgery on her elbow. Her travel insurance policy covered over $12,000 worth of overseas medical costs.

"I wish to thank you for your support and the quick deposit of money into my account. The team has been very friendly and helpful, not to mention comforting. Another big thank-you for everything, I feel very relieved and happy."

By Dianne


Claim value: AU $12,062









Circumstance:
India lost her Tiffany & Co Key Chain whilst travelling in Mexico on a day-tour. During the day the chain had fallen off and she was extremely distraught at telling her family. The claim itself was settled quickly and full payment made less a policy excess.

"I would like you to pass on my thanks to all concerned for such an effortless and timely turnaround of my claim. It really was simple process, a great company to deal with! So much so that I have recommended you to all my family and friends!!"

By India


Claim value: AU $420









Circumstance:
The customers were evacuated from their accommodation following an earthquake in the Philippines - with casualties reported at the hotel. The policy covered the additional expenses incurred and in a timely manner.

"It was the most stressful experience we have ever endured. At least we are out of it, but my wife's family and relatives are still over there. Luckily they missed the typhoon but are still getting after-shocks. We are doing all we can to help, sending them funds to buy food. We will be back there in August next year, and will need more insurance then. Thanks again for your efficiency."

By Ken


Claim value: AU $250











About Allianz Global Assistance Travel Insurance




We work exclusively with Allianz Global Assistance, a leading provider of travel insurance to offer you a range of cover options to suit your trip and budget, helping to protect you from the unexpected. Depending upon the chosen policy, benefits may include:


Unlimited emergency medical and hospital expenses*

Unlimited cancellation fees*

Cover for travel delay expenses*

Cover for luggage and personal effects*








Want More Information?




Travel Advice

Backed by one of the world's leading assistance services companies, Allianz Global Assistance offers you a range of cover options to suit your trip and budget. With great tips on what to do before you leave and what to do if something happens while you are overseas Allianz Global Assistance helps to protect you from the unexpected.






Frequently Asked Questions
Please Note:Throughout the FAQs set out below,
The term "PDS" refers to the
Product Disclosure Statement (including Policy Wording)
Some words may have special meanings – refer to "OUR DEFINITIONS" in the PDS prior to reading through these FAQs.
The answers given are only a brief summary – you must read the PDS carefully for complete details of what is covered, and which of the benefits are provided under each Plan. Importantly, please note that exclusions do apply, as well as limits to the cover.
Purchasing a policy/general
How far in advance can I buy my travel insurance policy?
You may purchase a travel insurance policy up to 12 months prior to your departure date.
For single trip cover
Cover for Section 2.1 Cancellation Fees & Lost Deposits only applies to those services scheduled to be used between the start and end dates shown on your Certificate of Insurance and begins from the issue date shown on your Certificate of Insurance and finishes at the end of your journey or on the end date shown on your Certificate of Insurance whichever occurs earlier. The cover for all other sections starts at the beginning of your journey or the start date shown on your Certificate of Insurance, whichever occurs later, and finishes at the end of your journey or on the end date shown on your Certificate of Insurance whichever occurs earlier.
For multi-trip cover
Cover for Sections 2.1 Cancellation Fees & Lost Deposits begins on the start date shown on your Certificate of Insurance or the date you booked your journey, whichever is the later and finishes at the end of your journey or on the end date shown on your Certificate of Insurance whichever occurs earlier. The cover for all other sections starts at the beginning of your journey or the start date shown on your Certificate of Insurance, whichever occurs later, and finishes at the end of your journey or on the end date shown on your Certificate of Insurance whichever occurs earlier.
Please note:
The maximum period for any one journey under the Multi-Trip Plan is shown on your Certificate of Insurance. You are not covered for any incident or event that arises outside of the maximum journey period you nominated.
I am currently overseas and have no insurance - can I still purchase a policy?
No. Our policies can only be purchased before you commence your journey, while you are still in Australia.
Am I covered if I work overseas?
Our travel insurance is designed for the leisure traveller and also business people travelling overseas for business purposes. It is not designed to cover events linked to employment overseas. Please refer to the
GENERAL EXCLUSIONS APPLICABLE TO ALL SECTIONS
contained in the PDS. In particular General Exclusion A.7 which excludes claims arising directly or indirectly from, or in any way connected with, you engaging in manual labour (as defined in the PDS), missionary work and related travel or humanitarian work and related travel during your journey.
If I return from my journey early, do I get a refund?
If you return early, you do not get a refund. If you do not know how long you will be travelling for, you can buy a policy for a specific period you know you will be definitely away. Before your policy expires, you will need to contact us so that your policy can be extended, if possible, for an additional premium. Please note that some policies do not allow extensions. For restrictions and limitations, please refer to the
EXTENSION OF COVER
section in your PDS.
Pre-Existing Medical Conditions
What do I do if I think I may have a pre-existing medical condition?
If you click 'Yes' to 'Pre-existing medical condition?' our online pre-existing medical assessment will take you through the assessment process. You can also check the definition of pre-existing medical condition in the PDS to see if you have a pre-existing medical condition. If you are still unsure, please contact us.
How much does it cost to add cover for my pre-existing medical condition(s) to my travel insurance policy?
It depends on your condition(s), their severity and other related factors. The online assessment will enable you to obtain a quote or alternatively you can contact us to find out the applicable premium.
What happens if I purchase my travel insurance policy and a new medical condition develops? Would I need to pay an additional premium?
If you have already purchased your travel insurance policy, then any new medical condition that arises after that date is not considered a pre-existing medical condition and you would not need to pay an additional premium, subject to the terms, conditions, exclusions and limitations listed in the PDS.
Claims
What if it is an emergency?
For emergency assistance anywhere in the world at any time, Allianz Global Assistance* is only a telephone call away. The team will help with medical problems, locating nearest medical facilities, your evacuation home, locating nearest embassies and consulates, as well as keeping you in touch with your family and work in an emergency. If you are hospitalised, you or a member of your travelling party, MUST contact us as soon as possible. If you do not, we will not pay for these expenses or for any evacuation or airfares that have not been approved or arranged by us. If you are not hospitalised but you are being treated as an outpatient and the total cost of such treatment will exceed $2,000, you MUST contact us.
Please note that we will not pay for any hospital or medical costs incurred in Australia.
Australia
1800 010 075
Canada
1800 214 5514
China (North)
10 800 6100434
China (South)
10 800 261 1323
France
0800 905 823
Germany
0800 182 7635
Greece
00800 611 4107
Hong Kong
800 900 389
India
00080 0610 1108
Indonesia
001 803 61 098
Italy
800 787 451
Japan
0066 3386 1052
Malaysia
1800 81 5102
Netherlands
0800 023 2683
New Zealand
0800 778 103
Singapore
800 6162 187
Spain
900 996 115
Switzerland
0800 561 361
Thailand
001 8006 121 082
United Kingdom
08000 289 270
United States
866 844 4085

+61 7 3305 7499
*Allianz Global Assistance is one of Australia’s leading suppliers of travel insurance and medical assistance. The Allianz Global Assistance Australian headquarters are located in Toowong, Queensland. The purpose-built Global Response Centre is an environment that operates 24 hours, 365 days a year, and is supported by sophisticated telecommunications and information technology systems. The Allianz Global Assistance team consists of in-house specialists including doctors, registered nurses, aero medical experts, mechanics, property experts, legal advisers, travel experts, support personnel, as well as access to multilingual staff and translation services.
Do I have to pay the bill for medical claims and claim when I get back?
If you have received medical treatment, you must obtain a medical certificate advising of the injury, illness or sickness and the treatment received as well as the bank details, if possible. Medical expenses can be very expensive in some countries and circumstances. You MUST contact Allianz Global Assistance as soon as possible who will speak to the medical facility on your behalf and can authorise payment. You can also contact Allianz Global Assistance should you require any help on medical matters. Please also refer to FAQ 8.
Do I have to complete the “Medical Certificate” of the Claim Form?
If your claim relates to cancellation or medical expenses arising from injury, sickness or death, the usual treating doctor in Australia must complete this section of the form.
I am away for a couple of months - do I have to wait until I am back in Australia to claim?
You can submit a claim upon your return to Australia or whilst still on your trip. Our claims consultants are able to email claim forms to you, however you will still be required to provide original supporting documentation (e.g. receipts) by post.
What is the excess?
A standard excess is the amount which will be deducted from any claim paid to you under the sections of your policy to which an excess applies. Some policies allow for a standard excess to be increased (which lowers the premium you have to pay) or decreased which increases your upfront premium. You will be advised which options are available to you at the time you purchase your policy.
What happens after I have been evacuated to Australia?
Medical cover under this policy ends upon safely repatriating you to home soil, from which point the local healthcare system will provide you with any further treatment you require.
I do not have receipts for my luggage and personal effects. Can I still claim?
Yes, you can still claim. We understand that you might not be able to provide receipts for each and every item. However, you still have to provide evidence of ownership.
How am I assured of a fair decision when making a claim?
We proudly support the General Insurance Code of Practice. The purpose of the Code is to raise standards of practice and service in the general insurance industry. If we refuse your claim you can request a review. If we continue to refuse your claim, you may refer this decision to one of our trained Internal Dispute Resolution Officers, who have appropriate experience, knowledge and authority in relation to complaints handling. If this does not resolve the matter, you may contact the Financial Ombudsman Service Australia (FOS), the industry’s independent external complaints scheme. Please refer to the heading
DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCESS
in the
IMPORTANT MATTERS
section of the PDS.
Answers to frequently asked questions about purchasing travel insurance through Wotif.com, and information on travel insurance claims.

Product Disclosure Agreement

Please read the Travel Insurance
Product Disclosure Statement
to determine if the product is right for you.


*Please refer to individual policies for further information. ^Dependent means your children or grandchildren, not in full-time employment, accompanying you on the journey and who are under the age of 25.

Terms, conditions, limits and exclusions apply refer to the
Product Disclosure Statement
for details.
Please read the
Combined Financial Services Guide and Product Disclosure Statement (including Policy Wording)
to
determine if the product is right for you. Insurance is underwritten by Allianz Australia Insurance Limited ABN 15 000 122 850, AFSL 234708 (Allianz) and arranged through AWP Australia Pty Ltd
trading as Allianz Global Assistance ABN 52 097 227 177, AFSL 245631. Allianz Global Assistance is authorised by Allianz to issue and arrange your policy and deal with and settle any claims under it.
Expedia, Inc. ARBN 138 063 573 has been appointed as a distributor of Allianz Global Assistance in order to facilitate the issue of insurance products by Allianz Global Assistance.


























Explore More





More Travel Options




Australian Capital Territory Hotels

New South Wales Hotels

Northern Territory Hotels

Queensland Hotels

South Australia Hotels

Tasmania Hotels

Victoria Hotels

Western Australia Hotels

Australia Flights

Australia Car Hire

Cheap Flights

Domestic & International Flights

Australia Holiday Packages

Flaming Deals






Wotif




About Wotif

Investor Relations

Advertising

Privacy Policy

Terms of Use

Press Centre

Facebook

Twitter

Instagram

Google+






Partner Services




Add your Hotel

Add an Activity

Become an Affiliate






Global Sites




www.wotif.co.nz

www.wotif.com







©2017 Wotif Group. All rights reserved.
Wotif, Wotif.com and the Wotif logo are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Expedia, Inc. in Australia and/or other countries.All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.




















