
GETA | GaywelComms












JOIN NOW

SIGN IN



















Home



What is GETA?

Become a member

Member’s Directory

Important advice for gays travelling in Europe

Safer Holidays for Gay Families  Campaign

About us

Contact us



‘Gay Welcome’




What is Gay Welcome?

Add your hotel, guesthouse or B&B

Add a cruise, tour or holiday

Safer Holidays for Gay Families Campaign

Add an event

Advertise on Gay Welcome




‘GETA Guru’ Resources





Introduction to GETA Guru



ABOUT
the Gay Travel Market

Size of the market - summary

Size of the market - full report

Why this market is so important

WTTC on the gay travel market

The Asian gay travel market



APPEALING
to the Gay  Market

You’ve joined. Now what?

Our top 5 tips

Advice to hoteliers



MARKETING
to the Gay  Market


Our top 5 marketing tips


The GETA Gay Media Directory

Get more from press trips






Gay Media Directory














GaywelComms

A new communications service to help you market your business effectively to LGBT travelers


GETA has partnered with
Grayling
, one of the world’s top communications agencies, to offer a full communications service to GETA members.  The service combines Grayling’s professional communications expertise and worldwide reach with GETA’s unrivalled knowledge of the European LGBT tourism market.  Together we provide an unbeatable team.

GaywelComm’s services include -




Understanding the LGBT  tourism market


insight into the size, shape and features of the gay market worldwide



Conducting your company’s LGBT Audit


ensuring that your goods and services appeal to LGBT  people



Establishing your LGBT credentials


demonstrating your corporate LGBT credentials through internal and external activities



Marketing to LGBT audiences


Public relations

Press office

Digital and social media

Advertising

Events

Media training

Crisis communications




If you would like to know more about GaywelComms and discuss how we can help you to promote your company to this great market, contact us here (GETA@Grayling.com)









New GETA Research:



European gay travel market worth €50b



Our exclusive research report is out - and estimates the value of the gay travel market in Europe at a massive €50 billion per year. Find out more about how it was compiled and what it means for you.

Find out more here >



Tell the world you've joined!









What better way to signal to your customers and partners that you support  gay tourism in Europe than to add a GETA or Gay Welcome logo to your website or other marketing materials?



View all the logos & code >



Who can join GETA?

GETA is open to businesses and organisations that meet these two criteria:


Your activities relate to the European tourism industry

You agree to honour the GETA Pledge: You welcome gay, lesbian, bisexual and transsexual customers and agree to treat them with the same respect that you treat all your customers.

Why join GETA? >

Gay Media Directory >

Reach gay audiences worldwide using our Gay Magazine Directory - every major gay magazine in the world listed in one convenient place, saving you hours of time and making planning your marketing much easier.



Visit the directory >


Ask questions of others in the industry in our Forum >

Ask questions, and get answers from our moderators and other GETA members.



Join our forum now >





GETA 'GURU'

RESOURCES

ABOUT GETA

GAY WELCOME



About gay tourists

Appealing to them

Reaching them



Services GETA

SIGN IN

Gay Media Directory

Members Directory

GETA on Twitter

What is GETA?

The Team

Press Coverage

Media Centre

Contact us

Terms & Conditions


Gay Travel

Add your  property

Events & News

Ideas & Advice



Follow GETA on














Designed by MyWebSpinners





OUR PARTNERS:















