
GETA | Terms & Conditions












JOIN NOW

SIGN IN



















Home



What is GETA?

Become a member

Member’s Directory

Important advice for gays travelling in Europe

Safer Holidays for Gay Families  Campaign

About us

Contact us



‘Gay Welcome’




What is Gay Welcome?

Add your hotel, guesthouse or B&B

Add a cruise, tour or holiday

Safer Holidays for Gay Families Campaign

Add an event

Advertise on Gay Welcome




‘GETA Guru’ Resources





Introduction to GETA Guru



ABOUT
the Gay Travel Market

Size of the market - summary

Size of the market - full report

Why this market is so important

WTTC on the gay travel market

The Asian gay travel market



APPEALING
to the Gay  Market

You’ve joined. Now what?

Our top 5 tips

Advice to hoteliers



MARKETING
to the Gay  Market


Our top 5 marketing tips


The GETA Gay Media Directory

Get more from press trips






Gay Media Directory

















Terms & Conditions

GETA's Language Policy



GETA want our websites to be as accessible as possible to businesses and travellers throughout Europe and beyond.

We have therefore selected English as our default language.

The main pages of our sites are also presented in French, German, Italian and Spanish with Google Translate available for secondary pages.

We have embedded Google Translate in our websites to enable you to translate all pages into every language.

GETA staff can respond to contacts made in English, French, German, Italian, Spanish and Portuguese.



Our Terms of Use



BY USING the GETA website, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF SERVICE AS THEY MAY BE MODIFIED BY US FROM TIME TO TIME. Please read these Terms of Service carefully. We have created them to protect you and to ensure that the GETA website is safe and informative for everyone.

If you do not agree to these Terms of Service, please do not enter the GETA website or register as a member or subscribe to our newsletters.

The GETA website

Acceptance of Terms of Service
Amendments
Registration
Password and Security
Privacy Policy
Your use of GETA.com & Refund Policy
Intellectual Property
Third Party Web Sites, Goods and Services
Disclaimer of Warranties
Limitation of Liability
E-Mails and Personal Home Pages
Termination & Remedies for Breach of these Terms by You
Indemnification
Applicable Law
Miscellaneous



1. Acceptance of Terms of Service

The GETA website is provided by GETA Ltd. under these Terms of Service. These Terms of Service govern your use of the GETA website (whether you are a member, a subscriber or a visitor) and govern all services provided to you by GETA Ltd. in connection with the GETA website, including but not limited to, listings (individual or licenses), access to message boards and use of any e-mail accounts, and other features and services provided from time to time.



2. Amendments

2.1 We reserve the right to amend these Terms of Service from time to time without notice to you. Please check the Terms of Service periodically to see whether a change has been made to them. If you do not agree with any change in these Terms of Service, please discontinue further use of the GETA website. Your continued use of the GETA website will signify your acceptance of any change in the Terms of Service set out here.

2.2 From time to time GETA may supplement these Terms of Service with additional terms applying to specific content or events, such as competitions ("Additional Terms"). Any Additional Terms will be clearly placed on the GETA website to be viewed in connection with the specific content or events. All Additional Terms will form part of these Terms of Service.

2.3 GETA may modify or discontinue the GETA website with or without notice to you and without liability to you or any third party.



3. Registration

3.1 Although portions of the GETA website may be viewed by anyone who visits the GETA website you will need to register as a member in order to access some GETA services including the message boards and to add directory entries.

3.2 When you register with us you are stating that you are over [18] years of age or are a minor with parental consent to use the service you are registering for. PLEASE NOTE that all minors are recommended to discuss these terms and conditions with their parents or legal guardian before they complete any registration process or provide us with any information about themselves. [We do not allow persons who we know to be 13 years of age or younger to register with the GETA website.]

3.3 You agree that any information you provide to us about yourself upon registration or at any other time will be true, accurate and complete and that you will ensure that this information is kept accurate and up to date at all times.

3.4 By registering your business with GETA you confirm that;

a. Your activities relate to the tourism industry

b. You welcome gay, lesbian, bisexual and transsexual customers and agree to treat 	them with the respect that you treat all your customers



4. Password and Security

4.1 When you register to use the GETA website you will be asked to create a password. You must keep this password confidential and must not disclose it to or share it with anyone. YOU WILL BE RESPONSIBLE for all activities that occur under your password. If you know or suspect that someone else knows your password you should notify us immediately at info@GETA.com

4.2 If you forget your password please contact us at the GETA website and we will be able to remind you of your password if you satisfy our security check or use the 'forgot your password' feature on the site.



5. Privacy Policy

We treat your privacy very seriously and we understand that you will wish to know how we will use the information we collect from you.
We do not store credit card details nor do we share customer details with any 3rd parties.

Please click here
to access our privacy policy, which forms part of these Terms of Service. All use of your personal information will be in accordance with our Privacy Policy and will comply with all applicable EU data protection legislation.



6. Your use of the GETA website & Refund Policy

6.1 The GETA website provides businesses (or agents acting on behalf of those businesses) an environment to advertise their services. In addition there is other information and services relating to gay tourism. Such information or services may be added to or altered at any time without prior notice.

(a) GETA can under no circumstances be held responsible for the content or accuracy of the information in the advertisement displayed on the GETA site insofar that these advertisements are written by third parties under their sole responsibility.

(b) The user must use the information carefully and conduct all verification under his/her exclusive responsibility.
(c) Any photographs supplied or uploaded to the GETA site must be sent by the copyright holder of the photographs or with the full knowledge and consent of the copyright holder. By sending or uploading photographs for inclusion in an advertisement, the sender confirms this to be true and assumes full responsibility for any subsequent legal action, indemnifying GETA against any subsequent legal action in this regard.

(d) Rates and conditions are subject to change without notice. GETA reserves the right to alter the layout and or the design of any part of the GETA website.

(e) No refunds for products or services bought can be offered.

(f) All executive memberships purchased will start from the date of purchase and run for the alloted time for the type of listing or license purchased. Renewal notices will be sent out one month and one week before expiry to the users registered e-mail address.

(g) Practical information, reviews, news items and stories can be found on the GETA site. GETA Ltd. is the author of the information, photos, maps, data and services that it displays in the different sections. However, some information is collected from third parties and GETA Ltd. cannot guarantee their accuracy, reliability, pertinence or exhaustiveness.

6.2 GETA offers a non-moderated Bulletin Board. This means we do not read every message posted. If you see a message which you believe breaks the following standards please report it to us immediately. All reports are reviewed as soon as possible during normal office hours.

The views expressed on our message boards are not those of GETA.

You alone are responsible for the content of your messages and your use of the GETA website and the consequences of any such messages. By using the GETA website you agree to comply with the following guidelines:

The GETA website may not be used to send chain letters, junk mail, 'spam', solicitations (commercial or non-commercial) or bulk communications of any kind unless the recipient has given specific permission to be included in such a list. The GETA website may only be used to advertise a company, product or service of the member concerned.

You are not permitted to post links to alternative community groups unless it is with the express permission of GETA.

You may not post to the GETA website or use the GETA website to publish, send or distribute any message or material (in any media or form) that is unlawful, harassing, defamatory, abusive, threatening, harmful, vulgar, obscene, profane, threatening, racially or sexually or otherwise discriminatory, offensive, inaccurate, is in breach of confidence or a third party's intellectual property rights or which otherwise includes objectionable material of any kind or nature, that encourages or engages in conduct that could constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, national or international law or regulation or which has a disruptive influence on the normal flow of a message board.

You (whether acting in your capacity as a journalist in any media or otherwise) must not post appeals for case histories on the GETA website. All media requests should be sent to info@GETA.com. Unauthorised appeals for information will be removed from the GETA website.

You must not impersonate any other person or entity, whether actual or fictitious.

You must not create any member names which mimic or impersonate an GETA member of staff, Community Leader or other GETA member.

You must not use the GETA website or any part of the GETA website in a way that might reasonably be expected to cause the same to be interrupted, damaged, rendered less efficient or which could in any way damage the operation of another's computer.

You will not harass or intimidate any the GETA website members either on a message board or via email communication.

6.3 GETA reserves the right in its absolute discretion at any time to edit, alter, delete or move any material whatsoever posted to, appearing on or distributed by the GETA website and you. GETA will not enter into any discussions about its decision to edit, alter, delete or move such material.

(a) GETA may at any time, and without prior or post warning, close discussions on message boards as it feels appropriate. No discussion will be entered into.

(b) Members who violate these Terms Of Service will receive an official warning. Members will be automatically barred from further participation in the GETA website community areas on receipt of a third warning. Banned members are not entitled to rejoin GETA at any stage and attempts to do so will result in a further ban and possible legal action. GETA decision is final and no discussion will be entered into.

GETA reserves the right to terminate your membership at any time and without warning to you.



7. Intellectual Property

7.1 The GETA website, its contents and all Rights therein are owned by GETA Ltd. (and/or its licensors). "Rights" means copyright, database rights, trade marks, design rights and other intellectual and proprietary rights of whatever nature, anywhere in the world. You acknowledge that (i) the GETA website is protected by Rights; (ii) these Rights are valid and protected in all media and technologies existing now or later developed; and (iii) except as explicitly provided otherwise, these Terms of Service and applicable copyright, trademark and other laws govern your use of such Rights.

7.2 You may view, print, download or temporarily store extracts from the GETA website for your personal, non-commercial reference without alteration, addition or deletion. You may not otherwise copy, reproduce, retransmit, distribute, publish, commercially exploit or otherwise transfer any the GETA website material or content. You acknowledge that you will not acquire any Rights by downloading or otherwise using any the GETA website content or materials.

7.3 By submitting content, which shall include your member name, to any "public area" of the GETA website, including property pages, message boards, forums, contests and chat rooms, you grant GETA and its affiliates a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, communicate to the public, perform and display the content (in whole or in part) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed, for the full term of any Rights that may exist in such content. You also permit any member to access, display, view, store and reproduce such content for personal use.

7.4 By submitting content, you also warrant that you are entitled and have all necessary rights to grant the licenses stated above. Subject to the foregoing, the owner of such content placed on the GETA website retains any and all Rights that may exist in such content.



8. Third Party Web Sites, Goods and Services

8.1 The GETA website provides links to third party web sites that are not affiliated with GETA (although GETA branding may appear on these sites). We make no representations as to the quality, suitability, functionality or legality of any sites to which we may provide links or any goods or services available from such sites.

8.2 All matters concerning any goods and services that you purchase from a third party site, including without limitation all contract terms are solely between you and the owner of that site and GETA will not be liable for any costs or damages to you or any third party arising directly or indirectly out of any third party website. You hereby waive any claim you might have against GETA with respect to any such sites.

8.3 Subject to the terms of our Privacy Policy, third parties may, from time to time, send e-mail messages to you containing advertisements, promotions, etc. GETA makes no representation or warranty with respect to the content of any e-mail messages sent by third parties or any goods or services which may be obtained from such third parties as a consequence of these e-mails, and you agree that GETA shall have no liability with respect thereto.



9. Disclaimer of Warranties

9.1 The GETA website is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. GETA expressly disclaims all warranties or representations of any kind, express or implied, to the fullest extent permitted by law.

9.2 You understand and agree that GETA does not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any information in or provided in connection with the GETA website. GETA is not responsible for any errors or omissions or for the results obtained from the use of such information. Whilst the GETA website is provided for the general information of the general public, all information is provided on the basis that neither GETA, its employees or consultants or its members, while such members are participating in the GETA website, are engaged in rendering legal, medical, counseling or other professional services or advice. GETA advises you to seek appropriate professional advice or care for any situation or problem which you may have.

9.3 GETA shall not be responsible for any loss or damage caused directly or indirectly, by the information or ideas contained, suggested or referenced on the GETA website. Your participation in the GETA website is solely at your own risk. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from GETA or through the GETA website shall create any warranty not expressly made in these terms of service or imposed by law.



10. Limitation of Liability

10.1 Except as required by law, GETA shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special or consequential losses or damages or loss of profits, data, goodwill, revenue in each case regardless of whether such losses or damages arise in the normal course of events or whether GETA has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

10.2 GETA will not be liable for any such losses or damages whether arising in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise arising out of or in connection with this website including without limitation the use or the inability to use GETA.co.uk, or messages received, or transactions entered into through the GETA website, or resulting from unauthorised access to or alteration of your transmissions or data.



11. E-Mails

GETA assumes no responsibility for the deletion of or failure to store e-mail messages. You should be aware that emails you send to us are not necessarily secure when they are transmitted to us. If your communication to us or any third party is sensitive or includes highly confidential information such as credit card number, you may want to provide it by post or via the telephone instead.



12. Termination & Remedies for Breach of these Terms by You

12.1 GETA will be entitled to restrict, suspend or terminate your membership or deny you access to the GETA website or take such other action as GETA deems appropriate if GETA determines, in its sole discretion, that you are in breach any of the Terms of Service or GETA considers in its sole discretion that your use of the GETA website is inappropriate or otherwise unacceptable.

12.2 The restriction, suspension or termination of our service pursuant to this section will be without prejudice to any rights which GETA may have against you in respect of your breach of these Terms of Service.

12.3 GETA shall be entitled to disclose your user identity and details if required or requested by the courts or other law enforcement authorities and/or agencies or in such other circumstances as GETA in its sole discretion considers reasonably necessary or appropriate.



13. Indemnification

You agree to indemnify and hold each of GETA , its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of the GETA website, the violation of these Terms of Service by you, or the infringement by you, or any other subscriber of your account, or of any intellectual property or other right of any other person or entity.



14. Applicable Law

These Terms of Service shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United Kingdom and any dispute shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the British courts.



15. Miscellaneous

15.1 In the event that any provision of the Terms of Service conflicts with the law under which the Terms of Service are to be construed or if any such provisions are held invalid by a court with jurisdiction over the parties to the Terms of Service, such provision will at the election of GETA, be deleted and the remainder of the terms of these Terms of Service will remain in full force and effect.

15.2 Any failure or delay by us to enforce strict performance by you of any of the Terms of Service or to exercise any right under the Terms of Service will not be construed as a waiver to any extent of our rights.

15.3 GETA may assign its rights and obligations under these Terms of Service and upon such assignment GETA shall be relieved of any further obligation under these Terms of Service.

15.4 These Terms of Service, any Additional Terms (as defined in section 2 above) and the Privacy Policy constitute the entire understanding between you and us as to your use of the GETA website and supersede all prior agreements and understandings between us and you.



Our privacy policy

Gay Welcome is a safe and secure e-commerce site. Therefore your privacy is very important to us. This privacy statement explains our data collection, use and safeguard practices concerning the personal information you provide us on our Web site. By using this site, you consent to the data collection practices described in this statement.

When you register as a member of the Gay Welcome website you will be agreeing to be bound by our privacy policy i.e. you agree to our use of any personal information that we may collect from you as a member of the Gay Welcome website as set out in this privacy policy. If you do not give your consent, then please do not register with our website.

Our privacy policy is simple.

1. Collection of Information

Gay Welcome collects the details provided by you on registration together with the information we learn about you through your use of the service. We may collect additional information through your participation in any promotions and competitions offered by us.

2. Subscribers

If you decide not to become a member of the Gay Welcome website but wish to subscribe to one or more of our newsletters we will need to collect your e-mail address in order to send our newsletters to you. We will not use your e-mail address for any other purpose unless you have also opted in elsewhere to receive further information from us.

3. Sensitive Information

We are required by law to advise you that occasionally the selections you make when using our services may indicate information about you that you may regard as sensitive such as the state of your health or your sexual orientation. As with all of the personal information you provide to us, you can be assured that any sensitive information you choose to supply to us will only be used in accordance with this privacy policy.

4. How we use the Information you provide

We use the information we collect to supply our services to you. We may also use your contact details to communicate with you. We may contact you by e-mail, post, text message or telephone. We may use your information to send you information, special offers, promotions, coupons and free samples.

5. Disclosure of your information

Your information may be passed to and used by our group companies.
We do not store credit card details nor do we share customer details with any 3rd parties.
We will not pass your information to anyone else other than successors in title to our business and suppliers that process data on our behalf. Please note that some of our group companies and third party partners may be located overseas in countries which do not have as extensive data protection laws as in the European Union.

6. Other web sites

Where we provide links to third party web sites which are not affiliated with Gay Welcome, even if Gay Welcome branding appears on these sites, such sites are out of our control and are not covered by this Privacy Policy. If you access these sites by using the links provided, the operators of these sites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policy.

7. Cookies

Use of Cookies on our site

A cookie is a text-only string of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computer's hard disk so that the website can remember who you are.

A cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has come, the 'lifetime' of the cookie, and a value, usually a randomly generated unique number.

Two types of cookies are used on this website:


session cookies - temporary cookies that remain in the cookie file of your browser until you leave the site;


persistent cookies - these remain in the cookie file of your browser for much longer (though how long will depend on the lifetime of the specific cookie).


Cookies can help a website to arrange content to match your preferred interests more quickly. Most major websites use cookies.

Cookies cannot be used by themselves to identify you.

How we use cookies on our website and what information we collect

Session cookies:

· To allow you to carry information across pages of our site and avoid having to log-in many times.
· Within registration to allow you to access stored information.

Persistent cookies:

· To help us recognise you as a unique visitor (just a number) when you return to our website and to allow us to tailor content or advertisements to match your preferred interests or to avoid showing you the same adverts repeatedly.

· To compile anonymous, aggregated statistics that allow us to understand how users use our site and to help us improve the structure of our website. We cannot identify you personally in this way.

· Within research surveys to ensure you are not invited to complete a questionnaire too often or after you have already done so.

· To store registration information so that you only have to re-enter your password each time you visit the site.

Third-party cookies:

Third parties serve cookies via this site. These are used for the following purposes:

· To serve advertisements on our site and track whether these advertisements are clicked on by users.
· To control how often you are shown a particular advertisement.
· To tailor content to your preferences.
· To count the number of anonymous users of our site.

Use of web beacons

Some of our web pages may contain electronic images known as web beacons (sometimes known as clear gifs) that allow us to count users who have visited these pages. Web beacons collect only limited information which including a cookie number, time and date of a page view, and a description of the page on which the web beacon resides. We may also carry web beacons placed by third-party advertisers. These beacons do not carry any personally identifiable information and are only used to track the effectiveness of a particular campaign.

Find out more about web beacons

Disabling or enabling cookies

You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings in your browser. However, you may not be able to use all the interactive features of our site if cookies are disabled.

What can I do to manage cookies stored on my computer?

There are a number of ways to manage cookies. If you use different computers in different locations you will need to ensure that each browser is adjusted to suit your cookie preferences.

Some modern browsers have a feature that will analyse website privacy policies and allow a user to control their privacy needs. These are known as 'P3P' features (Privacy Preferences Platform). Find further information on P3P.
You can easily delete any cookies that have been installed in the cookie folder of your browser. For example, if you are using Microsoft Windows Explorer:

· Open 'Windows Explorer'
· Click on the 'Search' button on the tool bar
· Type 'cookie' into the search box for 'Folders and Files'
· Select 'My Computer' in the 'Look In' box
· Click 'Search Now'
· Double click on the folders that are found
· 'Select' any cookie file
· Hit the 'Delete' button on your keyboard

If you are not using Microsoft Windows Explorer, then you should select 'cookies' in the 'Help' function for information on where to find your cookie folder.

What can I do to stop cookies being installed on my browser?

All web browsers enable you to set your cookie preferences before you start surfing.

I like to control which cookies are being set on my browser, but the alerts are rather annoying - is there any way that I can stop them?

The most up-to-date versions of browser technology enable you to set your preferences with more sophistication so that you can choose which cookies to accept or reject. They use a system called P3P (Privacy Preferences Platform) to match your preferences with the privacy policy of a website.

8. Children

We do not allow persons who we know to be 13 or younger to become members of the Gay Welcome website and do not therefore knowingly solicit personal information from persons aged 13 or younger or share such information with third parties. We discourage members under the age of 16 from participating in chat or bulletin boards.

9. Chat Rooms and Bulletin Boards

Please note that our chat rooms and bulletin boards are open to the public and if you choose to disclose personal information in these areas you are consenting to its unrestricted distribution throughout the Gay Welcome website and to and by other the Gay Welcome website members.

10. General

Your personal information will be held and used by us in accordance with EU data protection legislation. You have a right to access the personal information that is held about you. To obtain a copy of the personal information Gay Welcome holds about you please write to the address below enclosing your name, address, and a cheque for 15 Euros payable to GETA Ltd..

We may change this privacy policy from time to time. Any change will take effect once the revised privacy policy is available on the the Gay Welcome website home page.

If you have any queries about this privacy policy, please write to us at feedback@GayWelcome.com or write to us at:

Geta Ltd.
Hill Farm
Leverstock Green Road
Leverstock Green
HP3 8QA
United Kingdom





Who can join GETA?

GETA is open to businesses and organisations that meet these two criteria:


Your activities relate to the European tourism industry

You agree to honour the GETA Pledge: You welcome gay, lesbian, bisexual and transsexual customers and agree to treat them with the same respect that you treat all your customers.

Why join GETA? >

Gay Media Directory >

Reach gay audiences worldwide using our Gay Magazine Directory - every major gay magazine in the world listed in one convenient place, saving you hours of time and making planning your marketing much easier.



Visit the directory >


New GETA Research:



European gay travel market worth €50b



Our exclusive research report is out - and estimates the value of the gay travel market in Europe at a massive €50 billion per year. Find out more about how it was compiled and what it means for you.

Find out more here >


Ask questions of others in the industry in our Forum >

Ask questions, and get answers from our moderators and other GETA members.



Join our forum now >


Tell the world you've joined!









What better way to signal to your customers and partners that you support  gay tourism in Europe than to add a GETA or Gay Welcome logo to your website or other marketing materials?



View all the logos & code >





GETA 'GURU'

RESOURCES

ABOUT GETA

GAY WELCOME



About gay tourists

Appealing to them

Reaching them



Services GETA

SIGN IN

Gay Media Directory

Members Directory

GETA on Twitter

What is GETA?

The Team

Press Coverage

Media Centre

Contact us

Terms & Conditions


Gay Travel

Add your  property

Events & News

Ideas & Advice



Follow GETA on














Designed by MyWebSpinners





OUR PARTNERS:















