
Gay Berlin | Gay Welcome












PLEASE SIGN IN (OR REGISTER)






Please sign in - so that you can view your Travel File, your Reviews, your 'Voucher Access' status and to manage your account information.



SIGN IN BELOW:

OR REGISTER HERE >





Email:



*



Password:



*










Forgot your password?
Fill in your email address above, and then
CLICK HERE >



Registering allows you to:




TRAVEL FILE:
Save any Places to Stay you like the look of in your own personal 'Travel Fil'e - so that they are never lost.



ADD REVIEWS:
Write reviews of Places to Stay listed on our website.



SAVE VIA VOUCHERS:
Purchase 'Voucher Access' for only €10 per year. You can then view and print out vouchers worth €100s.












































Home

4093 Hotels
﻿




All hotels

Search ALL our gay, actively-gay friendly and gay-friendly accommodation.



Gay-only places


Europe’s exclusively-gay hotels, guesthouses and B&Bs, all on one easy-to-use map.




Nude hotels


Places that allow nudity around the pool and in their garden.




Great offers


Places offering a discount or offer.






Cool hotels


Our favourite chic and trendy gay and very gay-friendly places to stay.




Mediterranean holiday


Hotels, B&Bs and Guesthouses in southern Europe that offer a pool.




Winter sun


Places in the Canary Islands and southern Israel that can guarantee winter sunbathing.




Ski hotels


The top gay and gay-friendly hotels and B&Bs close to the slopes.




69 Holidays
﻿




All cruises, tours & holidays

An introduction to gay cruises, tours and holidays - from huge Atlantis cruises to more intimate trips.



Gay Tour Operators & Travel Agents

Save time and money, and get a better holiday experience, by booking through a gay tour operator or travel agent.






Gay-only cruises


From big Atlantis cruises to more intimate riverboat cruises.




Gay groups on cruises


Expand your cruising options by joining an organised group on a cruise.




Gay tours


Everything from sightseeing tours of Spain to hiking in Croatia.




Gay holidays


Get your party frock ready for a week or two of sun, sex and sand...




16 Hot Spots
﻿





All 'Hot Spot' guides

Browse our growing catalogue of guides to Europe's favorite cities, beach towns and regions - each giving you great tips on what to do, see and where to eat.





Top cities

Amsterdam
,
Barcelona
,
Berlin
,
London
,
Madrid
,
Paris
,
Prague
,
Stockholm
,
Vienna



Top 'surf & turf'

Gran Canaria
,
Ibiza
,
Mykonos
,
Sitges
, 
South of France
,
Tuscany & Northern Italy




414 Events
﻿




All events

Go to our Events Home Page to view all 414 events in Europe coming up over the next 12 months





Search by category


CHOOSE
Bears
Clubbing
Comedy
Cruises (Gay-groups)
Cruises (Gay-only)
Dance
Exhibits
Fashion
Festivals
Film
Holidays (Gay-only)
Leather & Fetish
Lesbian
Music
Opera
Pageants
Pride
Ski Weeks
Sport
Theatre
Tours (Gay-only)




Search by location


CHOOSE
Adriatic Coast
Amsterdam
Antwerp
Athens
Austrian Alps
Barcelona
Benidorm
Berlin
Birmingham
Brighton
Bristol
Brussels
Budapest
Canary Islands
Cardiff
Cologne
Copenhagen
Düsseldorf
Dalmatian Coast
Dublin
Dubrovnik
Eastern Austria
Eastern Germany
Edinburgh
Florence
Frankfurt
French Alps
Gran Canaria
Greek Islands
Hamburg
Hanover
Helsinki
Ibiza
Istanbul
Latvia
Liverpool
London
Madrid
Majorca & Minorca
Manchester
Marseille
Milan
Montpellier
Munich
Mykonos
Nice
North East France
Northern Italy
Northern Spain
Oslo
Paris
Prague
Reykjavik
Rome
Scotland
Seville
Sitges
South East England
South of France
South West England
Southern Netherlands
Southern Sweden
Stockholm
Stuttgart
Swiss Alps
Tel Aviv
Tuscany
Valencia
Venice
Verona
Vienna
Western Austria
Zurich




Search by month


CHOOSE
Jul 2016
Aug 2016
Sep 2016
Oct 2016
Nov 2016
Dec 2016
Jan 2017
Feb 2017
Mar 2017
Apr 2017
May 2017
Jun 2017




Search by key word





Travel News












Gay Berlin
























OVERVIEW

GAY LIFE

HOTELS ETC

HOT TIPS






A guide to Gay Berlin




Berlin will impress you, regardless of whether you’re visiting the German capital for the first time or if you’re catching up with a city that has re-invented itself after the fall of the wall in 1989. It is both modern and old, warm and cold, green and industrial, local and international. Because the city was divided in two for almost 30 years, which you will still notice today, Berlin has developed very distinctively.



With over 3.5 million inhabitants, Berlin has a rich history that dates back from the late 12th century. It has been the capital of the Kingdom of Prussia, the German Empire, the Weimar Republic, the Third Reich and is now again the capital of the re-unified Germany. Its diverse history is reflected in its architectural legacy, with representatives of almost every architectural style. Post war reconstruction and development following unification and its reinstallation as the German capital, has led to a boom in modern construction.  The reconstruction of areas such as the Potsdamer Platz and the new government buildings are in strong contrast to old buildings such those seen on the boulevard Unter den Linden.



Berlin has three opera houses, a very lively cultural scene with worldwide famous musicals and is of course the seat of the world famous Berliner Philarmoniker. It hosts famous festivals, such as the
Berlin Film Festival
in February which  includes the Queer Film Award Teddy and
ITB
, the world’s largest tourism trade show in March.  For more on Berlin’s calendar of Events, please
click here >




Our top sightseeing tips for  Berlin


Museum Island
– Some of the most impressive collections

Berlin Wall

Unter den Linden Boulevard – Walk from the Brandenburg Gate to Alexander Square visiting some of the most historical buildings in the city, including a view from the top of the
TV tower

Bundestag
German Parliament

Tiergarten & Victory Tower (Siegessaeule). Berlin’s largest park

Memorial to the Murdered Jews of Europe

Berlin Zoo
– The largest range of species in the world

Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church
at Kufuerstendamm

Boat Trip
– an interesting way to see many of Berlin’s landmarks

Potsdam
– a great day trip to the capital city of Brandenburg State. The Sanssousci Park and Palace is a must see. Get there by S-Banh S-7 and then by bus




Shopping

As Berlin was divided for such a long time, shopping areas are spread throughout the city. In addition, newly-developed areas have emerged since the re-unification, such as Potsdamer Platz. In the former West, the Ku’Damm and Tauentzienstrasse are the main shopping areas. KaDeWe (Ku’Damm) is an impressive department store. Friedrichstrasse, in former East Berlin is elegant and upmarket, with Galleries Lafayette and Quartiers. In Schoeneberg gay shops are around Eisenacher Strasse and Motzstrasse. Most large shops are open until 9 or 10PM.



Getting There

Berlin has three
airports
, Tegel, Schoenefeld and the new Berlin Brandenburg. They all offer easy and inexpensive access by public transport. If you are arriving by
train
, the new Hauptbahnhof connects easily with the all public transports, the
U-Bahn
and the
S-Bahn
. Inter-city buses – Berlin is connected to over 350 cities in Europe – arrive at the Zentraler Omnibusbahnhof in Charlottenburg, from there you can access any part of town by S-Bahn or bus. If you decide to drive, you will need to display a “Low Emission” sticker, in order to enter the city centre, for more information, please
click here >



Getting Around

Berlin has an impressive transport systems with a very efficient underground “U-Bahn” and overground “S-Bahn”. Buses are also an excellent way of moving around Berlin as they are inexpensive and punctual. Plan how to move around by
clicking here >
For further information on travel passes and other important hints, please visit Berlin
Tourism’s website
. You may wish to
pedal
your way around Berlin – or explore it by
scooter
.

NEXT: Gay Berlin >








Gay Berlin






Events in Berlin



FUTURE EVENTS WILL APPEAR HERE SOON




You will find three different gay areas: two in what was formerly West Berlin (Schoeneberg and Kreuzberg) and Prenzlauer Berg in what was once the capital of East Germany.   All these three areas are close to the city centre. Most recently the area called Friedrichshain, by Kreuzberg, has also started developing an interesting gay scene. The gay areas are marked clearly on our
gay accommodation map
– so you should be able to find a gay-friendly or gay hotel in Berlin very easily.



Schoeneberg was already  famous in the 1920’s for its gay life and is still today the main gay area in the city.  It hosts Europe’s largest Gay & Lesbian street festival called Strassenfest (around
Nollendorfplatz
) in mid June.



Kreuzberg, formerly a fairly run down area has  become a hub of avant guard galleries and a mix of gay bars and low price restaurant.



PrenzlauerBerg, is where east Berlin’s gays gathered, both socially and politically.   It is now a thriving gay area, although less concentrated than those of the west.



Berlin has a great café culture. The city’s first gay magazine, Der Eigene was published by Dr. Magnus Hirschfeld in 1896 and in the 1920’s you would find a larger selection of gay press sold in newsstands alongside the mainstream press. The Eldorado night club, in Schoeneberg, was one of the most famous gay venues of the golden 20‘s. The city has a gay museum (
Schwules Museum
) with very interesting exhibitions and is well worth a visit.



Berlin is very liberal and is known for its very diverse gay scene: from gay cafés to leather festivals, it has a lot to offer to the gay traveller. The city hosts famous gay festivals such as
Folsom Europe
, the
Hustlaball
and central Europe’s largest
Gay Pride
.



NEXT: Gay Accommodation in Berlin >










There are a few gay-only hotels in Berlin, including the Axel and Tom’s. We've listed gay and gay-friendly accommodation in Berlin on the right. However, should you want to search using a map, then visit our
main hotels search page
. The main gay areas of Berlin ( Schoeneberg, Kreuzberg and Prenzlauer Berg) will be marked on the map, making it easier to find somewhere near 'the action'.



NEXT: Top Berlin Links >







Links to the best Gay Berlin links

So many Gay Berlin destination guides attempt to list the top restaurants, bars, shops, events, and websites for a given town - but their suggestions quickly become out of date, because such information is constantly changing. So instead of trying to list our own suggestions, we've listed the best websites or 'apps' for finding out what's hot in Gay Berlin. That way, you get the best information possible. Simply click on any of the logos below to visit any of our recommended sites.






If you're looking to meet friendly Berliners, then we'd recommend the apps Grindr and Scruff, as well as more Euro-centric apps such as PlanetRomeo and CitéGay.









Your best bet is the huge
Visit Berlin
website. For a more gay-focused list of things to see and do, try the
Out in Berlin
website.









GayWelcome
is a great place to start for a list of cherry-picked Berlin gay events. We also recommend the
Berlin.de
website for up-to-date listings on the city’s top mainstream events and festivals.










Forget sausages - Berlin now offers some of Europe's most exciting restaurants. Check out '
Good Food Berlin
',
TripAdvisor
and
TimeOut
for the best places to eat.











It may not rival London for shopping, but Berlin does offer some decent shops. Try the
Berlin.de
site for a list of good places to shop, as well as
TimeOut
.









For local Berlin listings for all things gay, try the online
Siegessaule.de
website (mostly in German). Or try
TimeOut
for English-language ideas of places to go.













OUR FAVOURITE HOTELS

41




London, United Kingdom :
Gay-friendly Hotel


GET OUR NEWSLETTER







Subscribe to our weekly‘EUROPEXPOSED’ newsletter and get the latest LGBT travel news for Europe delivered to your inbox each week - everything from hot offers to new hotel openings to upcoming events to the latest swimwear launches.



EUROPE'S  HOT SPOTS

Make the most of your trip - check out what to see and do with our Hot Spot Guides.



CITY SLICKERS












SURF & TURF










UPCOMING EVENTS






Clubbing

Red & Blue NYE

Antwerp

31 Dec - 31 Dec, 2016








Clubbing

BEEFMINCE NYE - The Big Dong!

London

31 Dec - 31 Dec, 2017





TRAVEL NEWS






Holidays

6 LGBT-Friendly Destinations for Your Next…

As with any other community, the gay community has its own ebb and flow of travel…








Politics

Russia: gays fans could face dire consequences

World football governing body FIFA has released a statement warning homosexual football…















ABOUT US:

TRAVELLERS:

HOSTS:

ARTICLES:

HOT SPOTS:



Our Team

Terms & Conditions

Our FaceBook Page

Useful Links

Site Map

Home

Gay Hotels

Hot Spot Guides

LGBT Events

Cruises & Tours


Add YOUR Property

Manage Your Account

GETA

LGBT Media Directory

Contact Us

Articles Home

Gay Cruises

Gay Holidays

Gay Clubbing

Gay Travel

New Hot Spots



Amsterdam

Gran Canaria

Ibiza

London

Mykonos

Sitges





OUR PARTNERS:






