
Gay Barcelona | Gay Welcome












PLEASE SIGN IN (OR REGISTER)






Please sign in - so that you can view your Travel File, your Reviews, your 'Voucher Access' status and to manage your account information.



SIGN IN BELOW:

OR REGISTER HERE >





Email:



*



Password:



*










Forgot your password?
Fill in your email address above, and then
CLICK HERE >



Registering allows you to:




TRAVEL FILE:
Save any Places to Stay you like the look of in your own personal 'Travel Fil'e - so that they are never lost.



ADD REVIEWS:
Write reviews of Places to Stay listed on our website.



SAVE VIA VOUCHERS:
Purchase 'Voucher Access' for only €10 per year. You can then view and print out vouchers worth €100s.












































Home

4093 Hotels
﻿




All hotels

Search ALL our gay, actively-gay friendly and gay-friendly accommodation.



Gay-only places


Europe’s exclusively-gay hotels, guesthouses and B&Bs, all on one easy-to-use map.




Nude hotels


Places that allow nudity around the pool and in their garden.




Great offers


Places offering a discount or offer.






Cool hotels


Our favourite chic and trendy gay and very gay-friendly places to stay.




Mediterranean holiday


Hotels, B&Bs and Guesthouses in southern Europe that offer a pool.




Winter sun


Places in the Canary Islands and southern Israel that can guarantee winter sunbathing.




Ski hotels


The top gay and gay-friendly hotels and B&Bs close to the slopes.




69 Holidays
﻿




All cruises, tours & holidays

An introduction to gay cruises, tours and holidays - from huge Atlantis cruises to more intimate trips.



Gay Tour Operators & Travel Agents

Save time and money, and get a better holiday experience, by booking through a gay tour operator or travel agent.






Gay-only cruises


From big Atlantis cruises to more intimate riverboat cruises.




Gay groups on cruises


Expand your cruising options by joining an organised group on a cruise.




Gay tours


Everything from sightseeing tours of Spain to hiking in Croatia.




Gay holidays


Get your party frock ready for a week or two of sun, sex and sand...




16 Hot Spots
﻿





All 'Hot Spot' guides

Browse our growing catalogue of guides to Europe's favorite cities, beach towns and regions - each giving you great tips on what to do, see and where to eat.





Top cities

Amsterdam
,
Barcelona
,
Berlin
,
London
,
Madrid
,
Paris
,
Prague
,
Stockholm
,
Vienna



Top 'surf & turf'

Gran Canaria
,
Ibiza
,
Mykonos
,
Sitges
, 
South of France
,
Tuscany & Northern Italy




414 Events
﻿




All events

Go to our Events Home Page to view all 414 events in Europe coming up over the next 12 months





Search by category


CHOOSE
Bears
Clubbing
Comedy
Cruises (Gay-groups)
Cruises (Gay-only)
Dance
Exhibits
Fashion
Festivals
Film
Holidays (Gay-only)
Leather & Fetish
Lesbian
Music
Opera
Pageants
Pride
Ski Weeks
Sport
Theatre
Tours (Gay-only)




Search by location


CHOOSE
Adriatic Coast
Amsterdam
Antwerp
Athens
Austrian Alps
Barcelona
Benidorm
Berlin
Birmingham
Brighton
Bristol
Brussels
Budapest
Canary Islands
Cardiff
Cologne
Copenhagen
Düsseldorf
Dalmatian Coast
Dublin
Dubrovnik
Eastern Austria
Eastern Germany
Edinburgh
Florence
Frankfurt
French Alps
Gran Canaria
Greek Islands
Hamburg
Hanover
Helsinki
Ibiza
Istanbul
Latvia
Liverpool
London
Madrid
Majorca & Minorca
Manchester
Marseille
Milan
Montpellier
Munich
Mykonos
Nice
North East France
Northern Italy
Northern Spain
Oslo
Paris
Prague
Reykjavik
Rome
Scotland
Seville
Sitges
South East England
South of France
South West England
Southern Netherlands
Southern Sweden
Stockholm
Stuttgart
Swiss Alps
Tel Aviv
Tuscany
Valencia
Venice
Verona
Vienna
Western Austria
Zurich




Search by month


CHOOSE
Jul 2016
Aug 2016
Sep 2016
Oct 2016
Nov 2016
Dec 2016
Jan 2017
Feb 2017
Mar 2017
Apr 2017
May 2017
Jun 2017




Search by key word





Travel News












Gay Barcelona























OVERVIEW

GAY LIFE

HOTELS ETC

HOT TIPS






A guide to Gay Barcelona




Barcelona is the capital of Catalonia – a fiercely independent region of Spain that has fought hard to retain its distinctive culture, language and political autonomy. As a result, most of the population of Barcelona speak Catalan rather than (Castilian) Spanish - although all will speak in Castilian if you ask them nicely…



Barcelona spills out on to the Mediterranean, with an impressive port and long line of beaches backed by beach bars and restaurants. Barcelona got its big shot in the arm back in 1992 when the Olympics was hosted in the city. It went from relative obscurity as a destination to being in Europe’s top 5 - and the growth has continued ever since then. More and more luxury hotels have popped up along the shore (such as the W and the Hotel Arts) – all giving spectacular views of the Mediterranean and the city itself.



Like London (and unlike Paris), Barcelona is a very young city. Its streets teem with sexy 20-somethings wearing the latest street fashion. Food here is relatively inexpensive – with excellent tapas restaurants around every corner. There are now also a lot of great mid-priced restaurants, some offering very innovative menus - such as Peruvian-Japanese cuisine. You'll also find some really cool restaurants have opened up in the city's former covered markets.



As in the rest of Spain, brace yourself for some pretty odd opening hours. People eat lunch at around 2pm, shops then close during the afternoon for ‘siesta’, dinner is around 10-11pm, and bars and clubs don’t really get going till 2-3am! We’d recommend a good ‘disco nap’ between say 7pm and 10pm – just to keep you going all night long.



Our top sightseeing tips for  Barcelona


The ‘route modernist Gaudi’ – hop onto one of the tourist busses for a quick survey of Gaudi’s weird and wonderful buildings and his Parc Guel

Chill out at the top of Montjuïc in a café under the trees with a view of the sea

The Gothic Quarter, the cathedral, the Plaza de Sant Jaume

The port: from Barceloneta to Maremagnum

Museums: Picasso, Miró, MNAC, MACBA …

Beaches: possibly the best urban beaches in the world

Boqueria Market – gorgeous fruit, vegetables, fish, meat and more…

Shopping: Wander up Passeig de Gràcia (check out Vinçon’s gadgets and kitchenware)

Coffee or lunch on top of the Barcelona History Museum (great views)




Shopping


Passeig de Gràcia, Barcelona’s 5th Avenue, where you’ll find huge shops and department stores

Barri Gotic, home to lots of little boutiques

El Born, the city’s fashionable quarter with funky boutiques and cafés
West Eixample (Gayxample), home to gay clothing and sex shops




Getting Around

Taxis are relatively cheap in Barcelona, and the city isn’t huge like London – so this might be the way to go in terms of getting around. The underground metro railway is also very inexpensive and easy to use.



Getting There

Barcelona benefits from excellent connections by land, sea and air. Barcelona International Airport is 12 kilometers from the city with trains and ‘Aerobuses’ to the city at regular intervals between 6am and 1am the next day. Barcelona also has connections to Madrid via the AVE (high speed train), and of course the port is another gateway in the heart of the city. Low-cost airlines also fly to Girona – which is about an hour from Barcelona. Parking in the city costs about €25 a day – so factor that in if you decide to hire a car.



From beyond Europe

If you’re flying here from outside Europe, you can find direct flights to the city from some of the world’s bigger cities. However, you might find it easier to fly to say London or Paris, and then catch a connecting flight to Barcelona itself.



NEXT: Gay Barcelona >







Gay Barcelona






Events in Barcelona




Cruises (Gay-only)

The Cruise by La Demence

Barcelona

09 Jul - 16 Jul, 2018





Barcelona is without doubt one of the world’s great gay playgrounds. The city pioneered the first local gay community in Spain, and a huge gay infrastructure has grown up over the years. Bars, discos, saunas, sex shops, restaurants, shops and all kinds of services, focused primarily on the western side of the Eixample district (known as “Gayxample”) now serve locals and tourists all year round. The city’s cultural life, dining, and of course the beaches (San Sebastian beach is the most gay) make it a mecca for gay travelers the world over. The city also offers lots of great saunas - and the best way to choose between them is to visit
SaunaPasses Barcelona
.



Should you want a private tour of the city with a 'gay bent' - then why not try
Rainbow Barcelona
- who specialise in organise tours for gay travellers.



Gay Sitges

Only an hour from Barcelona is the seaside town of Sitges – another gay ‘hotspot’. It’s where Barcelonans escape in summer to get away from the heat and the city – and is one of the top gay resorts in Europe. You can read all about sitges as a destination
here >



NEXT: Gay Accommodation in Barcelona >









When it comes to gay hotels Barcelona is like most of Europe’s big cities – gay-only hotels, guesthouses and bed and breakfasts are a little thin on the ground.



However, Barcelona offers one notable exception – the Axel Hotel was one of the first large gay-only hotels in Europe, and though now officially ‘hetero-friendly’ – it is still predominantly gay and has recently expanded. It’s right in the middle of Barcelona’s gay quarter. In terms of gay hotels Barcelona offers more gay-friendly options and exclusively-gay accommodation, so we recommend you use our Property Search Map to find something central that also offers good value for money.



In terms of location, gay travelers should choose between the centre of town (where you can just step out into the middle of it all) or stay at one of the newer hotels along the shoreline (which would require a little more walking, or a cab, to get into the centre of things). These hotels, though less centrally placed, do often offer more spectacular views of the sea and city itself. They also give you easy access to the city’s beaches – which are packed in summer.



NEXT: Top Barcelona Links >







Links to the best Gay Barcelona links

So many Gay Barcelona destination guides attempt to list the top restaurants, bars, shops, events, and websites for a given town - but their suggestions quickly become out of date, because such information is constantly changing. So instead of trying to list our own suggestions, we've listed the best websites or 'apps' for finding out what's hot in Gay Barcelona. That way, you get the best information possible. Simply click on any of the logos below to visit any of our recommended sites.






If you’re looking to meet up with some of Barcelona’s gay residents, we’d recommend the Grindr and Scruff apps, and the more Euro-centric
Planet Romeo
and Spanish-based
Chueca.com









To find out what to do and see in Barcelona, the two best websites to visit are
VisitBarcelonaGay.com
for a gay perspective, and the official
Barcelona Turisme
site.










If you’re looking to see what’s on in Barcelona, then the
Gay Welcome Events in Barcelona
section is a great start. For a much wider range of events – try
TimeOut
and
Metropolitan
.











The food has improved hugely in Barcelona, and the city now offers some of the world’s best restaurants. To find out what's best, check out
TimeOut Barcelona
, the
Zagat Guide
or
TripAdvisor
.










Barcelona is a great city for shopping. To find out what to buy where in the city, try
TimeOut Barcelona
and
Barcelona.com
's listings.










The best way to find out what’s on  in  gay bars, clubs, saunas and shops is to pick up one of the local gay listings magazines found in gay venues. In Barcelona – look out for
Shangay
.













OUR FAVOURITE HOTELS

Staying Cool Birmingham




South East England, United Kingdom :
Gay-friendly Hotel


GET OUR NEWSLETTER







Subscribe to our weekly‘EUROPEXPOSED’ newsletter and get the latest LGBT travel news for Europe delivered to your inbox each week - everything from hot offers to new hotel openings to upcoming events to the latest swimwear launches.



EUROPE'S  HOT SPOTS

Make the most of your trip - check out what to see and do with our Hot Spot Guides.



CITY SLICKERS












SURF & TURF










UPCOMING EVENTS






Clubbing

Red & Blue NYE

Antwerp

31 Dec - 31 Dec, 2016








Clubbing

She Soho’s New Year’s Eve Party

London

31 Dec - 31 Dec, 2017





TRAVEL NEWS






Holidays

6 LGBT-Friendly Destinations for Your Next…

As with any other community, the gay community has its own ebb and flow of travel…








Politics

Russia: gays fans could face dire consequences

World football governing body FIFA has released a statement warning homosexual football…















ABOUT US:

TRAVELLERS:

HOSTS:

ARTICLES:

HOT SPOTS:



Our Team

Terms & Conditions

Our FaceBook Page

Useful Links

Site Map

Home

Gay Hotels

Hot Spot Guides

LGBT Events

Cruises & Tours


Add YOUR Property

Manage Your Account

GETA

LGBT Media Directory

Contact Us

Articles Home

Gay Cruises

Gay Holidays

Gay Clubbing

Gay Travel

New Hot Spots



Amsterdam

Gran Canaria

Ibiza

London

Mykonos

Sitges





OUR PARTNERS:






