
Gay Amsterdam | Gay Welcome












PLEASE SIGN IN (OR REGISTER)






Please sign in - so that you can view your Travel File, your Reviews, your 'Voucher Access' status and to manage your account information.



SIGN IN BELOW:

OR REGISTER HERE >





Email:



*



Password:



*










Forgot your password?
Fill in your email address above, and then
CLICK HERE >



Registering allows you to:




TRAVEL FILE:
Save any Places to Stay you like the look of in your own personal 'Travel Fil'e - so that they are never lost.



ADD REVIEWS:
Write reviews of Places to Stay listed on our website.



SAVE VIA VOUCHERS:
Purchase 'Voucher Access' for only €10 per year. You can then view and print out vouchers worth €100s.












































Home

4093 Hotels
﻿




All hotels

Search ALL our gay, actively-gay friendly and gay-friendly accommodation.



Gay-only places


Europe’s exclusively-gay hotels, guesthouses and B&Bs, all on one easy-to-use map.




Nude hotels


Places that allow nudity around the pool and in their garden.




Great offers


Places offering a discount or offer.






Cool hotels


Our favourite chic and trendy gay and very gay-friendly places to stay.




Mediterranean holiday


Hotels, B&Bs and Guesthouses in southern Europe that offer a pool.




Winter sun


Places in the Canary Islands and southern Israel that can guarantee winter sunbathing.




Ski hotels


The top gay and gay-friendly hotels and B&Bs close to the slopes.




69 Holidays
﻿




All cruises, tours & holidays

An introduction to gay cruises, tours and holidays - from huge Atlantis cruises to more intimate trips.



Gay Tour Operators & Travel Agents

Save time and money, and get a better holiday experience, by booking through a gay tour operator or travel agent.






Gay-only cruises


From big Atlantis cruises to more intimate riverboat cruises.




Gay groups on cruises


Expand your cruising options by joining an organised group on a cruise.




Gay tours


Everything from sightseeing tours of Spain to hiking in Croatia.




Gay holidays


Get your party frock ready for a week or two of sun, sex and sand...




16 Hot Spots
﻿





All 'Hot Spot' guides

Browse our growing catalogue of guides to Europe's favorite cities, beach towns and regions - each giving you great tips on what to do, see and where to eat.





Top cities

Amsterdam
,
Barcelona
,
Berlin
,
London
,
Madrid
,
Paris
,
Prague
,
Stockholm
,
Vienna



Top 'surf & turf'

Gran Canaria
,
Ibiza
,
Mykonos
,
Sitges
, 
South of France
,
Tuscany & Northern Italy




414 Events
﻿




All events

Go to our Events Home Page to view all 414 events in Europe coming up over the next 12 months





Search by category


CHOOSE
Bears
Clubbing
Comedy
Cruises (Gay-groups)
Cruises (Gay-only)
Dance
Exhibits
Fashion
Festivals
Film
Holidays (Gay-only)
Leather & Fetish
Lesbian
Music
Opera
Pageants
Pride
Ski Weeks
Sport
Theatre
Tours (Gay-only)




Search by location


CHOOSE
Adriatic Coast
Amsterdam
Antwerp
Athens
Austrian Alps
Barcelona
Benidorm
Berlin
Birmingham
Brighton
Bristol
Brussels
Budapest
Canary Islands
Cardiff
Cologne
Copenhagen
Düsseldorf
Dalmatian Coast
Dublin
Dubrovnik
Eastern Austria
Eastern Germany
Edinburgh
Florence
Frankfurt
French Alps
Gran Canaria
Greek Islands
Hamburg
Hanover
Helsinki
Ibiza
Istanbul
Latvia
Liverpool
London
Madrid
Majorca & Minorca
Manchester
Marseille
Milan
Montpellier
Munich
Mykonos
Nice
North East France
Northern Italy
Northern Spain
Oslo
Paris
Prague
Reykjavik
Rome
Scotland
Seville
Sitges
South East England
South of France
South West England
Southern Netherlands
Southern Sweden
Stockholm
Stuttgart
Swiss Alps
Tel Aviv
Tuscany
Valencia
Venice
Verona
Vienna
Western Austria
Zurich




Search by month


CHOOSE
Jul 2016
Aug 2016
Sep 2016
Oct 2016
Nov 2016
Dec 2016
Jan 2017
Feb 2017
Mar 2017
Apr 2017
May 2017
Jun 2017




Search by key word





Travel News












Gay Amsterdam
























OVERVIEW

GAY LIFE

HOTELS ETC

HOT TIPS






A guide to Gay Amsterdam




Amsterdam is one of Europe’s most beautiful and romantic cities - and 'Gay Amsterdam' is one of Europe's biggest gay centres.  Built on the proceeds of trade and finance, Amsterdam is both a royal capital and a testament to the style and affluence of its merchants who, in the 17th century, made Amsterdam the wealthiest city in the world. It's still one of the world's most wealthy and cosmopolitain cities, and Gay Amsterdam can claim to be one of Europe's big 5 gay cities - along with London, Barcelona, Madrid and Paris.



Breaking free from Spanish rule, the newly-formed Dutch Republic was a beacon of religious, economic and intellectual tolerance.  (Such tolerance has continued to this day - when it comes to being gay Amsterdam is probably Europe's most liberal city.) Amsterdam's merchant ships sailed the world, its financiers established the first stock exchange, and its builders created a stunning network of canals, bridges and houses that today makes it such a unique city.  In 2010 Amsterdam’s canal belt became a UNESCO World Heritage Site.



Amsterdam is now the seat of the royal family, although not of government which presides in The Hague, with the resultant royal palaces and state buildings adding to the architectural and cultural mix.



If it is your first trip to Europe, make sure to include Gay Amsterdam on your itinerary. The ‘Venice of the North’ has a character of its own and here you will find something to cater to everyone’s taste – a thriving cultural scene, a rich historic legacy, serious gay partying, charming architecture and friendly people.



Our top sightseeing tips for  Amsterdam


Rijksmuseum – One of the world’s best museums, with a large collection of Dutch masters, including Rembrandt’s Night Watch – don’t forget to visit its gardens.

Anne Frank House – A museum dedicated to the life of the young Jewish girl who kept a diary while hiding from the Nazis during the Second World War -

Amsterdam Museum – With the permanent collection and temporary exhibitions giving you a good picture of the history of Amsterdam.

The Canal Bus – Take a ride through Amsterdam’s canals to visit many attractions, such as the Rijksmuseum and Anne Frank House using its hop-on/hop-off service.

Red Light District/De Wallen – Located south of Central Station and east of Damrak – refrain from taking photos of prostitutes or you may loose your camera.

Amsterdam Tulip Museum.

Rent a bicycle – 50% of Amsterdammers use their bikes daily – or tour Amsterdam by bike.

Architectour – organised tours showing the best in architecture, housing and urban development – contact architectour@kpnmail.nl

Amsterdam’s Flower Market / Bloemenmarkt

Coffee shops – Amsterdam is famous also for its cannabis bars




Shopping

Any self-respecting gay capital needs to offer superb shops - and Gay Amsterdam doesn't disappoint. Nieuwendijk and Haarlemstraat, close to Central Station, offers the finest food stores in town. The Nine Streets, also called De Negen Straatjes, between Leidsegracht and the Raadhuisstraat, crossing the four main canals: Singel, Herengracht, Keizersgracht and Prinsengracht, are a shopper’s paradise. Alternatively, visit the outdoor markets such as Albert Cuyp Markt, Ten Cate Market, Dappermarkt, and Lindengracht. The gay district in Amsterdam also has some fun gay shops - selling sex toys, clothing, DVDs and books.



Getting Around

Like most European capitals, Amsterdam also offers a mixture of travel and discount cards to tourists, called the I amsterdam Card. Driving in Amsterdam is not recommended mainly because you don’t need to and because parking fees are very high (€5 an hour).  Amsterdam is ideal for walking and cycling both of which allow you to immerse yourself in the unique, watery atmosphere of this beautiful city. We recommend you find a gay hotel close to the centre of Amsterdam. Amsterdam is also ideal to get around by . In addition, the Dutch capital has superb : a metro, a tram , bus and boat services. New is , which is a really cool concept with electric cars. Taxis are plentiful although relatively expensive.



Getting There

Situated just 15 km from the Amsterdam  is Schiphol - one of the world’s busiest airports. It is easily accessed from Amsterdam Central Station (15-20 minutes),  inexpensively by bus, or rather expensively by cab. If you are arriving by train, Amsterdam Central Station is located right in the middle of the city. Cabs, buses and trams are available just outside the station. If you are arriving by Bus, the Amstel Station is well connected by train. For visitors arriving by cruise ships, the port is close to the city centre, with easy access to the city centre by tram and cab. If you’re looking for gay hotels Amsterdam, simply click the 'HOTELS ETC' tab above. You’ll see a list of the best gay and gay-friendly hotels in Gay Amsterdam. Or to search using a map,
click here
.



NEXT: Gay Amsterdam >








Gay Amsterdam






Events in Amsterdam




Dance

Dutch National Ballet Season

Amsterdam

09 Sep - 05 Jul, 2018




Dance

European Square Dance Convention

Amsterdam

20 Jul - 22 Jul, 2018





Amsterdam has a reputation for tolerance, reflected in its lax laws on certain drug use, the sex trade and gay nightlife although in all these areas the excesses have been restrained in recent years. In 2001 the Netherlands was the first country in the world to legalise same sex marriage.  The age of consent is 16, although, curiously, 18 for prostitutes!



In the 1980s Gay Amsterdam was undoubtedly the gay capital of Europe with easy sex and soft drugs being a great draw.  Today this status has diminished somewhat as gay scenes in other countries have grown and a slightly more conservative attitude has permeated into the sex and drug industries in Amsterdam.



Nevertheless, Amsterdam is a great place for gay people.  Compact, friendly, and mainly English-speaking the city’s mayor has called it “the gay way to Europe”.  Gay Amsterdam, with its famous red-light district (prostitution is not a crime), saunas, over 30 gay bars, 3 major nightclubs and some of Europe’s largest weekly and monthly gay parties and plenty of gay hotels Amsterdam has a lot to offer to the gay traveller.



There are a number of gay areas in Amsterdam but all are close to each other.  The most well known two gay streets are Regulliersdwarsstraat and the Amstel area with Amsterdam’s main concentration of bars. Warmoesstraat/Zeedijk has a more mature and leather scene, both in the city centre and not too far from each other. The Kerkstraat area is the oldest gay neighbourhood, very friendly and where you will find most of the gay accommodation.



With its 1500 bridges, the city’s canals stage three of the largest and most interesting events.  First there is Queen’s Day on 30 April, which sees Amsterdam packed with straights and gays to celebrate the official birthday of the country’s monarchs. Then on the Saturday of the first full weekend in August there is Gay Pride - an amazing event on land and water.  And finally October sees Leather Pride.  Visiting Amsterdam during these events is highly recommended, as the city shows its most friendly and charming side, welcoming visitors from all over the world.



NEXT: Gay Accommodation in Amsterdam >









Looking for  hotels Gay Amsterdam? Being such a gay-friendly place, it’s really not necessary to stay in an exclusively gay hotel in the city. However, there are a few gay-only hotels and guesthouses in the centre of Amsterdam catering to those who feel like hanging out with other gay travellers.



Pretty much all of the other hotels in Amsterdam are gay-friendly and very gay-aware, but we’d recommend staying as centrally as possible to avoid lengthy trips into the city each day. Places to stay currently  on the Gay Welcome site are listed to the right. Simply tick or untick the criteria at the top to narrow down your search.



If you'd prefer to see these properties as pins on a map of Gay Amsterdam, use the
Gay Welcome interactive map
instead of this page. You'll find the two main gay areas of the city are also marked on the map (one is the leather / bear area, the other the main gay area), so you can easily see which hotels and bed and breakfasts are closest to the action in Amsterdam.



NEXT: Top Amsterdam Links >







Links to the best Gay Amsterdam links

So many Gay Amsterdam destination guides attempt to list the top restaurants, bars, shops, events, and websites for a given town - but their suggestions quickly become out of date, because such information is constantly changing. So instead of trying to list our own suggestions, we've listed the best websites or 'apps' for finding out what's hot in Gay Amsterdam. That way, you get the best information possible. Simply click on any of the logos below to visit any of our recommended sites.






If you’re looking to meet up with some of Amsterdam’s gay residents, we’d recommend
Planet Romeo
, the
Gay Boys Network
,
Gaydar.nl
, or of course, the very popular
Grindr app
.











To find out what to do and see in Amsterdam, the two best websites to visit are
Iamsterdam
, the
Amsterdam Travel Guide
and (for the gay angle)
Gay Amsterdam
.










If you’re looking to see what’s on in Amsterdam, then the
Gay Welcome Events in Amsterdam
section is a great start. For a much wider range of events – try
Gay Amsterdam
and
Iamsterdam
.










The food has improved hugely in Amsterdam, and the city now offers some of the world’s best restaurants. To find out what's best, check out
TimeOut Amsterdam
or
TripAdvisor
.











Amsterdam is a great city for shopping. To find out what to buy where in the city, try
About.com’s Amsterdam Shopping Guide
. Another good listing site is the
I Amsterdam shopping section
.










The best way to find out what’s on  in  gay bars, clubs, saunas and shops is to pick up one of the local gay listings magazines found in gay venues. In Amsterdam – look out for the
Pink Point Guide
and
Gay News
.














OUR FAVOURITE HOTELS

Boutique Hotel Cezanne




South of France, France :
Hotel


GET OUR NEWSLETTER







Subscribe to our weekly‘EUROPEXPOSED’ newsletter and get the latest LGBT travel news for Europe delivered to your inbox each week - everything from hot offers to new hotel openings to upcoming events to the latest swimwear launches.



EUROPE'S  HOT SPOTS

Make the most of your trip - check out what to see and do with our Hot Spot Guides.



CITY SLICKERS












SURF & TURF










UPCOMING EVENTS






Clubbing

She Soho’s New Year’s Eve Party

London

31 Dec - 31 Dec, 2017








Clubbing

BEEFMINCE NYE - The Big Dong!

London

31 Dec - 31 Dec, 2017





TRAVEL NEWS






Holidays

6 LGBT-Friendly Destinations for Your Next…

As with any other community, the gay community has its own ebb and flow of travel…








Politics

Russia: gays fans could face dire consequences

World football governing body FIFA has released a statement warning homosexual football…















ABOUT US:

TRAVELLERS:

HOSTS:

ARTICLES:

HOT SPOTS:



Our Team

Terms & Conditions

Our FaceBook Page

Useful Links

Site Map

Home

Gay Hotels

Hot Spot Guides

LGBT Events

Cruises & Tours


Add YOUR Property

Manage Your Account

GETA

LGBT Media Directory

Contact Us

Articles Home

Gay Cruises

Gay Holidays

Gay Clubbing

Gay Travel

New Hot Spots



Amsterdam

Gran Canaria

Ibiza

London

Mykonos

Sitges





OUR PARTNERS:






