
Gay Atlantis cruises, gay tours, gay holidays Europe













PLEASE SIGN IN (OR REGISTER)






Please sign in - so that you can view your Travel File, your Reviews, your 'Voucher Access' status and to manage your account information.



SIGN IN BELOW:

OR REGISTER HERE >





Email:



*



Password:



*










Forgot your password?
Fill in your email address above, and then
CLICK HERE >



Registering allows you to:




TRAVEL FILE:
Save any Places to Stay you like the look of in your own personal 'Travel Fil'e - so that they are never lost.



ADD REVIEWS:
Write reviews of Places to Stay listed on our website.



SAVE VIA VOUCHERS:
Purchase 'Voucher Access' for only €10 per year. You can then view and print out vouchers worth €100s.












































Home

4093 Hotels
﻿




All hotels

Search ALL our gay, actively-gay friendly and gay-friendly accommodation.



Gay-only places


Europe’s exclusively-gay hotels, guesthouses and B&Bs, all on one easy-to-use map.




Nude hotels


Places that allow nudity around the pool and in their garden.




Great offers


Places offering a discount or offer.






Cool hotels


Our favourite chic and trendy gay and very gay-friendly places to stay.




Mediterranean holiday


Hotels, B&Bs and Guesthouses in southern Europe that offer a pool.




Winter sun


Places in the Canary Islands and southern Israel that can guarantee winter sunbathing.




Ski hotels


The top gay and gay-friendly hotels and B&Bs close to the slopes.




69 Holidays
﻿




All cruises, tours & holidays

An introduction to gay cruises, tours and holidays - from huge Atlantis cruises to more intimate trips.



Gay Tour Operators & Travel Agents

Save time and money, and get a better holiday experience, by booking through a gay tour operator or travel agent.






Gay-only cruises


From big Atlantis cruises to more intimate riverboat cruises.




Gay groups on cruises


Expand your cruising options by joining an organised group on a cruise.




Gay tours


Everything from sightseeing tours of Spain to hiking in Croatia.




Gay holidays


Get your party frock ready for a week or two of sun, sex and sand...




16 Hot Spots
﻿





All 'Hot Spot' guides

Browse our growing catalogue of guides to Europe's favorite cities, beach towns and regions - each giving you great tips on what to do, see and where to eat.





Top cities

Amsterdam
,
Barcelona
,
Berlin
,
London
,
Madrid
,
Paris
,
Prague
,
Stockholm
,
Vienna



Top 'surf & turf'

Gran Canaria
,
Ibiza
,
Mykonos
,
Sitges
, 
South of France
,
Tuscany & Northern Italy




414 Events
﻿




All events

Go to our Events Home Page to view all 414 events in Europe coming up over the next 12 months





Search by category


CHOOSE
Bears
Clubbing
Comedy
Cruises (Gay-groups)
Cruises (Gay-only)
Dance
Exhibits
Fashion
Festivals
Film
Holidays (Gay-only)
Leather & Fetish
Lesbian
Music
Opera
Pageants
Pride
Ski Weeks
Sport
Theatre
Tours (Gay-only)




Search by location


CHOOSE
Adriatic Coast
Amsterdam
Antwerp
Athens
Austrian Alps
Barcelona
Benidorm
Berlin
Birmingham
Brighton
Bristol
Brussels
Budapest
Canary Islands
Cardiff
Cologne
Copenhagen
Düsseldorf
Dalmatian Coast
Dublin
Dubrovnik
Eastern Austria
Eastern Germany
Edinburgh
Florence
Frankfurt
French Alps
Gran Canaria
Greek Islands
Hamburg
Hanover
Helsinki
Ibiza
Istanbul
Latvia
Liverpool
London
Madrid
Majorca & Minorca
Manchester
Marseille
Milan
Montpellier
Munich
Mykonos
Nice
North East France
Northern Italy
Northern Spain
Oslo
Paris
Prague
Reykjavik
Rome
Scotland
Seville
Sitges
South East England
South of France
South West England
Southern Netherlands
Southern Sweden
Stockholm
Stuttgart
Swiss Alps
Tel Aviv
Tuscany
Valencia
Venice
Verona
Vienna
Western Austria
Zurich




Search by month


CHOOSE
Jul 2016
Aug 2016
Sep 2016
Oct 2016
Nov 2016
Dec 2016
Jan 2017
Feb 2017
Mar 2017
Apr 2017
May 2017
Jun 2017




Search by key word





Travel News













Atlantis cruises, smaller gay cruises and gay tours and holidays in Europe












There are a growing number of gay cruises, tours and package holidays organised each year in Europe - including of course the huge gay Atlantis cruises. They're a great way to see the continent with other like-minded people - or just really let your hair down and party. To save you time and hassle, we have  mapped out all of Europe's gay cruises, tours and holidays on the following pages:


Gay-only Cruises >

Gay Groups on Cruises >

Gay Tours >

Gay Holidays >






More about gay Atlantis cruises and other gay cruises, tours and holidays



The gay cruise industry has boomed in recent years - with gay cruise companies such as Atlantis Events now leasing enormous 5,000-passenger super liners to waft gay men from port to port while they dance the night away. The trend started, as with so many gay trends, in the United States. Atlantis and RSVP cruises have grown over the past 10 years or so from a few hundred guests to many thousands, with gay cruises organised all over the world - from Hawaii to Rio to the Mediterranean. Atlantis cruises are organising two huge gay cruises this year in Europe - one from Amsterdam to Barcelona in September, and another from Dubrovnik to Rome at the end of August.



So the number of gay cruises, tours and package-holidays within Europe has grown in recent years - offering gays and lesbians a wide range of options - from active gay biking holidays to gay party cruises to sedate river cruises. The big American cruises with as Atlantis cruises still dominate, bringing in high-spending gays and lesbians from the States looking for the holiday of a lifetime cruising around the Mediterranean or exploring Provence.



Atlantis Events lead the way with the biggest gay cruises - filling enormous ocean liners with literally thousands of gay men. The slick lesbian operator Olivia are equally impressive, with a wide range of lesbian cruises and tours organised throughout Europe each year - from culinary cruises in the Med to leisurely river cruises through France.



But there's more to gay cruises than Atlantis Cruises. Other, smaller cruises are proliferating, offering more intimate experiences in some of Europe's most beautiful regions. Gay river cruises are growing in number, with gay and lesbian cruises organised this year on the River Danube through Hungary, Germany and the Czech Republic, and Rhône river cruises in France - taking their lucky guests through the Burgundy wine region and beautiful Provence.



Then there are the party cruises - such as the La Démence cruise that winds its way through the Greek isles to new gay hot spot Tel Aviv, and of course the Altantis Cruises, which always offer plenty of opportunities to dance the night away. Or the up-market cruises - such as the 'Full Moon' cruises from Lisbon to Barcelona on the absolutely gorgeous Msy Wind Surf. Or Lesbian cruises - organised by the very slick 'Olivia' - who have cruises organised all over Europe this year - in the British Isles, Switzerland and France.



Not all gay cruises in Europe are centered around the Mediterranean. One of the Atlantis cruises runs from Amsterdam to Barcelona - down the Atlantic coasts of France and Spain. There are cruises around Iceland, the British Isles, and Scandinavia. And a very interesting cruise this year within the Black Sea - ending in Istanbul.



Gay only or 'Gay Group'?



It's important to point out that not all gay cruises and gay tours are all-gay. As you'll see from the tabs on our map above, as well as a number of exclusively-gay and lesbian outings such as the Atlantis cruises - there are an equal number of operators organising cruises (and sometimes tours) where a gay group goes on a non-gay cruise. These groups are nearly always 'hosted' by a representative from the tour operator, and include a number of exclusive events and excursions for just your small group. The 'gay group' approach means operators can book you on huge cruise liners without having to fill the thousands of places available. However, how your gay group is treated by the staff and other passengers on board probably varies from cruise to cruise.



Glamour vs Economy



As you investigate further the gay cruises, tours and gay holidays included on this page, you'll realise that some offer very high levels of comfort and luxury (on 5-star sailing yachts or river boats, for example), whereas others are at the cheap & cheerful end. Make sure to read the fine print carefully to avoid any nasty surprises.



Good luck with your search for the gay tour, holiday or cruise that's right for you. If you know of any European gay cruises, tours or holidays that haven't been included here, please
contact us
. We'd like this page to be as comprehensive as possible.



Gay Tours & Holidays



Again, it's the Americans who dominate gay tours in Europe - organising all sorts of adventures - from biking and hiking tours for the very fit - to more traditional bus-based tours of places such as Scandinavia, Iceland, Turkey, Spain and Portugal. Gay Holidays are another growth market - either at resorts such as the Club Med resort in the south of France near Nice, or organised around some big event such as a pride weekend or circuit party. They're a great way to go somewhere that would normally not be gay - and be in a friendly, gay environment.



Even more on
gay cruises >





If you're a tour operator and would like to add a gay cruise, tour or package holiday to this page, please
contact us
. We'd love to hear from you.






EUROPE'S  HOT SPOTS

Make the most of your trip - check out what to see and do with our Hot Spot Guides.



CITY SLICKERS












SURF & TURF
































































ABOUT US:

TRAVELLERS:

HOSTS:

ARTICLES:

HOT SPOTS:



Our Team

Terms & Conditions

Our FaceBook Page

Useful Links

Site Map

Home

Gay Hotels

Hot Spot Guides

LGBT Events

Cruises & Tours


Add YOUR Property

Manage Your Account

GETA

LGBT Media Directory

Contact Us

Articles Home

Gay Cruises

Gay Holidays

Gay Clubbing

Gay Travel

New Hot Spots



Amsterdam

Gran Canaria

Ibiza

London

Mykonos

Sitges





OUR PARTNERS:


























































