
Gay Sitges | Gay Welcome












PLEASE SIGN IN (OR REGISTER)






Please sign in - so that you can view your Travel File, your Reviews, your 'Voucher Access' status and to manage your account information.



SIGN IN BELOW:

OR REGISTER HERE >





Email:



*



Password:



*










Forgot your password?
Fill in your email address above, and then
CLICK HERE >



Registering allows you to:




TRAVEL FILE:
Save any Places to Stay you like the look of in your own personal 'Travel Fil'e - so that they are never lost.



ADD REVIEWS:
Write reviews of Places to Stay listed on our website.



SAVE VIA VOUCHERS:
Purchase 'Voucher Access' for only €10 per year. You can then view and print out vouchers worth €100s.












































Home

4093 Hotels
﻿




All hotels

Search ALL our gay, actively-gay friendly and gay-friendly accommodation.



Gay-only places


Europe’s exclusively-gay hotels, guesthouses and B&Bs, all on one easy-to-use map.




Nude hotels


Places that allow nudity around the pool and in their garden.




Great offers


Places offering a discount or offer.






Cool hotels


Our favourite chic and trendy gay and very gay-friendly places to stay.




Mediterranean holiday


Hotels, B&Bs and Guesthouses in southern Europe that offer a pool.




Winter sun


Places in the Canary Islands and southern Israel that can guarantee winter sunbathing.




Ski hotels


The top gay and gay-friendly hotels and B&Bs close to the slopes.




69 Holidays
﻿




All cruises, tours & holidays

An introduction to gay cruises, tours and holidays - from huge Atlantis cruises to more intimate trips.



Gay Tour Operators & Travel Agents

Save time and money, and get a better holiday experience, by booking through a gay tour operator or travel agent.






Gay-only cruises


From big Atlantis cruises to more intimate riverboat cruises.




Gay groups on cruises


Expand your cruising options by joining an organised group on a cruise.




Gay tours


Everything from sightseeing tours of Spain to hiking in Croatia.




Gay holidays


Get your party frock ready for a week or two of sun, sex and sand...




16 Hot Spots
﻿





All 'Hot Spot' guides

Browse our growing catalogue of guides to Europe's favorite cities, beach towns and regions - each giving you great tips on what to do, see and where to eat.





Top cities

Amsterdam
,
Barcelona
,
Berlin
,
London
,
Madrid
,
Paris
,
Prague
,
Stockholm
,
Vienna



Top 'surf & turf'

Gran Canaria
,
Ibiza
,
Mykonos
,
Sitges
, 
South of France
,
Tuscany & Northern Italy




414 Events
﻿




All events

Go to our Events Home Page to view all 414 events in Europe coming up over the next 12 months





Search by category


CHOOSE
Bears
Clubbing
Comedy
Cruises (Gay-groups)
Cruises (Gay-only)
Dance
Exhibits
Fashion
Festivals
Film
Holidays (Gay-only)
Leather & Fetish
Lesbian
Music
Opera
Pageants
Pride
Ski Weeks
Sport
Theatre
Tours (Gay-only)




Search by location


CHOOSE
Adriatic Coast
Amsterdam
Antwerp
Athens
Austrian Alps
Barcelona
Benidorm
Berlin
Birmingham
Brighton
Bristol
Brussels
Budapest
Canary Islands
Cardiff
Cologne
Copenhagen
Düsseldorf
Dalmatian Coast
Dublin
Dubrovnik
Eastern Austria
Eastern Germany
Edinburgh
Florence
Frankfurt
French Alps
Gran Canaria
Greek Islands
Hamburg
Hanover
Helsinki
Ibiza
Istanbul
Latvia
Liverpool
London
Madrid
Majorca & Minorca
Manchester
Marseille
Milan
Montpellier
Munich
Mykonos
Nice
North East France
Northern Italy
Northern Spain
Oslo
Paris
Prague
Reykjavik
Rome
Scotland
Seville
Sitges
South East England
South of France
South West England
Southern Netherlands
Southern Sweden
Stockholm
Stuttgart
Swiss Alps
Tel Aviv
Tuscany
Valencia
Venice
Verona
Vienna
Western Austria
Zurich




Search by month


CHOOSE
Jul 2016
Aug 2016
Sep 2016
Oct 2016
Nov 2016
Dec 2016
Jan 2017
Feb 2017
Mar 2017
Apr 2017
May 2017
Jun 2017




Search by key word





Travel News












Gay Sitges
























OVERVIEW

GAY LIFE

HOTELS ETC

HOT TIPS






A guide to Gay Sitges

Is Sitges the gayest town in Spain? Quite possibly. It was home to Spain’s first gay disco back in the 80s, and has played host to artists and bohemians from Barcelona (just up the coast) for a century. Miro, Dali and Picasso used to frequent the town, along with Tennessee Williams and Douglas Fairbanks. In fact, the bourgeois of Barcelona have escaped to Sitges for decades – it’s only an hour south of the city, and its big sandy beaches, good restaurants and bars and frequent festivals have always made it the getaway of choice. Because of this, the town benefits from grander, more historic architecture than most of Spain’s ugly concrete seaside towns, and still avoids being overrun by the hoards of lobster-pink English and German package-holiday-families that descend on  Spain’s Costas Brava and del Sol every summer.



That said, despite the gay hotels, bars and clubs, don’t expect Sitges to be exclusively gay. It’s easy to forget that the vast majority of the visitors here are straight – it’s just that the proportion of gay visitors is far higher than other holiday resorts.






Restaurants in Sitges

The quality of restaurants in Sitges is pretty good - and cheaper on the whole than Ibiza or Mykonos. Most offer outdoor ‘al fresco’ dining, which is wonderful when its hot. Quite a few of the restaurants are gay-owned, or heavily-frequented by other gay visitors, so they can sometimes be a good place to meet people. It might be an idea to pop into your restaurant of choice during the day to book a table. And most have their menus on display at the door. Click the 'Hot Tip' tab above to find out more about the best restaurants in Sitges.



Getting there

Sitges is only 1 hour by train from Barcelona. From Barcelona airport, you can catch a train into the central train station, and then change platforms for a train to Sitges. An even easier option is to take the bus directly from the airport to Sitges itself – which only takes 45 minutes. A taxi will set you back about €60.









LIKE THIS PAGE?

Why not share it with your friends...









NEXT: Gay Sitges >










Gay events in Sitges



FUTURE EVENTS WILL APPEAR HERE SOON




Gay Sitges

Sitges is one of the ‘big four’ gay holiday destinations in Europe – along with
Ibiza
,
Mykonos
and
Gran Canaria
. As well as a good handful of gay hotels, B&Bs and guesthouses, there are over 20 gay bars in the town – which is pretty impressive when you consider it’s not the biggest of places (30,000 people normally, 250,000 in summer). There are gay bars for all tastes – including bear and leather bars (click the 'Hot Tips' tab above for the best local magazines and gay websites for Sitges.) Many of the gay visitors find themselves following a daily routine when here. Get up late, eat breakfast, head to the beach from your gay hotel, light lunch, back to the beach, drinks at the Parrot Bar at around 5 or 6, back to the hotel or apartment for a disco nap, up at around 10pm, shower, change, preen, dinner at around 11pm, hit the bars at about midnight – and follow the crowd from one bar to the next (‘the circuit') and on either to the beach to cruise or to a club to dance the night away (the Sunday night foam parties at Trailer are legendary). Then start it all over again.



Gay beaches in Sitges

The main beach in Sitges stretches out in front of the town for a couple of kilometres – with a very pleasant promenade just behind it. It’s only a few minutes’ walk from most of the town’s hotels. The gay portion of the beach is called Platja de la Bossa Rodona, located opposite the modern, four-star Hotel Calipolis. To reach it, turn right once you get to the promenade, and keep walking till you see all the gay boys (and girls). It’s pretty crowded – but then again you’re sure to have plenty to look at. The nude gay beach is called Platja d'Home Mort (“Dead Man’s Beach”) and is about a 45 minute walk west – if you’ve never done it before, just follow any gay men who seem to be walking in that direction. It’s quite a long way to walk – so take some drinks and some decent shoes. Behind the nude beach, on the other side of the railway tracks, is a cruising area in amongst the shrub and trees.









NEXT: Gay Accommodation in Stiges >









There are all sorts of accommodation options in Sitges - from exclusively gay hotels such as the 'Romantic' to up-market resort hotels, small, traditional pensiones and lots of holiday apartments to rent.



If you're looking for gay and gay-friendly hotels in Sitges, then start with the list to the right. Just click on any property that itnerests you. If you'd rather view these properties on a map (to see how close each is to the beach and gay bars) then
click here
to use out Gay Hotels search page.



An increasing number of gay visitors, especially those coming in groups, rent an apartment or holiday villa while in Sitges. It can be a very economical solution – and give you more freedom. Gay apartments and holiday homes for rent are also included in our Gay Welcome accommodation listings to the right and on the
Gay Hotels
search page.



NEXT: Top Sitges Links >







Our top tips for a great holiday in Sitges

Gay bars, clubs & saunas in Sitges



The map below shows the location of Sitges' main gay bars, clubs and saunas. Scroll down to see the names and addresses of each in the table below.








GAY BARS:

1: Bar Azul

(C. de Sant Bonaventura 10. 22:00 – 03:00. Very small music video bar.



2: Locos

Carrer de Sant Bonaventura, 13.  Opens 22:30.



3: Trinity

Carrer de Sant Gaudenci, 7. Opens 19:00.



4: El Piano

Carrer de Sant Bonaventura, 37. 21:00 – 02:30. Mixed music / video bar.



5: Union Bar

Carrer Bonaire, 13. 22:30 – 03:00.



6: DSB - Dark Sitges Bar

Carrer Bonaire, 14. 19:00 – 03:00. The name says it all... ;-)



7: Bear's Bar

C. de Bonaire 17. 22:00 – 03:30. Bear bar with a cruising area.



8: 
                           Privilege

Carrer Bonaire, 24. 22:30 – 03:30. Music bar with small dance floor.



9: La Locacola
Carrer Bonaire, 35. 19:00 – 02:00. Small but perfectly formed.



10: XXL
Carrer Joan Tarrida, 7. 22:00 – 03:30. Popular bar with dancing and cruise area.



11: El Horno
Carrer Joan Tarrida, 6. Open from 6pm. Popular.



11: Ruby’s
Carrer Joan Tarrida, 14. Opens 19:00. Drag show bar with terrace.



12: Parrot's Pub
Plaça de la Indústria, 2. From 17:00. A gay Sitges institution.



13: Central
Plaça de la Indústria, 5. Café during the day - bar with cabaret at night.

14: Mojito & Co
Carrer Joan Tarrida, 20. 18:00 – 03:00. Cocktail bar.



15: 
                           Bar El 7
C. Nou 7.  Daily 22:00 – 02:30. One of the busier bars.



16: Prinz
Carrer Nou, 4. 22:30 – 03:30. Gay music bar with small dance floor.



17: 
                           Bonita Bonita
C. Major 17. Mon, Wed-Sun 16:00 – 02:00. Tapas bar.



18: Comodin
Carrer d'en Tacó, 4.  22:00 – 02:30. Drag shows.



19: Casablanca
Carrer d'en Pau Barrabeig, 5.  20:00 – 02:00. Bears and more mature men.



GAY CLUBS

19: 
                           Trailer
Wed + Sun night from 02:00. Gay dance club with foam nights every Wednesday and Sunday.



20: Organic
C/ Bonaire, 15. 02:30 – 06:00. Gay dance club full of younger men.



GAY SAUNAS

21: Sauna Sitges
Carrer d'Espalter, 11. 16:00 - 07:00. Small sauna.



22: Parrot's Sauna
Carrer Joan Tarrida, 16. 17:00 – 21:00. Small sauna.



GAY CAFES

23: Parrots Terrace
Plaça de la Indústria, 3. Very popular café / bar with terrace





More information on gay Sitges

Below are our recommendations on the best ways to hook up with other holiday makers or locals, find out what's on, discover more things to do and see, and find the best places to eat. Good luck - and have a great holiday in gay Sitges!






Meeting locals and other visitors is pretty easy in Sitges – just hit the bars. For other times of day, we recommend  Chueca.com  for meeting Spanish men, and either Gaydar or the Grindr smartphone app for tourists.









The two main 'official' websites for Sitges's events, museums, galleries and other things to do and see are VisitSitges.com and Turisme d Sitges.









Checkout Gay Welcome’s own Events Calendar for gay-related events in Sitges, or Turismed Sitges for more mainstream events in the town.











The Gay Sitges Guide has a good list of recommended restaurants – narrowing down the list from hundreds to just a handful. Then try TripAdvisor‘s Sitges page for reviews on each.
















OUR FAVOURITE HOTELS

Migjorn Ibiza Suites & Spa




Ibiza, Spain :
Gay-friendly Hotel


GET OUR NEWSLETTER







Subscribe to our weekly‘EUROPEXPOSED’ newsletter and get the latest LGBT travel news for Europe delivered to your inbox each week - everything from hot offers to new hotel openings to upcoming events to the latest swimwear launches.



EUROPE'S  HOT SPOTS

Make the most of your trip - check out what to see and do with our Hot Spot Guides.



CITY SLICKERS












SURF & TURF










UPCOMING EVENTS






Clubbing

Red & Blue NYE

Antwerp

31 Dec - 31 Dec, 2016








Clubbing

BEEFMINCE NYE - The Big Dong!

London

31 Dec - 31 Dec, 2017





TRAVEL NEWS






Holidays

6 LGBT-Friendly Destinations for Your Next…

As with any other community, the gay community has its own ebb and flow of travel…








Politics

Russia: gays fans could face dire consequences

World football governing body FIFA has released a statement warning homosexual football…















ABOUT US:

TRAVELLERS:

HOSTS:

ARTICLES:

HOT SPOTS:



Our Team

Terms & Conditions

Our FaceBook Page

Useful Links

Site Map

Home

Gay Hotels

Hot Spot Guides

LGBT Events

Cruises & Tours


Add YOUR Property

Manage Your Account

GETA

LGBT Media Directory

Contact Us

Articles Home

Gay Cruises

Gay Holidays

Gay Clubbing

Gay Travel

New Hot Spots



Amsterdam

Gran Canaria

Ibiza

London

Mykonos

Sitges





OUR PARTNERS:






