
Gay Gran Canaria | Gay Welcome












PLEASE SIGN IN (OR REGISTER)






Please sign in - so that you can view your Travel File, your Reviews, your 'Voucher Access' status and to manage your account information.



SIGN IN BELOW:

OR REGISTER HERE >





Email:



*



Password:



*










Forgot your password?
Fill in your email address above, and then
CLICK HERE >



Registering allows you to:




TRAVEL FILE:
Save any Places to Stay you like the look of in your own personal 'Travel Fil'e - so that they are never lost.



ADD REVIEWS:
Write reviews of Places to Stay listed on our website.



SAVE VIA VOUCHERS:
Purchase 'Voucher Access' for only €10 per year. You can then view and print out vouchers worth €100s.












































Home

4093 Hotels
﻿




All hotels

Search ALL our gay, actively-gay friendly and gay-friendly accommodation.



Gay-only places


Europe’s exclusively-gay hotels, guesthouses and B&Bs, all on one easy-to-use map.




Nude hotels


Places that allow nudity around the pool and in their garden.




Great offers


Places offering a discount or offer.






Cool hotels


Our favourite chic and trendy gay and very gay-friendly places to stay.




Mediterranean holiday


Hotels, B&Bs and Guesthouses in southern Europe that offer a pool.




Winter sun


Places in the Canary Islands and southern Israel that can guarantee winter sunbathing.




Ski hotels


The top gay and gay-friendly hotels and B&Bs close to the slopes.




69 Holidays
﻿




All cruises, tours & holidays

An introduction to gay cruises, tours and holidays - from huge Atlantis cruises to more intimate trips.



Gay Tour Operators & Travel Agents

Save time and money, and get a better holiday experience, by booking through a gay tour operator or travel agent.






Gay-only cruises


From big Atlantis cruises to more intimate riverboat cruises.




Gay groups on cruises


Expand your cruising options by joining an organised group on a cruise.




Gay tours


Everything from sightseeing tours of Spain to hiking in Croatia.




Gay holidays


Get your party frock ready for a week or two of sun, sex and sand...




16 Hot Spots
﻿





All 'Hot Spot' guides

Browse our growing catalogue of guides to Europe's favorite cities, beach towns and regions - each giving you great tips on what to do, see and where to eat.





Top cities

Amsterdam
,
Barcelona
,
Berlin
,
London
,
Madrid
,
Paris
,
Prague
,
Stockholm
,
Vienna



Top 'surf & turf'

Gran Canaria
,
Ibiza
,
Mykonos
,
Sitges
, 
South of France
,
Tuscany & Northern Italy




414 Events
﻿




All events

Go to our Events Home Page to view all 414 events in Europe coming up over the next 12 months





Search by category


CHOOSE
Bears
Clubbing
Comedy
Cruises (Gay-groups)
Cruises (Gay-only)
Dance
Exhibits
Fashion
Festivals
Film
Holidays (Gay-only)
Leather & Fetish
Lesbian
Music
Opera
Pageants
Pride
Ski Weeks
Sport
Theatre
Tours (Gay-only)




Search by location


CHOOSE
Adriatic Coast
Amsterdam
Antwerp
Athens
Austrian Alps
Barcelona
Benidorm
Berlin
Birmingham
Brighton
Bristol
Brussels
Budapest
Canary Islands
Cardiff
Cologne
Copenhagen
Düsseldorf
Dalmatian Coast
Dublin
Dubrovnik
Eastern Austria
Eastern Germany
Edinburgh
Florence
Frankfurt
French Alps
Gran Canaria
Greek Islands
Hamburg
Hanover
Helsinki
Ibiza
Istanbul
Latvia
Liverpool
London
Madrid
Majorca & Minorca
Manchester
Marseille
Milan
Montpellier
Munich
Mykonos
Nice
North East France
Northern Italy
Northern Spain
Oslo
Paris
Prague
Reykjavik
Rome
Scotland
Seville
Sitges
South East England
South of France
South West England
Southern Netherlands
Southern Sweden
Stockholm
Stuttgart
Swiss Alps
Tel Aviv
Tuscany
Valencia
Venice
Verona
Vienna
Western Austria
Zurich




Search by month


CHOOSE
Jul 2016
Aug 2016
Sep 2016
Oct 2016
Nov 2016
Dec 2016
Jan 2017
Feb 2017
Mar 2017
Apr 2017
May 2017
Jun 2017




Search by key word





Travel News












Gay Gran Canaria
























OVERVIEW

GAY LIFE

HOTELS ETC

HOT TIPS






A guide to Gay Gran Canaria

This little piece of Spain, some 150 km off the West African coast, is a hugely popular holiday destination. Gay Gran Canaria is hot all year round, easy to get to and not expensive. Gran Canaria, with over 800 thousand inhabitants, is the most populous island of the Canary Islands. Conquered by the Spanish in 1483, the Port of Las Palmas served as a stop-over for Christopher Columbus on his first trip to the Americas. Las Palmas and Santa Crus de Tenerife, jointly, are the capital of the autonomous community of the Canary Islands. The islands are believed to have been already populated around 500 BC by north Africans. The archipelago consists of 7 islands: Gran Canaria, Fuerteventura, Lanzarote, Tenerife, La Gomera, La Palma and El Hierro.






Getting to Gran Canaria

Due to being such a popular destination, the island is served by many inexpensive charter flights, low cost airlines and national flag carriers. The airport is well connected to almost every country in Europe, all year around.



If you have time to spare, you might want to try the Spanish ferry company Naviera Armas who offer several routes to Gran Canaria from mainland Spain and from the autonomous city of Melilla on the north coast of Morocco.



Getting Around Gay Gran Canaria

Renting a car is the best way to getting to know the island, however, Gran Canaria has pretty good public transport. The bus company Global offers routes around the island, with inexpensive hourly departures to and from Maspalomas to the airport.



Official taxi services equipped with a taxi meter using official prices approved by the local government are also at your disposal at the airport: Socomtaxi accepts payment by credit cards and Radio Taxi San Juan (+34 928 683 713). Limo services are also available from Canary Forum and Canary Limousine.



With water temperatures that vary from 18C in the winter to 22C the rest of the year, sailing around the island can be an extremely pleasant way to see Gran Canaria from the sea. Several companies offer sea trips – some offering dolphin and whale watching and deep-sea fishing.



To move between islands, use Gran Canaria’s inexpensive ferry services  - Fred Olsen, Trans Mediterranea and Naveira Armas. If you are in a hurry or get sea-sick easily, air services between the islands are offered by Binter and Islas Airways.



Shopping in Gran Canaria

Gran Canaria has two distinctive shopping areas: The Southern Area, located around the many tourist spots of Maspalomas, Playa del Ingles, San Agustin, Puerto Rico and Meloneras. It plays hosts to the infamous Yumbo Centre, located right in the middle of Playa del ingles, which offers the largest concentration of restaurants and shops, particularly for the gay visitor. It’s also close to many of the gay hotels in Gran Canaria. Many consider the Yumbo to be the centre of gay Gran Canaria.



The Northern Area has some of the best shops in the island, located at the historical Triana Street and its surroundings, and if you are looking for a shopping centre, The Mesa y Lopes offers a wide range of department stores and boutiques.



NEXT: Gay Gran Canaria >










Gay events in Gran Canaria



FUTURE EVENTS WILL APPEAR HERE SOON




Gay Gran Canaria

It is quite surprising that Gran Canaria, which can only really be reached by plane, is one of the largest gay destinations in Europe. In fact, it's one of the 'Big 4' - along with Ibiza, Sitges and Mykonos. Particularly loved by Germans and British holiday-makers, gay Gran Canaria attracts gays from all over Europe and increasingly the world. Once in Gran Canaria you will soon understand why the island is so loved by its gay visitors.  It is inexpensive, extremely gay-friendly, has a very diverse gay scene, good gay hotels, fantastic weather, deserted beaches and one of the most convenient deserts you will ever find, just steps from your hotel room, and full of action! It is a combination that doesn't seem to disappoint.



The south of gay Gran Canaria is warmer and sunnier than the north. The two favorite hotspots there are Maspalomas and Playa del Ingles – where most of the gay hotels are located.  The former has miles of beaches and sand dunes that seem to go on forever.  The latter is home to the famous Yumbo Center – a shopping centre during the day and a huge gay entertainment centre at night, with dozens of restaurants, bars, clubs, etc. It caters for almost every gay scene and because it’s all duty free it’s a very cheap destination. It’s one of the many reasons why so many people return again and again to the island.



Both Maspalomas and Playa del Ingles were famous for low budget holidays. Recently, however, with the opening of top five star hotels, it has started to attract the more affluent holiday makers.








NEXT: Gay Accommodation in Gran Canaria >









Looking for gay hotels Gran Canaria? You’ve come to the right website. If you're looking for a gay hotel in Playa del Inglés, then you might want to find somewhere to stay relatively close to the Yumbo Centre – where most of the gay bars are concentrated. It’s marked on the
Gay Welcome accommodation map
, so you can easily see which gay hotels, guesthouses, apartments and bungalows are close.



There are quite a few good 4-star hotels in Play del Inglés – and you will also find quite a few apartments and other holiday homes for rent. In the Maspalomas and Meloneras areas, which have seen the most development in recent years, there are now lots of very good  5 and 4-star hotels. There’s no real gay centre here, so any of these would be fine to stay in. Most of these are very gay-friendly. If you’re staying in Las Palmas, the capital of Gran Canaria, book into one of the larger hotels that look out over the Playa de Las Canteras. Las Palmas is great place for a holiday, with all the restaurants, shopping and nightlife you could want. Don’t forget, however, that most of the gay bars are in Playa del Inglés  45 minutes away by taxi. Click this link to search for
gay hotels in Gran Canaria
using a handly map.



NEXT: Top Gran Canaria Links >








Even more information on gay Gran Canaria

Below are a number of websites and magazines where you'll find even more detailed information on gay Gran Canaria - what to do, where to eat, and how to hook up.






Spain’s Chueca.com is increasingly popular – and is your best bet for hooking up with local Gran Canarians while on the island. Otherwise try Gaydar, Manhunt or Grindr.









The
UXXS Magazine
is your best bet for all the latest local gay events, bars, club nights etc. It’s written in Spanish and English, and is available from most gay shops and bars etc.










The official
Gran Canaria
website is great – with a wealth of information – from what to see and do, restaurants, sports, spas, and information on beaches.









Your best bet for a good overview of the shopping available on Gran Canaria is the
Canary Forum website
. It’s not terribly pretty – but has some good information on it.










Checkout
Gay Welcome’s own Events Calendar
for gay-related events in Gran Canaria.









The
Lonely Planet
website is your best bet for local Gran Canaria restaurants. Cross-reference any you find on the
TripAdvisor
website to see how well they were reviewed.
















OUR FAVOURITE HOTELS

Der Salzburger Hof




Salzburg, Austria :
Gay-friendly Hotel


GET OUR NEWSLETTER







Subscribe to our weekly‘EUROPEXPOSED’ newsletter and get the latest LGBT travel news for Europe delivered to your inbox each week - everything from hot offers to new hotel openings to upcoming events to the latest swimwear launches.



EUROPE'S  HOT SPOTS

Make the most of your trip - check out what to see and do with our Hot Spot Guides.



CITY SLICKERS












SURF & TURF










UPCOMING EVENTS






Clubbing

She Soho’s New Year’s Eve Party

London

31 Dec - 31 Dec, 2017








Clubbing

Red & Blue NYE

Antwerp

31 Dec - 31 Dec, 2016





TRAVEL NEWS






Holidays

6 LGBT-Friendly Destinations for Your Next…

As with any other community, the gay community has its own ebb and flow of travel…








Politics

Russia: gays fans could face dire consequences

World football governing body FIFA has released a statement warning homosexual football…















ABOUT US:

TRAVELLERS:

HOSTS:

ARTICLES:

HOT SPOTS:



Our Team

Terms & Conditions

Our FaceBook Page

Useful Links

Site Map

Home

Gay Hotels

Hot Spot Guides

LGBT Events

Cruises & Tours


Add YOUR Property

Manage Your Account

GETA

LGBT Media Directory

Contact Us

Articles Home

Gay Cruises

Gay Holidays

Gay Clubbing

Gay Travel

New Hot Spots



Amsterdam

Gran Canaria

Ibiza

London

Mykonos

Sitges





OUR PARTNERS:






