Gay Prague | Gay Welcome
PLEASE SIGN IN (OR REGISTER)
Please sign in - so that you can view your Travel File, your Reviews, your 'Voucher Access' status and to manage your account information.
SIGN IN BELOW:
OR REGISTER HERE >
Email:


*
Password:


*


Forgot your password?
Fill in your email address above, and then
CLICK HERE >
Registering allows you to:

TRAVEL FILE:
Save any Places to Stay you like the look of in your own personal 'Travel Fil'e - so that they are never lost.

ADD REVIEWS:
Write reviews of Places to Stay listed on our website.

SAVE VIA VOUCHERS:
Purchase 'Voucher Access' for only €10 per year. You can then view and print out vouchers worth €100s.










Home
4093 Hotels
﻿
All hotels
Search ALL our gay, actively-gay friendly and gay-friendly accommodation.
Gay-only places
Europe’s exclusively-gay hotels, guesthouses and B&Bs, all on one easy-to-use map.

Nude hotels
Places that allow nudity around the pool and in their garden.

Great offers
Places offering a discount or offer.

Cool hotels
Our favourite chic and trendy gay and very gay-friendly places to stay.

Mediterranean holiday
Hotels, B&Bs and Guesthouses in southern Europe that offer a pool.

Winter sun
Places in the Canary Islands and southern Israel that can guarantee winter sunbathing.

Ski hotels
The top gay and gay-friendly hotels and B&Bs close to the slopes.
69 Holidays
﻿
All cruises, tours & holidays
An introduction to gay cruises, tours and holidays - from huge Atlantis cruises to more intimate trips.
Gay Tour Operators & Travel Agents
Save time and money, and get a better holiday experience, by booking through a gay tour operator or travel agent.

Gay-only cruises
From big Atlantis cruises to more intimate riverboat cruises.

Gay groups on cruises
Expand your cruising options by joining an organised group on a cruise.

Gay tours
Everything from sightseeing tours of Spain to hiking in Croatia.

Gay holidays
Get your party frock ready for a week or two of sun, sex and sand...
16 Hot Spots
﻿

All 'Hot Spot' guides
Browse our growing catalogue of guides to Europe's favorite cities, beach towns and regions - each giving you great tips on what to do, see and where to eat.
Top cities
Amsterdam
,
Barcelona
,
Berlin
,
London
,
Madrid
,
Paris
,
Prague
,
Stockholm
,
Vienna
Top 'surf & turf'
Gran Canaria
,
Ibiza
,
Mykonos
,
Sitges
, 
South of France
,
Tuscany & Northern Italy
414 Events
﻿
All events
Go to our Events Home Page to view all 414 events in Europe coming up over the next 12 months
Search by category

CHOOSE
Bears
Clubbing
Comedy
Cruises (Gay-groups)
Cruises (Gay-only)
Dance
Exhibits
Fashion
Festivals
Film
Holidays (Gay-only)
Leather & Fetish
Lesbian
Music
Opera
Pageants
Pride
Ski Weeks
Sport
Theatre
Tours (Gay-only)
Search by location

CHOOSE
Adriatic Coast
Amsterdam
Antwerp
Athens
Austrian Alps
Barcelona
Benidorm
Berlin
Birmingham
Brighton
Bristol
Brussels
Budapest
Canary Islands
Cardiff
Cologne
Copenhagen
Düsseldorf
Dalmatian Coast
Dublin
Dubrovnik
Eastern Austria
Eastern Germany
Edinburgh
Florence
Frankfurt
French Alps
Gran Canaria
Greek Islands
Hamburg
Hanover
Helsinki
Ibiza
Istanbul
Latvia
Liverpool
London
Madrid
Majorca & Minorca
Manchester
Marseille
Milan
Montpellier
Munich
Mykonos
Nice
North East France
Northern Italy
Northern Spain
Oslo
Paris
Prague
Reykjavik
Rome
Scotland
Seville
Sitges
South East England
South of France
South West England
Southern Netherlands
Southern Sweden
Stockholm
Stuttgart
Swiss Alps
Tel Aviv
Tuscany
Valencia
Venice
Verona
Vienna
Western Austria
Zurich
Search by month

CHOOSE
Jul 2016
Aug 2016
Sep 2016
Oct 2016
Nov 2016
Dec 2016
Jan 2017
Feb 2017
Mar 2017
Apr 2017
May 2017
Jun 2017
Search by key word
Travel News
Gay Prague

OVERVIEW
GAY LIFE
HOTELS ETC
HOT TIPS
A guide to Gay Prague

Prague was one of the three imperial capitals of the Austro-Hungarian Empires along with Vienna and Budapest.  After the break-up of that Empire following the First World War it became the capital of the new country of Czechoslovakia.

Occupied by the Germans throughout the Second World War, the City was captured by the Soviet Union in 1945.  In 1968 the Soviets brutally suppressed the Prague Spring uprising but in 1989 the Velvet Revolution swept away the communist regime.

In 1993 the country peacefully split and the playwright and civil right leader Vaclav Havel became President of the newly formed Czech Republic, with Prague as the capital.

Prague is the country’s major tourist destination.  Spared the destruction that befell many other European cities in the war, and preserved by inertia during the Soviet era, the old city is an architectural gem of medieval, baroque and renaissance buildings.

Although relatively small with just 1.5 million inhabitants, today Prague is the sixth most visited tourist city in Europe.  The rare mix of architecture, the manageable scale and the history of this former imperial capital is a magnetic draw.

Our top sightseeing tips for  Prague
Visit the President’s Palace and St Vitus Cathedral at
Prague Castle
Walk amongst the statues of the
Charles Bridge
Marvel at the
Old Town Square
with its Gothic and baroque architecture and its astronomical clock
Walk around the
Jewish Quarter
which includes Europe’s oldest synagogue, built in 1270
Visit the
Petřín Gardens
and the climb up the city’s mini-version of the Eiffel Tower
Discover the gems of baroque palaces and churches scattered throughout the city
See the amazing modern art collections and exhibitions at
Museum Kampa
Stroll around the Royal Garden and the
Summer Palace
Don’t miss this amazing 17th century Italian style villa, the
Troja Château
Take time to explore the 111 acres of
Prague Zoo
, one of the World’s best according to Forbes Magazine

Shopping
There are two quality shopping areas in the centre of Prague:
Na příkopech (street)
Pařížská street (Hermes, Cartier, Dior, etc)
There are some malls which you can find
here >

It is best to shop in some of the centrally located shopping malls where you can always buy some Czech items – like wooden toys, glass or garnet jewelery which is less likely to be fake.  The best are Palladium, My, Černa Ruze, Svetozor, Flora or Andel.

Food
Food in Prague has improved hugely in recent years, and now offers some great restaurants like any European capital. Try to avoid tourist restaurants promoting “real Czech cuisine” to large groups of tourists. For moderate prices and yet great quality of Czech food and beer try the Czech chain “U potrefene husy” (something like 'At Silly Goose'). The chain is run by one large Prague Brewery and there are about 10 of restaurants around Prague.

Getting There
Ruzyně International Airport, is 20 km (12 miles) northwest of the city centre, it generally takes about 30 minutes to reach the city centre by car.

Prague is well connected to European EC train network, however there is no Czech high speed rail, so the maximum train speed is 120–160 km/h (75-99 mph).  All international trains arrive at Praha hlavní nádraží (the central station, abbreviated to Praha hl.n.) which has a connection with Metro Line C.

The main bus station for international buses in Prague is Florenc, in Praha 8 (metro lines B and C). It is located east of the city centre.

Beware of taking taxis from the train and bus stations (see “getting around” below)

Getting Around
Public transport in Prague is relatively cheap – 32 CZK for 90 minutes, with the option of as many interchanges between the means of transport (tram, bus, tube, as well as funicular) you want within this time limit. The basic information (printed) in every single carriage also in English.

METRO (UNDERGROUND TRAINS) >

TRAMS and BUSES >

TAXI: It is best to order a taxi in advance – the hotel, bar or restaurant will do this for you.  If you need to catch one on the street, find a special designated area with the yellow sign “Fair Fare”.  Do not take a cab from the street and especially not at the train and bus stations

NEXT: Gay Prague >
Gay Prague

Events in Prague
FUTURE EVENTS WILL APPEAR HERE SOON
One benefit of the communist regime in the then Czechoslovakia was the relatively liberal attitude to personal morality, as the influence of the Catholic Church was all but eliminated.  Homosexuality became legal for adults over 18 in 1961, some six years before the UK.

Gay life though was not easy in Communist Prague, with one bar and two nightclubs, all managed by members of the secret police.  The authorities kept lists of known gay people for blackmail and political control.

The social liberation following the 1989 revolution was tempered by the growing realisation of AIDS.

Nevertheless, the beginning of the 90s brought a boom in gay entertainment premises. Bars and night clubs appeared and then disappeared frequently. After two decades, the gay scene is now more or less stabilised, though from time to time  a new bar or club emerges.

Following the revolution, gay rights organisations started to push for gay equality in the new Czech Republic.   Homosexuality was declassified from the medical list of diseases in 1993. A law to establish civil partnerships was passed in 2006.

After some less successful attempts in previous years, the first large and really successful gay pride in Prague took place in 2011.

The Czech Republic has a well deserved reputation for producing high quality gay porn and its bars are a good meeting place for 'beautiful young entrepreneurs and older investors'.

NEXT: Gay Accommodation in Prague >
If you’re looking for gay hotels in Prague, you’ve come to the right website. In terms of gay hotels, Prague now offers a growing number of gay-friendly establishments in and around the centre of Prague. A listing of gay hotels, guesthouses and B&Bs in Prague is shown on the right.

However, should you want to search for gay accommodation using a map and more criteria, try our main
Gay Hotels
page. On the map on that page, you'll find Prague’s gay centre and airport are marked making it easier to choose the right area for you to stay in.

NEXT: Top Prague Links >
Links to the best Gay Prague links
So many Gay Prague destination guides attempt to list the top restaurants, bars, shops, events, and websites for a given town - but their suggestions quickly become out of date, because such information is constantly changing. So instead of trying to list our own suggestions, we've listed the best websites or 'apps' for finding out what's hot in Gay Prague. That way, you get the best information possible. Simply click on any of the logos below to visit any of our recommended sites.

If you're looking to meet friendly locals or other visitors, then we'd recommend the apps Grindr and Scruff, as well as more Euro-centric apps such as PlanetRomeo.

For mainstream ideas for to see and do, try the official
WoW Prague site
. For a more gay angle on things, visit
Prague Saints
, for a listing of the best clubs, saunas, bars and shops.

The
GayWelcome Events Calendar
is a good place to start for events in Prague. Then try the
Prague Events Calendar
website.

A great website for finding interesting restaurants is the
Grand Restaurant Guide
. You can also check out
TimeOut Prague
and
TripAdvisor
.

The
My Czech Republic
site has a good listing of the best shopping in the city. Or try
TimeOut's Prague Shopping
page for their recommendations.
OUR FAVOURITE HOTELS
Villa Margarita Mykonos
Mykonos, Greece :
Gay-friendly Holiday rental
GET OUR NEWSLETTER
Subscribe to our weekly‘EUROPEXPOSED’ newsletter and get the latest LGBT travel news for Europe delivered to your inbox each week - everything from hot offers to new hotel openings to upcoming events to the latest swimwear launches.
EUROPE'S  HOT SPOTS
Make the most of your trip - check out what to see and do with our Hot Spot Guides.

CITY SLICKERS

SURF & TURF
UPCOMING EVENTS
Clubbing
BEEFMINCE NYE - The Big Dong!
London
31 Dec - 31 Dec, 2017
Clubbing
She Soho’s New Year’s Eve Party
London
31 Dec - 31 Dec, 2017
TRAVEL NEWS
Holidays
6 LGBT-Friendly Destinations for Your Next…
As with any other community, the gay community has its own ebb and flow of travel…
Politics
Russia: gays fans could face dire consequences
World football governing body FIFA has released a statement warning homosexual football…

ABOUT US:
TRAVELLERS:
HOSTS:
ARTICLES:
HOT SPOTS:
Our Team
Terms & Conditions
Our FaceBook Page
Useful Links
Site Map
Home
Gay Hotels
Hot Spot Guides
LGBT Events
Cruises & Tours
Add YOUR Property
Manage Your Account
GETA
LGBT Media Directory
Contact Us
Articles Home
Gay Cruises
Gay Holidays
Gay Clubbing
Gay Travel
New Hot Spots

Amsterdam
Gran Canaria
Ibiza
London
Mykonos
Sitges

OUR PARTNERS:



