
Gay London | Gay Welcome












PLEASE SIGN IN (OR REGISTER)






Please sign in - so that you can view your Travel File, your Reviews, your 'Voucher Access' status and to manage your account information.



SIGN IN BELOW:

OR REGISTER HERE >





Email:



*



Password:



*










Forgot your password?
Fill in your email address above, and then
CLICK HERE >



Registering allows you to:




TRAVEL FILE:
Save any Places to Stay you like the look of in your own personal 'Travel Fil'e - so that they are never lost.



ADD REVIEWS:
Write reviews of Places to Stay listed on our website.



SAVE VIA VOUCHERS:
Purchase 'Voucher Access' for only €10 per year. You can then view and print out vouchers worth €100s.












































Home

4093 Hotels
﻿




All hotels

Search ALL our gay, actively-gay friendly and gay-friendly accommodation.



Gay-only places


Europe’s exclusively-gay hotels, guesthouses and B&Bs, all on one easy-to-use map.




Nude hotels


Places that allow nudity around the pool and in their garden.




Great offers


Places offering a discount or offer.






Cool hotels


Our favourite chic and trendy gay and very gay-friendly places to stay.




Mediterranean holiday


Hotels, B&Bs and Guesthouses in southern Europe that offer a pool.




Winter sun


Places in the Canary Islands and southern Israel that can guarantee winter sunbathing.




Ski hotels


The top gay and gay-friendly hotels and B&Bs close to the slopes.




69 Holidays
﻿




All cruises, tours & holidays

An introduction to gay cruises, tours and holidays - from huge Atlantis cruises to more intimate trips.



Gay Tour Operators & Travel Agents

Save time and money, and get a better holiday experience, by booking through a gay tour operator or travel agent.






Gay-only cruises


From big Atlantis cruises to more intimate riverboat cruises.




Gay groups on cruises


Expand your cruising options by joining an organised group on a cruise.




Gay tours


Everything from sightseeing tours of Spain to hiking in Croatia.




Gay holidays


Get your party frock ready for a week or two of sun, sex and sand...




16 Hot Spots
﻿





All 'Hot Spot' guides

Browse our growing catalogue of guides to Europe's favorite cities, beach towns and regions - each giving you great tips on what to do, see and where to eat.





Top cities

Amsterdam
,
Barcelona
,
Berlin
,
London
,
Madrid
,
Paris
,
Prague
,
Stockholm
,
Vienna



Top 'surf & turf'

Gran Canaria
,
Ibiza
,
Mykonos
,
Sitges
, 
South of France
,
Tuscany & Northern Italy




414 Events
﻿




All events

Go to our Events Home Page to view all 414 events in Europe coming up over the next 12 months





Search by category


CHOOSE
Bears
Clubbing
Comedy
Cruises (Gay-groups)
Cruises (Gay-only)
Dance
Exhibits
Fashion
Festivals
Film
Holidays (Gay-only)
Leather & Fetish
Lesbian
Music
Opera
Pageants
Pride
Ski Weeks
Sport
Theatre
Tours (Gay-only)




Search by location


CHOOSE
Adriatic Coast
Amsterdam
Antwerp
Athens
Austrian Alps
Barcelona
Benidorm
Berlin
Birmingham
Brighton
Bristol
Brussels
Budapest
Canary Islands
Cardiff
Cologne
Copenhagen
Düsseldorf
Dalmatian Coast
Dublin
Dubrovnik
Eastern Austria
Eastern Germany
Edinburgh
Florence
Frankfurt
French Alps
Gran Canaria
Greek Islands
Hamburg
Hanover
Helsinki
Ibiza
Istanbul
Latvia
Liverpool
London
Madrid
Majorca & Minorca
Manchester
Marseille
Milan
Montpellier
Munich
Mykonos
Nice
North East France
Northern Italy
Northern Spain
Oslo
Paris
Prague
Reykjavik
Rome
Scotland
Seville
Sitges
South East England
South of France
South West England
Southern Netherlands
Southern Sweden
Stockholm
Stuttgart
Swiss Alps
Tel Aviv
Tuscany
Valencia
Venice
Verona
Vienna
Western Austria
Zurich




Search by month


CHOOSE
Jul 2016
Aug 2016
Sep 2016
Oct 2016
Nov 2016
Dec 2016
Jan 2017
Feb 2017
Mar 2017
Apr 2017
May 2017
Jun 2017




Search by key word





Travel News












Gay London






















OVERVIEW

GAY LIFE

HOTELS ETC

HOT TIPS






A guide to Gay London




London is one of the most thriving metropolis is the world. With over 2000 Years of history, it has been influencing the way that both the Western and Eastern cultures interact, particularly in the last 500 years. Once the capital of a vast empire, it ruled in all corners of the world. No wonder London has been attracting a large number of artists, intellectuals and all sorts of prominent people in past and current times. From King Edward II to Oscar Wilde and Elton John, London has been the place of interest of many famous gay people.



More recently, with the decriminalisation of homosexuality in 1967, London has attracted an even larger number of gay people. In the 80’s its gay scene has started to grow, leaving the Earl’s Court area towards Soho. Famous gay discos, such as the Copa have paved the way to larger mega nightclubs such as Heaven, Fridge, GAY and most recently, London has seen the consolidation of the Vauxhall area as London’s number one gay clubbing area, hosting large international clubs such as The Week, Matinee, Hustlaball, SupermartXe, just to name a few.



Again, in terms of gay hotels London doesn’t offer that much that is exclusively gay, even in these gay areas, but you should be able to find excellent gay-friendly hotels and even B&Bs close to the West End and Vauxhall.



Our top sightseeing tips for  London


Promenade Old Compton Street to discover gay shops, restaurants, bars, cafes, etc. (Tottenham Court Road or Leicester Square Tube Stations).

The Tower of London
– over a thousand years of history featuring superb display of the crown jewels (Tower Hill Tube Station). Next to it you will find the famous
Tower Bridge
.

The Houses of Parliament
– If possible book a visit to the mother of all Parliaments. In addition, visit nearby Westminster Abbey (Westminster Tube Station).

After visiting the Houses of Parliament and Westminster Abbey, walk up nearby Whitehall towards Trafalgar Square. On the way you will pass Downing Street (where the Prime Minister resides in 'Number 10'), The Royal Horseguards, The Banqueting House (where King Charles I was beheaded), and eventually reach Trafalgar Square, home to the National Gallery and
The National Portrait Gallery
.

Cross the River Thames from St. Paul’s Cathedral (St. Paul’s Tube Station) over the Millennium Bridge to reach the
Tate Modern Art Gallery
. Continue walking down the river, on the left bank of the River Thames and you will soon reach the Globe Theatre, built approximately on the same site where the old
Globe Theatre
stood, home of the first performances of Shakespeare’s plays.

Just outside London is Britain's answer to Versailles -
Hampton Court
. It's was the spectacular Tudor residence of King Henry VIII. To get there,
take a train
from Waterloo Station.

Visit Windsor Castle, private summer residence of the Queen. Built in the 11th century, it sits in the middle of the very charming town of Windsor. Trains leave from
Paddington
or
Waterloo
Stations).

Buckingham Palace
(Green Park Tube Station) with its famous
Changing of the Guards
should also not be missed.

British Museum
(Tottenham Court Road or Holborn Tube Stations). Famous for its huge collections of Egyptian and Greek antiquities.

Museum of London
(Barbican Tube Station).

The London Eye
- An enormous ferris wheel with individual glass 'pods' - from which you'll enjoy spectacular views of London.


Shopping

London has some of the best shops in the world, caring for all tastes and budgets. For a touch of department store luxury, try the enormous Harrods and Harvey Nichols (featured in ‘AbFab’) in Knightsbridge (Knightsbridge Tube Station). Alternatively, try John Lewis and Selfridges – both located on one of the busiest shopping streets in the world: London’s Oxford Street (Oxford Circus Tube Station). Carnaby Street is nearby, famous in the 1960’s. As is Regent Street, with its slightly more up-market collection of shops. And if your budget allows, wander over to Bond Street, where you’ll find some of the most exclusive shops in the world. King’s Road (Sloane Square Tube Station) in Chelsea is also a great place to shop, and the perfect place to see and to be seen. London also offers visitors some famous street markets such as Portobello Market  (Notting Hill Gate Tube Station). Greenwich Market (DLR, Docklands Light Railway, direct to Cutty Sark Station) and Camden Market.



Getting Around

London has an excellent network of buses and and underground railway – ‘The Tube’ – perfect for getting to and from your gay hotel London!. You can buy Day Travelcards, weekly and monthly cards – called Oyster Cards that are valid for buses and underground trains. Black Cabs (official taxies) are usually easy to get. After leaving nightclubs, Mini Cabs (unofficial taxis) are usually organised by the club promoters outside the clubs. You’ll find useful information about Mini Cabs here. Alternatively, you may wish to hire one the famous ‘Boris Bikes’ that are available throughout central London.



Getting There

Getting to London could not be easier. Having said that avoid driving. Even after the introduction of the ‘Congestion Charge’, London still has very busy streets and parking is difficult and expensive. London is served by 4 major airports: Heathrow, Gatwick, Stansted, and Luton as well as one smaller airport, London City Airport. All of them have bus and train connections to central London. If you are coming from Paris or Brussels, you might find it easier to travel by Eurostar ‘bullet train’ arriving at the newly refurbished St. Pancras Station. To find gay-only, actively gay-friendly and other gay-friendly hotels in London,
click here
.



NEXT: Gay London >







Gay London






Events in London




Clubbing

BEEFMINCE NYE - The Big Dong!

London

31 Dec - 31 Dec, 2017




Clubbing

She Soho’s New Year’s Eve Party

London

31 Dec - 31 Dec, 2017




Festivals

RAHM - The Global LGBTI Leadership Contest & Community

London

05 Jul - 06 Jul, 2018





London’s gay scene is concentrated in three main areas of the city – Soho, Vauxhall and Earls Court.



Recently, Vauxhall (on the south west side of the River Thames) has developed as a hot night club spot, catering for a wide range of clienteles, from leather to bear. Its clubs include Beyond, Fire, The Hoist, and Mega Woof!, and the area sports some great gay bars – such as Barcode and The Royal Vauxhall Tavern. As for gay hotels London doesn’t offer many that are exclusively gay in these areas.



In Soho (in the centre of London’s ‘West End’), the area around Old Compton Street (Tottenham Court Road and Leicester Square Tube Stations) has matured over the past three decades to become the most important gay area in London, teeming with gay clothes shops, restaurants, cafés, sex-shops, bars and even a few night clubs. After working hours and on weekends, particularly when the weather is good, there’s nothing better than promenading down Old Compton Street, with its restaurants and cafés packed and overflowing on the street.



Earls Court (in the West of London) had its heyday in the 80′s, but has steadily declined. It does still offer a few bars and shops, but it’s now mostly a residential area. The best way to get the latest on what’s happening in Gay London is to pick up a free copy of either QX or Boyz magazine, available in most gay shops, bars and nightclubs.



NEXT: Gay Accommodation in London >









In terms of gay hotels London, like most other big cities in Europe, is low on gay-only accommodation. However, although few are exclusively gay, London has some of the best and most famous hotels in the world, most of which are gay-friendly.



Staying in central London, particularly in and around Soho, will make it easier for you to discover gay London and will give you easy access by bus or by tube to all of London’s famous landmarks. For more information about London please visit
Visit London
.


NEXT: Top London Links >







The best Gay London links

Most 'Gay London' destination guides try to give you the top restaurants, bars, shops, events, and websites for London - but their suggestions quickly become out of date because the information is constantly changing. So instead of trying to list our own suggestions, we've listed the best websites or 'apps' for finding out what's hot in Gay London. That way, you get the best information possible. Simply click on any of the logos below to visit any of our recommended sites.






Different websites are big in different countries in Europe. London’s two favourite ‘hook-up’ sites are
Gaydar
, Manhunt and Grindr.










The
Visit London
website offers a very comprehensive guide to all that London has to offer – from tourist attractions to local events. Also try the
Visit Britain
site and the
Visit Gay London site
.









Our London Gay Events page lists the best gay and gay-friendly events in the city. For a broader list, try TimeOut London.










London is now home to some of the world’s best restaurants – as well as Europe’s best Asian cuisine. To find the best restaurants try
Zagat
,
TripAdvisor
and
TimeOut
.










London is Europe’s retail capital – with superb department stores such as Harrods, Harvey Nick's and John Lewis. Our best bets for  shopping are
Visit London
and
TimeOut
.









London’s best two magazines are
Boyz
and
QX
– which you’ll be able to pick up for free in most of the city’s gay bars and saunas.













OUR FAVOURITE HOTELS

La Villa Cannes Croisette




South of France, France :
Hotel


GET OUR NEWSLETTER







Subscribe to our weekly‘EUROPEXPOSED’ newsletter and get the latest LGBT travel news for Europe delivered to your inbox each week - everything from hot offers to new hotel openings to upcoming events to the latest swimwear launches.



EUROPE'S  HOT SPOTS

Make the most of your trip - check out what to see and do with our Hot Spot Guides.



CITY SLICKERS












SURF & TURF










UPCOMING EVENTS






Clubbing

BEEFMINCE NYE - The Big Dong!

London

31 Dec - 31 Dec, 2017








Clubbing

Red & Blue NYE

Antwerp

31 Dec - 31 Dec, 2016





TRAVEL NEWS






Holidays

6 LGBT-Friendly Destinations for Your Next…

As with any other community, the gay community has its own ebb and flow of travel…








Politics

Russia: gays fans could face dire consequences

World football governing body FIFA has released a statement warning homosexual football…















ABOUT US:

TRAVELLERS:

HOSTS:

ARTICLES:

HOT SPOTS:



Our Team

Terms & Conditions

Our FaceBook Page

Useful Links

Site Map

Home

Gay Hotels

Hot Spot Guides

LGBT Events

Cruises & Tours


Add YOUR Property

Manage Your Account

GETA

LGBT Media Directory

Contact Us

Articles Home

Gay Cruises

Gay Holidays

Gay Clubbing

Gay Travel

New Hot Spots



Amsterdam

Gran Canaria

Ibiza

London

Mykonos

Sitges





OUR PARTNERS:






