Gay Ibiza | Gay Welcome
PLEASE SIGN IN (OR REGISTER)
Please sign in - so that you can view your Travel File, your Reviews, your 'Voucher Access' status and to manage your account information.
SIGN IN BELOW:
OR REGISTER HERE >
Email:


*
Password:


*


Forgot your password?
Fill in your email address above, and then
CLICK HERE >
Registering allows you to:

TRAVEL FILE:
Save any Places to Stay you like the look of in your own personal 'Travel Fil'e - so that they are never lost.

ADD REVIEWS:
Write reviews of Places to Stay listed on our website.

SAVE VIA VOUCHERS:
Purchase 'Voucher Access' for only €10 per year. You can then view and print out vouchers worth €100s.










Home
4093 Hotels
﻿
All hotels
Search ALL our gay, actively-gay friendly and gay-friendly accommodation.
Gay-only places
Europe’s exclusively-gay hotels, guesthouses and B&Bs, all on one easy-to-use map.

Nude hotels
Places that allow nudity around the pool and in their garden.

Great offers
Places offering a discount or offer.

Cool hotels
Our favourite chic and trendy gay and very gay-friendly places to stay.

Mediterranean holiday
Hotels, B&Bs and Guesthouses in southern Europe that offer a pool.

Winter sun
Places in the Canary Islands and southern Israel that can guarantee winter sunbathing.

Ski hotels
The top gay and gay-friendly hotels and B&Bs close to the slopes.
69 Holidays
﻿
All cruises, tours & holidays
An introduction to gay cruises, tours and holidays - from huge Atlantis cruises to more intimate trips.
Gay Tour Operators & Travel Agents
Save time and money, and get a better holiday experience, by booking through a gay tour operator or travel agent.

Gay-only cruises
From big Atlantis cruises to more intimate riverboat cruises.

Gay groups on cruises
Expand your cruising options by joining an organised group on a cruise.

Gay tours
Everything from sightseeing tours of Spain to hiking in Croatia.

Gay holidays
Get your party frock ready for a week or two of sun, sex and sand...
16 Hot Spots
﻿

All 'Hot Spot' guides
Browse our growing catalogue of guides to Europe's favorite cities, beach towns and regions - each giving you great tips on what to do, see and where to eat.
Top cities
Amsterdam
,
Barcelona
,
Berlin
,
London
,
Madrid
,
Paris
,
Prague
,
Stockholm
,
Vienna
Top 'surf & turf'
Gran Canaria
,
Ibiza
,
Mykonos
,
Sitges
, 
South of France
,
Tuscany & Northern Italy
414 Events
﻿
All events
Go to our Events Home Page to view all 414 events in Europe coming up over the next 12 months
Search by category

CHOOSE
Bears
Clubbing
Comedy
Cruises (Gay-groups)
Cruises (Gay-only)
Dance
Exhibits
Fashion
Festivals
Film
Holidays (Gay-only)
Leather & Fetish
Lesbian
Music
Opera
Pageants
Pride
Ski Weeks
Sport
Theatre
Tours (Gay-only)
Search by location

CHOOSE
Adriatic Coast
Amsterdam
Antwerp
Athens
Austrian Alps
Barcelona
Benidorm
Berlin
Birmingham
Brighton
Bristol
Brussels
Budapest
Canary Islands
Cardiff
Cologne
Copenhagen
Düsseldorf
Dalmatian Coast
Dublin
Dubrovnik
Eastern Austria
Eastern Germany
Edinburgh
Florence
Frankfurt
French Alps
Gran Canaria
Greek Islands
Hamburg
Hanover
Helsinki
Ibiza
Istanbul
Latvia
Liverpool
London
Madrid
Majorca & Minorca
Manchester
Marseille
Milan
Montpellier
Munich
Mykonos
Nice
North East France
Northern Italy
Northern Spain
Oslo
Paris
Prague
Reykjavik
Rome
Scotland
Seville
Sitges
South East England
South of France
South West England
Southern Netherlands
Southern Sweden
Stockholm
Stuttgart
Swiss Alps
Tel Aviv
Tuscany
Valencia
Venice
Verona
Vienna
Western Austria
Zurich
Search by month

CHOOSE
Jul 2016
Aug 2016
Sep 2016
Oct 2016
Nov 2016
Dec 2016
Jan 2017
Feb 2017
Mar 2017
Apr 2017
May 2017
Jun 2017
Search by key word
Travel News
Gay Ibiza

OVERVIEW
GAY LIFE
HOTELS ETC
HOT TIPS
A guide to Gay Ibiza
Ibiza and Formentera (Ibiza’s small sister island) were named the ‘Islas Pitiusas’ by the Greeks (Islands of Pine Trees). Gay Ibiza didn't start out that gay, of course. The island of Ibiza became a bit of a hippy paradise in the 60s – until it was discovered by tourists, who started to come here in droves from the 70s onwards. Today, all sorts of people flock here – from gays and lesbians to millionaires on smart yachts, teens looking to get laid, nudists, clubbers, and package tour families. Gay Ibiza now reigns as Europe's gay clubbing and party paradise, with lots of gay bars, clubs and of course beaches on which to recover from the night before.

The island of Ibiza doesn’t get much rainfall, and so is mostly harsh and rocky. As well as pines, you’ll find figs, almonds and olives here – with heavy wooded areas on the northern side of the island.


Gay Ibiza - one of Europe's 'Big 4'
Ibiza, Sitges, Gran Canaria and Mykonos are the ‘Big 4’ gay summer resorts in Europe – and thousands of gay visitors flock to each to soak up the sun by day, and hit the bars and clubs by night. Of the four, gay Ibiza is the most glamorous and buzzy – and has a reputation for being Spain and Europe’s nightclub capital – with huge nightclubs such as the Ministry of Sound playing host to thousands of revellers each night.

Ibiza Town
Towering above Ibiza Town (the main town on the island) is the magnificent battlements of D’alt Vila – which contains most of the island’s historic sites, including an impressive 13th century Catalan-styled cathedral. In 1999, it won UNESCO World Heritage Status – due to its being one of the best-preserved examples of a European fortress. The walls rise to over 30 metres in height, and were built to keep the island protected from marauding Moors and Turks in the age of pirates. Today, the walls are spot-lit spectacularly, and provide a gorgeous backdrop to the town. They also become quite cruisy at night. Although there are some gay bars in Ibiza Town itself, the more gay area of the town is  'Ses Figueretes', which is to the south of Ibiza town (walkable). This is where you'll find a greater concentration of gays and gay bars.

Away from Ibiza Town
Although most gay and lesbian tourists end up in Ibiza Town, there are other nice areas on the island to stay or visit.

Talamanca, just a mile north of Ibiza, offers peace and quiet and a sandy beach. There are a few hotels here, and most are very gay-friendly. The crowd here is a little more international, who come here for the tranquility, good restaurants and to escape the mayhem of Ibiza town.

In the centre of gay Ibiza island is Sant Rafel, and up-market village that boasts some very good restaurants. Smack in the center of the island, surrounded by some of the most fertile land in Ibiza, the prosperous village of Sant Rafel is equidistant from Sant Antoni (with its hoards of straight youngsters)  and the classy nightlife in Ibiza. San Rafel is also over-endowed with fine restaurants. For a simpler feast, there are no-nonsense Spanish grilled meats and seafood treats available. Because Ibiza is just twelve miles wide, you’re never more than a few minutes drive from the beach and it’s simple to get anywhere from Sant Rafel either down to Cala Jondal or Salinas on the south coast, or even up to the deserted coves (like Cala d’En Serra) of the far northeast of the island.

Close to the more gay Ibiza Town is Formentera – Ibiza’s super-relaxed sister-island. The numbers of tourists here are restricted, as the authorities are concerned about preserving the island’s environment. Getting around is best by bicycle – and it’s small enough for you to easily reach the many pretty (and nude) beaches, fortified churches, pirate watch towers and the few bars and restaurants on offer. If you’re looking for gay hotels Ibiza doesn’t offer many in this area – but the Es Pujols resort is quite nice and very gay-friendly.

Getting there
Ibiza is pretty easy to get to. Low-cost carriers fly there from cities across Europe. You could, of course, take a ferry from Barcelona or other Spanish cities on the east coast - it's quite fun, but slow and expensive.

NEXT: Gay Ibiza >
Gay events in Ibiza
FUTURE EVENTS WILL APPEAR HERE SOON
Gay Ibiza
Ibiza is a party town – and as always, it’s the gay travelers who inject a strong dose of glamour, style and decadence to the proceedings. On a balmy summer night, gorgeous drag queens, go-go boys and near-naked acrobats on stilts make their way through the crowds distributing leaflets to the latest night clubs. The 'gay quarter' is called Ses Figueretes, which is on the southern end of the town and  which you can walk to from the centre. There are plenty of gay bars – so if you’re staying in one of the town’s many gay bed and breakfasts, guesthouses or gay hotels, you can walk to the bars and restaurants easily, and then stumble home again without having to worry about hire cars or taxis. Some of the nightclubs in gay Ibiza, however, are located further afield. Although, again, there are a few gay clubs in the town itself.

Gay beaches in Ibiza
There are just under 80 beaches on Ibiza – many of which have become over-run by tourist developments. They encircle most of the island - except for the northern part which is too rocky for beaches. There are, however, plenty of wild, tranquil beaches left to discover – and most offer the opportunity to swim and sunbath in the nude.

When it comes to beaches that are gay Ibiza doesn't disappoint. Talamanca beach, Salinas beach, El Chiringay are the well known gay beaches. If your gay hotel, bed and breakfast or guesthouse is in Ibiza Town, you can get here relatively easily by bus. It offers nude bathing and a gay restaurant / bar just behind the beach.



NEXT: Gay Accommodation in Ibiza >
When it comes to gay hotels Ibiza is one of Europe’s top ‘gay hotspots’ – and so offers plenty of excellent gay-only and gay-friendly hotels, guesthouses, and bed and breakfasts. You’ll also find a lot of holiday apartments and holiday homes for rent on the island.

If you’re looking for gay-only or gay-friendly accommodation on Ibiza, it’s important to choose the right location. San Antonio, favoured mostly by young heteros from the UK is the place to avoid – unless you enjoy fish & chips, vomit and gangs of drunken youths out on the pull.

Far more gay Ibiza town, on the other hand, is a world away from San Antonio – glamorous, beautiful, historic, with plenty of lovely restaurants, a gorgeous port, and a good sprinkling of the rich and famous. Ibiza town is where most gay travelers end up – so if you’re looking for gay hotels Ibiza town is the place to start.

For those of you looking for a quieter holiday, the north of the Island is quiet and rugged, offering easy access to beautiful beaches. You may be better off renting a holiday apartment of holiday property here – as there aren’t many gay hotels, guesthouses or B&Bs.

In terms of the gay accommodation offered within Ibiza Town itself, many gay tourists choose to stay in the Figurestas neighbourhood, which is a little quieter than the centre of Ibiza Town – but which also offers good bars and restaurants. You’ll find quite a few gay-only hotels in Ibiza and exclusively gay guesthouses in this area. Some, however, are a little tired and in need of renovation – so choose carefully. Alternatively, there are a lot of gay-friendly hotels in Ibiza (such as the multi-storey Don Quijote), which are larger and so offer more facilities. You’ll find budget gay B&Bs too, and a number of self-catering apartments that offer even greater flexibility and privacy. Gay travellers often choose to stay in one of the islands beach resorts (such as 4-star Los Molinos). Although not exclusively gay, they are certainly used to the many gay guests who stay, and offer easy access to the beach. Most also come with their own pools and restaurants and bars.

NEXT: Top Ibiza Links >
More information on gay Ibiza
Below are our favourites in terms of other websites and magazines to use to get the very latest information on what to do, where to eat and drink, and how to 'hook up' in gay Ibiza.

Meeting locals and other visitors is pretty easy in Ibiza – just hit the bars. For other times of day, try  Chueca.com  for meeting Spanish, and either Gaydar or  Grindr   for tourists.

We recommend going straight to the official Ibiza Tourism website for information on what to do, and where to eat and drink.

Checkout Gay Welcome’s own Events Calendar for gay-related events in Ibiza.

Head straight for TripAdvisor for advice on restaurants - as other websites don't offer the same sort of coverage or quality reviews.

OUR FAVOURITE HOTELS
Villa Ottilia B&B;
Southern Italy, Italy :
Bed & Breakfast
,  €60 - €80 / night per night
GET OUR NEWSLETTER
Subscribe to our weekly‘EUROPEXPOSED’ newsletter and get the latest LGBT travel news for Europe delivered to your inbox each week - everything from hot offers to new hotel openings to upcoming events to the latest swimwear launches.
EUROPE'S  HOT SPOTS
Make the most of your trip - check out what to see and do with our Hot Spot Guides.

CITY SLICKERS

SURF & TURF
UPCOMING EVENTS
Clubbing
She Soho’s New Year’s Eve Party
London
31 Dec - 31 Dec, 2017
Clubbing
Red & Blue NYE
Antwerp
31 Dec - 31 Dec, 2016
TRAVEL NEWS
Holidays
6 LGBT-Friendly Destinations for Your Next…
As with any other community, the gay community has its own ebb and flow of travel…
Politics
Russia: gays fans could face dire consequences
World football governing body FIFA has released a statement warning homosexual football…

ABOUT US:
TRAVELLERS:
HOSTS:
ARTICLES:
HOT SPOTS:
Our Team
Terms & Conditions
Our FaceBook Page
Useful Links
Site Map
Home
Gay Hotels
Hot Spot Guides
LGBT Events
Cruises & Tours
Add YOUR Property
Manage Your Account
GETA
LGBT Media Directory
Contact Us
Articles Home
Gay Cruises
Gay Holidays
Gay Clubbing
Gay Travel
New Hot Spots

Amsterdam
Gran Canaria
Ibiza
London
Mykonos
Sitges

OUR PARTNERS:



