
Gay Madrid | Gay Welcome












PLEASE SIGN IN (OR REGISTER)






Please sign in - so that you can view your Travel File, your Reviews, your 'Voucher Access' status and to manage your account information.



SIGN IN BELOW:

OR REGISTER HERE >





Email:



*



Password:



*










Forgot your password?
Fill in your email address above, and then
CLICK HERE >



Registering allows you to:




TRAVEL FILE:
Save any Places to Stay you like the look of in your own personal 'Travel Fil'e - so that they are never lost.



ADD REVIEWS:
Write reviews of Places to Stay listed on our website.



SAVE VIA VOUCHERS:
Purchase 'Voucher Access' for only €10 per year. You can then view and print out vouchers worth €100s.












































Home

4093 Hotels
﻿




All hotels

Search ALL our gay, actively-gay friendly and gay-friendly accommodation.



Gay-only places


Europe’s exclusively-gay hotels, guesthouses and B&Bs, all on one easy-to-use map.




Nude hotels


Places that allow nudity around the pool and in their garden.




Great offers


Places offering a discount or offer.






Cool hotels


Our favourite chic and trendy gay and very gay-friendly places to stay.




Mediterranean holiday


Hotels, B&Bs and Guesthouses in southern Europe that offer a pool.




Winter sun


Places in the Canary Islands and southern Israel that can guarantee winter sunbathing.




Ski hotels


The top gay and gay-friendly hotels and B&Bs close to the slopes.




69 Holidays
﻿




All cruises, tours & holidays

An introduction to gay cruises, tours and holidays - from huge Atlantis cruises to more intimate trips.



Gay Tour Operators & Travel Agents

Save time and money, and get a better holiday experience, by booking through a gay tour operator or travel agent.






Gay-only cruises


From big Atlantis cruises to more intimate riverboat cruises.




Gay groups on cruises


Expand your cruising options by joining an organised group on a cruise.




Gay tours


Everything from sightseeing tours of Spain to hiking in Croatia.




Gay holidays


Get your party frock ready for a week or two of sun, sex and sand...




16 Hot Spots
﻿





All 'Hot Spot' guides

Browse our growing catalogue of guides to Europe's favorite cities, beach towns and regions - each giving you great tips on what to do, see and where to eat.





Top cities

Amsterdam
,
Barcelona
,
Berlin
,
London
,
Madrid
,
Paris
,
Prague
,
Stockholm
,
Vienna



Top 'surf & turf'

Gran Canaria
,
Ibiza
,
Mykonos
,
Sitges
, 
South of France
,
Tuscany & Northern Italy




414 Events
﻿




All events

Go to our Events Home Page to view all 414 events in Europe coming up over the next 12 months





Search by category


CHOOSE
Bears
Clubbing
Comedy
Cruises (Gay-groups)
Cruises (Gay-only)
Dance
Exhibits
Fashion
Festivals
Film
Holidays (Gay-only)
Leather & Fetish
Lesbian
Music
Opera
Pageants
Pride
Ski Weeks
Sport
Theatre
Tours (Gay-only)




Search by location


CHOOSE
Adriatic Coast
Amsterdam
Antwerp
Athens
Austrian Alps
Barcelona
Benidorm
Berlin
Birmingham
Brighton
Bristol
Brussels
Budapest
Canary Islands
Cardiff
Cologne
Copenhagen
Düsseldorf
Dalmatian Coast
Dublin
Dubrovnik
Eastern Austria
Eastern Germany
Edinburgh
Florence
Frankfurt
French Alps
Gran Canaria
Greek Islands
Hamburg
Hanover
Helsinki
Ibiza
Istanbul
Latvia
Liverpool
London
Madrid
Majorca & Minorca
Manchester
Marseille
Milan
Montpellier
Munich
Mykonos
Nice
North East France
Northern Italy
Northern Spain
Oslo
Paris
Prague
Reykjavik
Rome
Scotland
Seville
Sitges
South East England
South of France
South West England
Southern Netherlands
Southern Sweden
Stockholm
Stuttgart
Swiss Alps
Tel Aviv
Tuscany
Valencia
Venice
Verona
Vienna
Western Austria
Zurich




Search by month


CHOOSE
Jul 2016
Aug 2016
Sep 2016
Oct 2016
Nov 2016
Dec 2016
Jan 2017
Feb 2017
Mar 2017
Apr 2017
May 2017
Jun 2017




Search by key word





Travel News












Gay Madrid
























OVERVIEW

GAY LIFE

HOTELS ETC

HOT TIPS






A guide to Gay Madrid




What Madrid lacks in landmarks it makes up for with fun.  The Spanish capital is a charming, elegant city with wonderful palaces and squares but no outstanding world landmarks to match Big Ben or the Eiffel Tower.  But it does have amazing nightlife, great museums and galleries, a thriving gay scene and sunshine galore.



The great thing about Madrid is that the centre is compact.  You can easily walk from one attraction to another taking in the architecture, the culture and the bustle of a busy capital city without wearing yourself out.



And you will need your strength because the nightlife starts late and goes on till dawn.  Spanish people seem to eat dinner when most others would be thinking of bed.  And the bars and clubs only get busy when, in most other countries, they would be closing down for the night.



Madrid is dominated by its royal history with money from its former overseas empire spent on palaces, cathedrals and public buildings that provide its grandeur.  It has world-class art galleries and museums, beautiful parks and a mix of big modern shopping streets, like the Grand Via and warren-like backstreet blocks like the gay district at Chueca.



Cut off from much of the world during Franco’s dictatorship, the city has flourished into a truly liberal city and a great place to visit.



Our top sightseeing tips for  Madrid


Prado Museum
- One of Europe’s most important museums, it hosts one of the world’s finest collections.


Madrid Royal Palace
- A majestic palace located in the centre of Madrid with magnificent views and impressive architecture. It offers free and guided tours.


Mercado de San Miguel
- Built in 1913, Madrid’s most important food market is worth a visit even if you’re not planning on shopping.


Puerta del Sol
- Not far from Plaza Mayor, Puerta del Sol is Madrid’s most famous square.


Plaza Mayor
- One of Madrid’s most beautiful squares, hosting shops, restaurants and cafes.


Plaza de la Villa
- Historical square with architectural gems from the 15th, 16th and 17th century.


The Debod Temple
- You will be surprised to find an authentic Egyptian temple from the second century BC in the middle of Madrid.


Catedral de la Almudena
- A huge cathedral by the Royal Palace.


Chueca
- Square and underground station located in the middle of Gay Madrid.


Flamenco, Madrid Flamenco Shows
- Do not miss one of Spain’s dance legacy. Here are some of the best dance venues: Cafe de Chinitas, Las Tablas, Corral de la Moreria, Tablao Flamenco Cardamomo.




Shopping

The Chueca, Fuencarral Street and Sol-Salamanca areas are the most important shopping areas in Madrid. Spain’s largest department store,
El Corte Ingles
is found in many locations throughout the capital. The
Fuencarral Market
is also an interesting and central option. The Gran Via has much to offer as well, but for the gay tourist the
Chueca
area may prove the most appealing.



Getting There

Madrid
Barajas Airport
is one of the largest in Europe, and is conveniently connected to the city centre either by train (line C1 Cercanias
Commuter Train
) or by
Metro
(line 8, pink. In addition, an inexpensive
express bus service
runs 24 hrs a day.



If you are arriving by train, you will arrive at one of Madrid’s two train stations: Chamartin or Atocha. Both have excellent connections with either the Metro or Cercanias. Modern high-speed trains connect Madrid to Barcelona (2,4hrs), Seville (2,2hrs), and Malaga (2,30hrs), as well as other European capitals such as Lisbon and Paris.



Most international
buses
arrive at Estacion Sur de Autobuses, one of eight bus terminals in Madrid. Bus arrivals from Bilbao and Barcelona come in at Avenida de Americas bus terminal. All these stations are accessible by Metro.



Getting Around

Your best tip is to use the
MadridCard
that will give you access to a wide range of cultural and leisure activities, such as museums, monuments, palaces, etc – via the use of public transport. The
Underground
(Metro) is safe and efficient as well as
buses
. You may find cabs difficult to hire at late hours on weekends and, unlike other European cities, there are fewer taxi stands.



NEXT: Gay Madrid >








Gay Madrid






Events in Madrid




Bears

Mad.Bear Week

Madrid

04 Dec - 11 Dec, 2017





The Spanish capital has become one of the top gay destinations of the world. Its liberal and open-minded spirit reflects on its gay pride which was voted  the best in the world by Logo/MTV.  Over 2 million people take part as the parade makes its way through the city’s majestic avenues.  At night the gay district of Chueca is packed with revelers with performers on stages in every one of its squares.

Throughout the year Madrid has a large gay scene, located mostly at the Chueca area and most recently at Lavapies and Latina neighbourhoods.  If you’re looking for gay hotel Madrid, then this is probably the area you’ll want to be closest to. The city has loads of gay saunas, bars and clubs, many with backrooms but watch your wallet.



NEXT: Gay Accommodation in Madrid >










Looking for gay hotels Madrid? Well you’ve come to the right website. Like many city-centres in Europe, Madrid doesn’t offer that many gay-only hotels. But Spain is a relatively liberal country when it comes to sexuality, so you’ll find most of the city’s hotels are at least gay-friendly. We’d recommend staying as centrally as possible, and close to the La Chueca gay area – so that you don’t have to stagger home too far after a night out! You'll find a selection of gay and gay-friendly hotels in Madrid to the right. Should you want to search using a map and more criteria, try out more powerful
Accommodation Search Page
. The La Chueca area is also marked on the map on that page, making it even easier to make the best choice. Happy searching!



NEXT: Top Madrid Links >







Links to the best Gay Madrid links

So many Gay Madrid destination guides attempt to list the top restaurants, bars, shops, events, and websites for a given town - but their suggestions quickly become out of date, because such information is constantly changing. So instead of trying to list our own suggestions, we've listed the best websites or 'apps' for finding out what's hot in Gay Madrid. That way, you get the best information possible. Simply click on any of the logos below to visit any of our recommended sites.






If you're looking to meet friendly locals or other visitors, then we'd recommend the apps Grindr and Scruff, as well as more Euro-centric apps such as PlanetRomeo.









For ideas on what to do and where to go from a gay point of view – we’d recommend the ‘Gay tourism in Madrid‘ section of the
ESmadrid.com
site.  They’re also the best site for more general tourism information.









We recommend you check out the Gay Welcome
Madrid Events
page for the very biggest gay or gay-friendly events in the city. If you want a broader listing, the
ESmadrid.com
’s ‘What’s on in Madrid‘ pages are probably your best bet.










here’s some great restaurants in Madrid – especially if you’re looking for good Spanish or Tapas. We’d recommend either
TripAdvisor
,
TimeOut Madrid
or
Frommers
.











We’d recommend the ‘
Simon Seeks
‘ website for shopping advice in Madrid. It covers the best shops, and information on all the main shopping areas. Also try
TimeOut
.









The best magazine for local gay listings (to find the best bars, clubs, saunas etc) try the Spanish
Shangay
magazine and website.













OUR FAVOURITE HOTELS

Hotel Teatro




Oporto (Porto), Portugal :
Hotel
,  €86 - €321 / night per night

GET OUR NEWSLETTER







Subscribe to our weekly‘EUROPEXPOSED’ newsletter and get the latest LGBT travel news for Europe delivered to your inbox each week - everything from hot offers to new hotel openings to upcoming events to the latest swimwear launches.



EUROPE'S  HOT SPOTS

Make the most of your trip - check out what to see and do with our Hot Spot Guides.



CITY SLICKERS












SURF & TURF










UPCOMING EVENTS






Clubbing

She Soho’s New Year’s Eve Party

London

31 Dec - 31 Dec, 2017








Clubbing

Red & Blue NYE

Antwerp

31 Dec - 31 Dec, 2016





TRAVEL NEWS






Holidays

6 LGBT-Friendly Destinations for Your Next…

As with any other community, the gay community has its own ebb and flow of travel…








Politics

Russia: gays fans could face dire consequences

World football governing body FIFA has released a statement warning homosexual football…















ABOUT US:

TRAVELLERS:

HOSTS:

ARTICLES:

HOT SPOTS:



Our Team

Terms & Conditions

Our FaceBook Page

Useful Links

Site Map

Home

Gay Hotels

Hot Spot Guides

LGBT Events

Cruises & Tours


Add YOUR Property

Manage Your Account

GETA

LGBT Media Directory

Contact Us

Articles Home

Gay Cruises

Gay Holidays

Gay Clubbing

Gay Travel

New Hot Spots



Amsterdam

Gran Canaria

Ibiza

London

Mykonos

Sitges





OUR PARTNERS:






