Gay cruises
PLEASE SIGN IN (OR REGISTER)
Please sign in - so that you can view your Travel File, your Reviews, your 'Voucher Access' status and to manage your account information.
SIGN IN BELOW:
OR REGISTER HERE >
Email:


*
Password:


*


Forgot your password?
Fill in your email address above, and then
CLICK HERE >
Registering allows you to:

TRAVEL FILE:
Save any Places to Stay you like the look of in your own personal 'Travel Fil'e - so that they are never lost.

ADD REVIEWS:
Write reviews of Places to Stay listed on our website.

SAVE VIA VOUCHERS:
Purchase 'Voucher Access' for only €10 per year. You can then view and print out vouchers worth €100s.










Home
4093 Hotels
﻿
All hotels
Search ALL our gay, actively-gay friendly and gay-friendly accommodation.
Gay-only places
Europe’s exclusively-gay hotels, guesthouses and B&Bs, all on one easy-to-use map.

Nude hotels
Places that allow nudity around the pool and in their garden.

Great offers
Places offering a discount or offer.

Cool hotels
Our favourite chic and trendy gay and very gay-friendly places to stay.

Mediterranean holiday
Hotels, B&Bs and Guesthouses in southern Europe that offer a pool.

Winter sun
Places in the Canary Islands and southern Israel that can guarantee winter sunbathing.

Ski hotels
The top gay and gay-friendly hotels and B&Bs close to the slopes.
69 Holidays
﻿
All cruises, tours & holidays
An introduction to gay cruises, tours and holidays - from huge Atlantis cruises to more intimate trips.
Gay Tour Operators & Travel Agents
Save time and money, and get a better holiday experience, by booking through a gay tour operator or travel agent.

Gay-only cruises
From big Atlantis cruises to more intimate riverboat cruises.

Gay groups on cruises
Expand your cruising options by joining an organised group on a cruise.

Gay tours
Everything from sightseeing tours of Spain to hiking in Croatia.

Gay holidays
Get your party frock ready for a week or two of sun, sex and sand...
16 Hot Spots
﻿

All 'Hot Spot' guides
Browse our growing catalogue of guides to Europe's favorite cities, beach towns and regions - each giving you great tips on what to do, see and where to eat.
Top cities
Amsterdam
,
Barcelona
,
Berlin
,
London
,
Madrid
,
Paris
,
Prague
,
Stockholm
,
Vienna
Top 'surf & turf'
Gran Canaria
,
Ibiza
,
Mykonos
,
Sitges
, 
South of France
,
Tuscany & Northern Italy
414 Events
﻿
All events
Go to our Events Home Page to view all 414 events in Europe coming up over the next 12 months
Search by category

CHOOSE
Bears
Clubbing
Comedy
Cruises (Gay-groups)
Cruises (Gay-only)
Dance
Exhibits
Fashion
Festivals
Film
Holidays (Gay-only)
Leather & Fetish
Lesbian
Music
Opera
Pageants
Pride
Ski Weeks
Sport
Theatre
Tours (Gay-only)
Search by location

CHOOSE
Adriatic Coast
Amsterdam
Antwerp
Athens
Austrian Alps
Barcelona
Benidorm
Berlin
Birmingham
Brighton
Bristol
Brussels
Budapest
Canary Islands
Cardiff
Cologne
Copenhagen
Düsseldorf
Dalmatian Coast
Dublin
Dubrovnik
Eastern Austria
Eastern Germany
Edinburgh
Florence
Frankfurt
French Alps
Gran Canaria
Greek Islands
Hamburg
Hanover
Helsinki
Ibiza
Istanbul
Latvia
Liverpool
London
Madrid
Majorca & Minorca
Manchester
Marseille
Milan
Montpellier
Munich
Mykonos
Nice
North East France
Northern Italy
Northern Spain
Oslo
Paris
Prague
Reykjavik
Rome
Scotland
Seville
Sitges
South East England
South of France
South West England
Southern Netherlands
Southern Sweden
Stockholm
Stuttgart
Swiss Alps
Tel Aviv
Tuscany
Valencia
Venice
Verona
Vienna
Western Austria
Zurich
Search by month

CHOOSE
Jul 2016
Aug 2016
Sep 2016
Oct 2016
Nov 2016
Dec 2016
Jan 2017
Feb 2017
Mar 2017
Apr 2017
May 2017
Jun 2017
Search by key word
Travel News
NEWS
>
ARTICLES
Gay Cruise anyone?
For many, the prospect of a cruise fills them with horror. Seven days and nights of screaming children, moaning pensioners, the heady delights of shuttle board and dreary night club singers. But that, of course, is a mainstream cruise.

A gay cruise is as different as different can be. We know this, because we’ve been on one. Two, actually. Not all
gay cruises
are the same, of course, but on ours we experienced five thousand very happy gay men (and a sprinkling of lesbians) partying every night away like there was no tomorrow, buoyed along by a clutch of drag queens, gogo boys and New York’s top DJs. Apart from being immensely fun, it was a reminder of how far gay culture and gay travel have come in the past 30 years.

Gay Cruises & Tours - where it all began
Gay cruises, gay tours and gay holiday packages have boomed in the last few years. The ships, the barges, the busses, the hotels just get bigger and bigger with each passing year. And like so many gay cultural phenomena, it all started in the US of A. It was back in 1985 that the first RSVP cruise ship, with 750 gay guests, set off from New Orleans for a cruise around the Caribbean. RSVP’s cruises and holidays grew over the years, only to be overtaken by rival upstart Atlantis Events, which launched their first gay holiday week in 1991 for 300 guests. Olivia, now a huge travel operator for the lesbian market, first started in 1973 as a women’s record label, and now fill entire cruise liners with over 2,000 lesbians, running gay cruises and gay tours for women all over the world.

Atlantis Cruises and the rest…
Europe, of course, is the perfect place to cruise - lots of fascinating ports of call, brimming with history, each an easy night’s sail from the next. Unsurprisingly, the huge American gay travel companies now have a good range of gay cruises each year across Europe. Atlantis gay cruises organise two big gay-only cruises in Europe each summer, one in the Mediterranean and one around the Baltic states and Scandinavia. (Interestingly, in 2014, the company dropped St Petersburg from their northern itinerary due to rising homophobia in Russia.) Both cruises draw thousands of (mostly) gay men, most of whom travel all the way from the United States to experience the delights of Rome, Barcelona and Stockholm each year. The other big gay (male) cruise held each year in Europe is run by the Belgian La Démence clubbing brand. Their party ship plies the Mediterranean each year - and could well be the forerunner of many more truly ‘European’ gay cruises in Europe. Olivia, the American lesbian tour company, also run a big cruise in the Mediterranean each year.

Gay groups on Cruises
Gay-only cruises, though rocketing in popularity, aren’t the only way to enjoy a cruise with fellow gays and lesbians. In recent years, we’ve seen a growing number of ‘gay-groups on cruises’. These are basically gay-only groups hosted on mainstream cruises by a gay tour operator. A number of events and dinners are planned just for the group, and then guided tours at every stop. It has been an effective way of broadening the range of cruises that gay travellers can enjoy while still enjoying the company of like-minded gay travellers.

More intimate cruises and tours
Big isn’t the only way to go when it comes to gay cruises in Europe. Gay tour operators, mostly from the USA, also organise a number of smaller, more niche cruises on the continent. There are a couple of bear cruises each year in the Mediterranean - one organised by specialists Cruise4Bears.com. Lesbian operator Olivia charter large river boats for their up-scale guests, floating down the Rhine, Rhône or Danube and watching the castles and châteaux go by over a glass of chilled rosé. Gay holiday company Pied Piper also organise a number of smaller gay cruises down Europe’s rivers.

Gay tours and holidays
Again, it’s the American gay tour companies that lead the field when it comes to gay tours in Europe. Bus-based tours travel from city to city, with tours organised during the day and plenty of lovely dinners and bar-hopping organised each evening. For the more adventurous, hiking and bicycling holidays have popped up in more exotic locations, such as Tuscany, the Dalmatian Coast and Eastern Europe. They’re a great way to really get off the beaten track and really experience the local culture. Some tours are now themed - such as ‘wine tours’ and ‘culinary tours’ in regions such as the South of France and Northern Italy. At the other end of the scale, clabbers and twins are now flocking to party-based holidays in Europe’s beach resorts. The Dunas Festival, in Gran Canaria, offers non-stop partying and daytime mini-cruises and tours in environment that offers plenty of fun and sun, but not much culture. The RYANA holiday in Rhodes and the ‘Capri’ holiday on the Amalfi Coast in Italy are similar - plenty of partying, tours and sun.

All the top gay cruises, gay tours and gay holidays - on one page
With so many gay cruises, tours and holidays to choose from, we wanted to make it easy to see at a glance exactly what there was on offer each year, and where. So we created our Gay Cruises, Tours & Holidays page. On three maps, it charts every cruise, tour and holiday package in Europe. Just hover over any item to view more information. All the items are then listed below the maps. We're adding new gay cruises, tours and holidays all the time - so make sure to check back with the page now and then.

Check out our comprehensive listings for the coming year in Europe:
GAY CRUISES >
GAY GROUP CRUISES >
GAY TOURS >
GAY HOLIDAYS >

OUR FAVOURITE HOTELS
Bellevue Syrene
Amalfi Coast, Italy :
Gay-friendly Hotel
GET OUR NEWSLETTER
Subscribe to our weekly‘EUROPEXPOSED’ newsletter and get the latest LGBT travel news for Europe delivered to your inbox each week - everything from hot offers to new hotel openings to upcoming events to the latest swimwear launches.
EUROPE'S  HOT SPOTS
Make the most of your trip - check out what to see and do with our Hot Spot Guides.

CITY SLICKERS

SURF & TURF
UPCOMING EVENTS
Clubbing
She Soho’s New Year’s Eve Party
London
31 Dec - 31 Dec, 2017
Clubbing
Red & Blue NYE
Antwerp
31 Dec - 31 Dec, 2016

ABOUT US:
TRAVELLERS:
HOSTS:
ARTICLES:
HOT SPOTS:
Our Team
Terms & Conditions
Our FaceBook Page
Useful Links
Site Map
Home
Gay Hotels
Hot Spot Guides
LGBT Events
Cruises & Tours
Add YOUR Property
Manage Your Account
GETA
LGBT Media Directory
Contact Us
Articles Home
Gay Cruises
Gay Holidays
Gay Clubbing
Gay Travel
New Hot Spots

Amsterdam
Gran Canaria
Ibiza
London
Mykonos
Sitges

OUR PARTNERS:



