Gay travel Europe



PLEASE SIGN IN (OR REGISTER)
Please sign in - so that you can view your Travel File, your Reviews, your 'Voucher Access' status and to manage your account information.
SIGN IN BELOW:
OR REGISTER HERE >
Email:


*
Password:


*


Forgot your password?
Fill in your email address above, and then
CLICK HERE >
Registering allows you to:

TRAVEL FILE:
Save any Places to Stay you like the look of in your own personal 'Travel Fil'e - so that they are never lost.

ADD REVIEWS:
Write reviews of Places to Stay listed on our website.

SAVE VIA VOUCHERS:
Purchase 'Voucher Access' for only €10 per year. You can then view and print out vouchers worth €100s.










Home
4093 Hotels
﻿
All hotels
Search ALL our gay, actively-gay friendly and gay-friendly accommodation.
Gay-only places
Europe’s exclusively-gay hotels, guesthouses and B&Bs, all on one easy-to-use map.

Nude hotels
Places that allow nudity around the pool and in their garden.

Great offers
Places offering a discount or offer.

Cool hotels
Our favourite chic and trendy gay and very gay-friendly places to stay.

Mediterranean holiday
Hotels, B&Bs and Guesthouses in southern Europe that offer a pool.

Winter sun
Places in the Canary Islands and southern Israel that can guarantee winter sunbathing.

Ski hotels
The top gay and gay-friendly hotels and B&Bs close to the slopes.
69 Holidays
﻿
All cruises, tours & holidays
An introduction to gay cruises, tours and holidays - from huge Atlantis cruises to more intimate trips.
Gay Tour Operators & Travel Agents
Save time and money, and get a better holiday experience, by booking through a gay tour operator or travel agent.

Gay-only cruises
From big Atlantis cruises to more intimate riverboat cruises.

Gay groups on cruises
Expand your cruising options by joining an organised group on a cruise.

Gay tours
Everything from sightseeing tours of Spain to hiking in Croatia.

Gay holidays
Get your party frock ready for a week or two of sun, sex and sand...
16 Hot Spots
﻿

All 'Hot Spot' guides
Browse our growing catalogue of guides to Europe's favorite cities, beach towns and regions - each giving you great tips on what to do, see and where to eat.
Top cities
Amsterdam
,
Barcelona
,
Berlin
,
London
,
Madrid
,
Paris
,
Prague
,
Stockholm
,
Vienna
Top 'surf & turf'
Gran Canaria
,
Ibiza
,
Mykonos
,
Sitges
, 
South of France
,
Tuscany & Northern Italy
414 Events
﻿
All events
Go to our Events Home Page to view all 414 events in Europe coming up over the next 12 months
Search by category

CHOOSE
Bears
Clubbing
Comedy
Cruises (Gay-groups)
Cruises (Gay-only)
Dance
Exhibits
Fashion
Festivals
Film
Holidays (Gay-only)
Leather & Fetish
Lesbian
Music
Opera
Pageants
Pride
Ski Weeks
Sport
Theatre
Tours (Gay-only)
Search by location

CHOOSE
Adriatic Coast
Amsterdam
Antwerp
Athens
Austrian Alps
Barcelona
Benidorm
Berlin
Birmingham
Brighton
Bristol
Brussels
Budapest
Canary Islands
Cardiff
Cologne
Copenhagen
Düsseldorf
Dalmatian Coast
Dublin
Dubrovnik
Eastern Austria
Eastern Germany
Edinburgh
Florence
Frankfurt
French Alps
Gran Canaria
Greek Islands
Hamburg
Hanover
Helsinki
Ibiza
Istanbul
Latvia
Liverpool
London
Madrid
Majorca & Minorca
Manchester
Marseille
Milan
Montpellier
Munich
Mykonos
Nice
North East France
Northern Italy
Northern Spain
Oslo
Paris
Prague
Reykjavik
Rome
Scotland
Seville
Sitges
South East England
South of France
South West England
Southern Netherlands
Southern Sweden
Stockholm
Stuttgart
Swiss Alps
Tel Aviv
Tuscany
Valencia
Venice
Verona
Vienna
Western Austria
Zurich
Search by month

CHOOSE
Jul 2016
Aug 2016
Sep 2016
Oct 2016
Nov 2016
Dec 2016
Jan 2017
Feb 2017
Mar 2017
Apr 2017
May 2017
Jun 2017
Search by key word
Travel News

Europe's gay travel website - everything you need for a better holiday









HOTELS
Find  hotels
Over 4,000 places to stay, from
gay-only hotels
,
nude hotels
,
mediterranean  properties
,
winter sun
and
discounted hotels
.
WHAT'S ON
Events - from clubbing to opera
Make sure you're in the right place at the right time - with Europe's biggest LGBT events calendar.
COOL TIPS
Gay Travel:
Europe's top cities
Our hot tips on where to go and what to do in Europe's  capitals - from Amsterdam to Vienna.
HOT TIPS
Gay Travel:
best beach resorts
Mykonos, Ibiza, Sitges, Gran Canaria and beyond - the hottest places in Europe to strip it all off and party the night away.
HOLIDAYS
Cruises, tours and holidays
Every  cruise, tour and holiday in Europe - all on one easy-to-use map - from huge Atlantis cruises to intimate biking holidays.
VIRGIN WHITE
Europe's top Ski Weeks
Hit the slopes, bars and spas this winter in the French, Austrian, Italian and Swiss alps with one of six different gay ski weeks.
What's new on the site?
NEWS
New 'Hot Spot Guide' to Stockholm
One of Europe's great 'gay capitals' with a relaxed atmosphere and tons to see and do.
HOT SPOT
New 'Hot Spot Guide' to Prague
Checkout our guide to Europe's most beautiful city - and now one of its cheapest to visit.
HOT SPOT
New 'Hot Spot Guide' to Madrid
They call it 'poor but sexy' - and Berlin certainly does combine a raunchy gay scene with cheaper prices. Check out our guide to Central Europe's gay capital.
TOURS & CRUISES
2015's tours, cruises & holidays!
We've just added 2015's top gay cruises, gay group cruises, gay tours and gay holidays - all mapped out on easy-to-use pages. They're the best way to plan your next holiday.
NUDE HOTELS
Europe's 'nude hotels' all on one page
Want to know where you can 'let it all hang out' when on holiday in Europe? Check out this handy list of hotels that allow nudity.
Gay travel and  holidays - how we make it easy
Gay travel is booming, especially in Europe, the world’s most popular tourist market. GETA (the Gay European Tourism Association, our ‘parent’) estimates the value of the
Gay European Tourist Market
at a massive €50b. Whereas once a ‘gay holiday’ meant a week in
Mykonos
or
Sitges
, the options for  travel in Europe have multiplied to include everything from huge
circuit parties
in Barcelona or London,
cruises
such as those from Atlantis cruises, with thousands of revelers on board, a week floating down the Rhône tasting the region’s wines, going on a  biking week in Tuscany, or donning a wig and sashaying through Madrid on their annual
pride march
. Gay travel now means so many more things than it did before and the diversity and size of our  options continues to grow, with
Europe’s homo hotels
, event planners and tour operators busily concocting more ways for gay travellers to holiday together.

And that’s exactly why this website exists. Partly to make it easier for people to
find  hotels
that welcome them (rather than a stern look when you ask for a double bed), but also to make it much easier to explore the multiplying   options available to us all. Our website brings it all together in one easy-to-use travel website. Our
Cruises, Tours and Holidays page
, for example, puts every  cruise, big and small, onto one easy to use map. And then adds every  tour and  holiday. Our
Events Calendar
, the biggest in Europe, gives you instant access to everything from  bear weeks to opera programs to the hottest clubbing dates - from Antwerp to Zurich. With over 3,900 places to stay, our accommodation finder allows you to track down a warm welcome in seconds. Our
Travel Guides
are a great way to prepare for a trip somewhere, or decide where to travel to. They include handy maps, lists of the top attractions, our tips for the top  bars and  beaches, and links to other travel websites with even more information. And in our
Travel Shop
you’ll find everything from guides and maps to the sexiest swimwear - for that oh-so-homoselxual holiday to Mykonos.

Gay hotels in Europe
From swanky city-centre hotels in London, Paris and Berlin, to rustic guesthouses in the south of France and the Greek islands, the range of gay-only and gay-friendly accommodation that exists across Europe is huge.
Our travel
market has truly arrived - in the form of our very own hotels.

Most of Europe's  cities and resorts will have a good range of
exclusively-queer hotels, B&Bs and guesthouses
catering to those who really want to 'let their hair down' when they travel and be with like-minded  holiday makers. But increasingly, with this travel market on the rise, mainstream hotels, bed and breakfasts and guesthouses in Europe are making their non-straight guests feel more comfortable. Hotels are less likely than they were to give same-sex couples two single beds. Concierges are more likely to know where the nearest  bars are. And the attitudes of straight guests is also more positive, as gay travel becomes more accepted.

That said, homo-only accommodation still remains quite popular. A lot of  travellers seem to like to spend at least one of their holidays a year in the company of other like-minded men or women. Most of these exclusively-gay hotels are small. Except for the Hotel Axel chain (Barcelona and Berlin), most comprises of either guesthouses or B&Bs. And most are located along the Mediterranean - summer properties with pools dotted along the Spanish and Portuguese coasts, the Canary, Balearic and Greek islands, and along the southern coast of France.

Finding LGBT-only hotels, guesthouses or B&Bs in city-centres can be more tricky. Thanks to the growth of LGBT travel in recent years, most of the hotels in the bigger cities are very accepting, and offer more facilities than a small property. And in cities, location can be more important to Travellers who are probably not be hiring a car. You'll find good hotels close to all of the 'queer quarters' in Europe's big city centres (all of which are marked with rainbow-coloured pins on our property search map).

The ‘Gay Holiday’ comes of age
Gay cruises
are booming. Organised
holidays
are popping up all over Europe.
Tours
are proliferating. The days when ‘gay holiday’ merely meant homosexuals going abroad are over. As our community has grown and become ever more cohesive and sophisticated, so our 'economy’ has too - and with it our own travel industry.

Today, a ‘gay holiday’ means going on a  cruise with 3000 other revellers. Or travelling to a  pride event or  clubbing weekend. It means joining a  tour of the Greek Isles, where you and your fellow travellers island hop, trek around ancient ruins and bop the night away in a  bar in Mykonos. Our communiuty, it seems, are enjoying holidaying with other like-minded people - and they’re doing it more often and in greater numbers than ever before. Atlantis  Cruises now carry over 5,000  men across the high seas - with two separate cruises each summer now in Europe alone. River boat  cruises are also increasingly popular within the  travel sector, plying up the Rhine, Rhône and Danube while their passengers sip chilled rosé and admire the passing castles. For the circuit crowd, Europe’s huge  clubbing brands such as Circuit, WE, La Démence and Matinée now organise massive clubbing weekends - from London to Madrid to Ibiza - replete with outdoor beach and pool parties, laser shows and the world’s top DJs.

A lot of the
LGBT Tours and  Cruises
organised within Europe originate in the USA - with  travel tour operators such as Pied Piper, Brand G, Aquafest and Olivia shipping thousands of  Americans over the Atlantic to enjoy the delights of a culinary tour of Tuscany, a wine-tasting trip through France or a cruise through the turquoise waters of Greece and Turkey. Still mostly childless - LGBT travellers have the money and time to get away on organised tours and cruises of a week or two. And what better way to heighten the experience than to share it with like-minded, friendly travel companions? The ‘en mass’ element of cruises and tours also ensures a party atmosphere at every stop - a  cruise pulling in to a port such as Malaga can transform the town’s  bars for the night - filling them with literally thousands of happy (and horny) holiday-makers. The events and parties organised around  cruises and  tours also help to make the experience all the more fun.

But cruises and tours aren’t the only  travel options available. A growing number of ‘
gay groups
’ are organised on cruises. This allows a tour operator to put a relatively small group of travellers together (10-50 say) and then book them on an otherwise ‘mainstream’ cruise. With the number of exclusively homosexual cruises relatively limited, this allows you to get a similar community experience on a much wider range of cruises. Pied Piper, for example, organise such groups on a cruise around the Greek Isles. They then organise a number of dinners, parties and outings for the group, while ensuring they also have plenty of time to be alone or mix with other straight guests should they want to.

Events
are also giving the concept of LGBT travel a boost. Europe’s
pride
marches are now huge, and whereas they were once mostly local affairs, the biggest now attract  travellers from all over Europe and the world. Join the LGBT carnivals in Madrid, London or Berlin, and you’ll bump in to visitors from Athens to Zurich - who’ve travelled there specifically for the pride parade and countless parties and club nights organised around it.

'Pink holidays' are also now being organised within Europe. There are now 8-10 men's ‘
Ski Weeks
’ organised each winter in France Switzerland and Austria, each offering plenty of skiing plus fun après-ski activities such as club nights, dinners and spa outings. Pink Iceland organise a week of fun and games amongst the steamy spas and volcanoes of Iceland each year. And a number of organised weeks in the sun have popped up in recent years, from a Club Med vacation near Nice to a week in the sun in Tel Aviv and on Rhodes.

We’ve listed all the
cruises,  tours and  holidays
you could possible want - on our  Holidays page. If you know of any we’ve missed, please let us know. They’re all charted on handy maps, so you can see them all geographically. We expect this section of our  travel site to grow over time, as the LGBT travel industry continues to expand and more  cruises and tours are launched each year.

Who are we?
This website was developed by
GETA - the Gay European Tourism Association
. Their mission is to make gay travel, to and within Europe, as easy and fun as possible for  people. The organisation is totally independent of big hotel chains, so you can confident that all the  travel reviews and articles on our website are unbiased. Should you have any feedback on the site, or want any information on gay travel within Europe, please don’t hesitate to contact us. If you work in the gay travel industry, then why not
join GETA
- it’s completely free.


4093
GET OUR NEWSLETTER
Subscribe to our weekly‘EUROPEXPOSED’ newsletter and get the latest LGBT travel news for Europe delivered to your inbox each week - everything from hot offers to new hotel openings to upcoming events to the latest swimwear launches.
OUR FAVOURITE HOTELS
Villa Margarita Mykonos
Mykonos, Greece :
Gay-friendly Holiday rental

EUROPE'S  HOT SPOTS
Make the most of your trip - check out what to see and do with our Hot Spot Guides.

CITY SLICKERS

SURF & TURF
UPCOMING EVENTS

Clubbing
Red & Blue NYE
Antwerp
31 Dec - 31 Dec, 2016

Clubbing
BEEFMINCE NYE - The Big Dong!
London
31 Dec - 31 Dec, 2017
TRAVEL NEWS

Holidays
6 LGBT-Friendly Destinations for Your Next…
As with any other community, the gay community has its own ebb and flow of travel…

Politics
Russia: gays fans could face dire consequences
World football governing body FIFA has released a statement warning homosexual football…







ABOUT US:
TRAVELLERS:
HOSTS:
ARTICLES:
HOT SPOTS:
Our Team
Terms & Conditions
Our FaceBook Page
Useful Links
Site Map
Home
Gay Hotels
Hot Spot Guides
LGBT Events
Cruises & Tours
Add YOUR Property
Manage Your Account
GETA
LGBT Media Directory
Contact Us
Articles Home
Gay Cruises
Gay Holidays
Gay Clubbing
Gay Travel
New Hot Spots

Amsterdam
Gran Canaria
Ibiza
London
Mykonos
Sitges

OUR PARTNERS:



