
Gay Paris | Gay Welcome












PLEASE SIGN IN (OR REGISTER)






Please sign in - so that you can view your Travel File, your Reviews, your 'Voucher Access' status and to manage your account information.



SIGN IN BELOW:

OR REGISTER HERE >





Email:



*



Password:



*










Forgot your password?
Fill in your email address above, and then
CLICK HERE >



Registering allows you to:




TRAVEL FILE:
Save any Places to Stay you like the look of in your own personal 'Travel Fil'e - so that they are never lost.



ADD REVIEWS:
Write reviews of Places to Stay listed on our website.



SAVE VIA VOUCHERS:
Purchase 'Voucher Access' for only €10 per year. You can then view and print out vouchers worth €100s.












































Home

4093 Hotels
﻿




All hotels

Search ALL our gay, actively-gay friendly and gay-friendly accommodation.



Gay-only places


Europe’s exclusively-gay hotels, guesthouses and B&Bs, all on one easy-to-use map.




Nude hotels


Places that allow nudity around the pool and in their garden.




Great offers


Places offering a discount or offer.






Cool hotels


Our favourite chic and trendy gay and very gay-friendly places to stay.




Mediterranean holiday


Hotels, B&Bs and Guesthouses in southern Europe that offer a pool.




Winter sun


Places in the Canary Islands and southern Israel that can guarantee winter sunbathing.




Ski hotels


The top gay and gay-friendly hotels and B&Bs close to the slopes.




69 Holidays
﻿




All cruises, tours & holidays

An introduction to gay cruises, tours and holidays - from huge Atlantis cruises to more intimate trips.



Gay Tour Operators & Travel Agents

Save time and money, and get a better holiday experience, by booking through a gay tour operator or travel agent.






Gay-only cruises


From big Atlantis cruises to more intimate riverboat cruises.




Gay groups on cruises


Expand your cruising options by joining an organised group on a cruise.




Gay tours


Everything from sightseeing tours of Spain to hiking in Croatia.




Gay holidays


Get your party frock ready for a week or two of sun, sex and sand...




16 Hot Spots
﻿





All 'Hot Spot' guides

Browse our growing catalogue of guides to Europe's favorite cities, beach towns and regions - each giving you great tips on what to do, see and where to eat.





Top cities

Amsterdam
,
Barcelona
,
Berlin
,
London
,
Madrid
,
Paris
,
Prague
,
Stockholm
,
Vienna



Top 'surf & turf'

Gran Canaria
,
Ibiza
,
Mykonos
,
Sitges
, 
South of France
,
Tuscany & Northern Italy




414 Events
﻿




All events

Go to our Events Home Page to view all 414 events in Europe coming up over the next 12 months





Search by category


CHOOSE
Bears
Clubbing
Comedy
Cruises (Gay-groups)
Cruises (Gay-only)
Dance
Exhibits
Fashion
Festivals
Film
Holidays (Gay-only)
Leather & Fetish
Lesbian
Music
Opera
Pageants
Pride
Ski Weeks
Sport
Theatre
Tours (Gay-only)




Search by location


CHOOSE
Adriatic Coast
Amsterdam
Antwerp
Athens
Austrian Alps
Barcelona
Benidorm
Berlin
Birmingham
Brighton
Bristol
Brussels
Budapest
Canary Islands
Cardiff
Cologne
Copenhagen
Düsseldorf
Dalmatian Coast
Dublin
Dubrovnik
Eastern Austria
Eastern Germany
Edinburgh
Florence
Frankfurt
French Alps
Gran Canaria
Greek Islands
Hamburg
Hanover
Helsinki
Ibiza
Istanbul
Latvia
Liverpool
London
Madrid
Majorca & Minorca
Manchester
Marseille
Milan
Montpellier
Munich
Mykonos
Nice
North East France
Northern Italy
Northern Spain
Oslo
Paris
Prague
Reykjavik
Rome
Scotland
Seville
Sitges
South East England
South of France
South West England
Southern Netherlands
Southern Sweden
Stockholm
Stuttgart
Swiss Alps
Tel Aviv
Tuscany
Valencia
Venice
Verona
Vienna
Western Austria
Zurich




Search by month


CHOOSE
Jul 2016
Aug 2016
Sep 2016
Oct 2016
Nov 2016
Dec 2016
Jan 2017
Feb 2017
Mar 2017
Apr 2017
May 2017
Jun 2017




Search by key word





Travel News












Gay Paris
























OVERVIEW

GAY LIFE

HOTELS ETC

HOT TIPS






A guide to Gay Paris




For centuries, Paris has loomed large in the minds of travellers everywhere as possibly the world’s most beautiful, most romantic, most sophisticated city. Where London is big, rambling, funky and modern, Paris is smaller and perfectly formed, elegant, traditional and ordered. Monuments to France’s glorious past are everywhere, perfectly lined up for as far as the eye can see and dripping with gargoyles and gold. They are a constant reminder that for hundreds of years until the late 18th century, Paris was the capital of the western world’s superpower, and the epicentre of western art and thinking. Today, Paris boasts one of Europe’s biggest gay communities, with a vibrant gay scene of hotels, shops, bar, clubs, saunas and restaurants.



Paris is definitely a city for walking in. Half the size of London, you can walk for hours and never run out of famous buildings and statues to look at, stopping along the way for coffee and delicious pastries in the city’s many cafés and patisseries. An alternative would be to rent a bike: you’ll find ‘Vélib’ bikes ready to rent all over the city, and they’re a great way to cover more ground. A tour on one of the many ‘bateaux’ that ply their way up and down the Seine is also fun – and from these you’ll be able to take in everything from the Louvre and Musée d’Orsay to the Eiffel Tower and Les Invalides. Some of them offer drinks and dinner.



Our top sightseeing tips for  Paris


The Eiffel Tower by night. It’s less crowded and the views of the ‘City of Lights’ from the top are spectacular. What could be more romantic?

The Louvre – home of the Mona Lisa and Venus de Milo

Basilique du Sacré Coeur de Montmartre - for lovely views over the city

Place des Voges and the Marais

Centre Pompidou and Café Beaubourg – The Pompidou offers Modern Art and a superb bar restaurant on the roof. Or watch the world go by from the famous Café Beaubourg just next to the Pompidou

Musée du Quai Branly – art and crafts from Africa, Asia and South America

Musée d’Orsay – superb collection of mostly impressionist paintings

Notre Dame – on Ile de la Cité, then pop over to Bertillon on Ile Saint-Louis for home-made ice cream.

Les Carrieres de Paris – the city’s catacombs




Shopping

Paris doesn't quite compare to London when it comes to shopping, but the city does have some retail highlights worth checking out:


The Marais is a great place for funky little boutiques. The northern half (the 3rd arrondissement) is less touristy and more interesting.

Marché aux Puces de St-Ouen – possibly the world’s biggest ‘flea market’ – with antiques as far as the eye can see. It’s in the slightly rough Porte de Clignancourt district – just take the Metro.


Galleries Lafayette – on Blvd Haussmann. There’s a new Espace Luxe on the first floor – and the Home Store across the road is great too.




Getting Around

The Metro is your best bet if you want to travel large distances quickly. You can buy a ‘carnet’ of 10 tickets, which works out cheaper. The new ‘Velib’ bikes are a more fun way of seeing the city. There are also open-top busses packed with tourists. Or take a taxi – they’re not too expensive and quite easy to find. Again, the closer your gay-only or gay-friendly hotel, B&B or guesthouse is to the ‘action’, the less time and money you’ll waste travelling around.



Getting There

Paris is one of the most accessible cities in the world – with regular flights from most major countries. From the UK, most now prefer to take the Eurostar train service between St Pancras in London and Gare du Nord in Paris – as it takes you from city-centre to city-centre. There are also good rail links from other European capitals. If you’re looking for gay hotels Paris, simply click the 'HOTELS ETC' tab above. You’ll see a list of the best gay and gay-friendly hotels in Gay Paris. Or to search using a map,
click here
.

NEXT: Gay Paris >







Gay Paris






Events in Paris




Sport

Gay Games - Paris 2018

Paris

04 Aug - 08 Aug, 2018





The gay quarter in Paris has traditionally been the Marais (which is also the Jewish quarter) – made up of the 3rd and 4th arrondissements. This is where the major hot spots are concentrated: bars, cafés, restaurants, boutique hotels, B&Bs, cruising & leather bars, sex shops, clothes & decoration boutiques and bookshops (such as Les Mots à la Bouche). You'll find most of the Marais gay bars in the 4th, the southern half of the Marais.



The city sports many great gay bars and clubs (although Paris still isn’t a clubbing capital like London). The “Spyce” bar is an incredibly successful hangout, with its nightly dose of hot stripers. The “Woo”, a new nightclub, is also very popular.



Over the past 10 years, the gay area has spread beyond the Marais to areas such as Les Halles, Bastille and Oberkampf. Parisians’ favourite hangout on Sunday evenings is currently the café “Rosa Bonheur”, located in the beautiful Buttes-Chaumont Park (19th district), perfect for catching the sunset.



Party boys can find a wide choice of dance parties every weekend. The best spots are “Mix”, “Gibus”, “Scene Bastille” and “Club 18” nightclubs, followed by some after-hour parties in the mornings.

NEXT: Gay Accommodation in Paris >









In terms of gay hotels Paris doesn’t offer that much exclusively gay accommodation – much like most of Europe’s big cities. Most of the good hotels, B&Bs and guesthouses in Paris are more gay-friendly than exclusively gay.



Like with any large city, location is key when looking for gay or gay-friendly hotels. Think about where you’ll want to hang out for most of your stay, and try to find a hotel room close by. The last thing you want to be doing is spending hours on the Metro.



There are quite a few smaller hotels in the Marais - many of which are very reasonably priced. These old-fashioned Parisian hotels are often a little cramped, and the less expensive ones often lack elevators.



Another alternative to gay hotels in Paris would be to rent a holiday apartment. There are a lot on offer, many of which you’ll find on our gay accommodation search page.

NEXT: Top Paris Links >







Links to the best Gay Paris links

So many Gay Paris destination guides attempt to list the top restaurants, bars, shops, events, and websites for a given town - but their suggestions quickly become out of date, because such information is constantly changing. So instead of trying to list our own suggestions, we've listed the best websites or 'apps' for finding out what's hot in Gay Paris. That way, you get the best information possible. Simply click on any of the logos below to visit any of our recommended sites.






If you're looking to meet friendly Parisians, then we'd recommend the aps Grindr and Scruff, as well as more Euro-centric apps such as PlanetRomeo and CitéGay.









Paris Info
gives a pretty comprehensive guide to what to do and see in the city.
Lonely Planet’s
web pages on Paris are also very good.










GayWelcome
is a great place to start for a lsit of cherry-picked Paris gay events. We also recommend
TimeOut Paris
for up-to-date listings on the city’s top mainstream events and festivals.










Paris offers, unsurprisingly, the world’s best French food. Cuisines from the rest of the world aren’t as strongly represented however (but
Zagat
is a good place to start if you're looking for a good meal.)










Once again, it’s the
TimeOut
website that comes out on top when it comes to a shopping guide for the city. Or try the
About Travel Paris
site.









We recommend you visit the
TimeOut
website or purchase a copy of Têtu magazine from any kiosk – their ‘Le Guide’ insert is pretty comprehensive.













OUR FAVOURITE HOTELS

Villa de Mazamet




France :
Guesthouse
,  €95 - €185 / night per night

GET OUR NEWSLETTER







Subscribe to our weekly‘EUROPEXPOSED’ newsletter and get the latest LGBT travel news for Europe delivered to your inbox each week - everything from hot offers to new hotel openings to upcoming events to the latest swimwear launches.



EUROPE'S  HOT SPOTS

Make the most of your trip - check out what to see and do with our Hot Spot Guides.



CITY SLICKERS












SURF & TURF










UPCOMING EVENTS






Clubbing

Red & Blue NYE

Antwerp

31 Dec - 31 Dec, 2016








Clubbing

She Soho’s New Year’s Eve Party

London

31 Dec - 31 Dec, 2017





TRAVEL NEWS






Holidays

6 LGBT-Friendly Destinations for Your Next…

As with any other community, the gay community has its own ebb and flow of travel…








Politics

Russia: gays fans could face dire consequences

World football governing body FIFA has released a statement warning homosexual football…















ABOUT US:

TRAVELLERS:

HOSTS:

ARTICLES:

HOT SPOTS:



Our Team

Terms & Conditions

Our FaceBook Page

Useful Links

Site Map

Home

Gay Hotels

Hot Spot Guides

LGBT Events

Cruises & Tours


Add YOUR Property

Manage Your Account

GETA

LGBT Media Directory

Contact Us

Articles Home

Gay Cruises

Gay Holidays

Gay Clubbing

Gay Travel

New Hot Spots



Amsterdam

Gran Canaria

Ibiza

London

Mykonos

Sitges





OUR PARTNERS:






