
Terms & Conditions | Gay Welcome












PLEASE SIGN IN (OR REGISTER)






Please sign in - so that you can view your Travel File, your Reviews, your 'Voucher Access' status and to manage your account information.



SIGN IN BELOW:

OR REGISTER HERE >





Email:



*



Password:



*










Forgot your password?
Fill in your email address above, and then
CLICK HERE >



Registering allows you to:




TRAVEL FILE:
Save any Places to Stay you like the look of in your own personal 'Travel Fil'e - so that they are never lost.



ADD REVIEWS:
Write reviews of Places to Stay listed on our website.



SAVE VIA VOUCHERS:
Purchase 'Voucher Access' for only €10 per year. You can then view and print out vouchers worth €100s.












































Home

4093 Hotels
﻿




All hotels

Search ALL our gay, actively-gay friendly and gay-friendly accommodation.



Gay-only places


Europe’s exclusively-gay hotels, guesthouses and B&Bs, all on one easy-to-use map.




Nude hotels


Places that allow nudity around the pool and in their garden.




Great offers


Places offering a discount or offer.






Cool hotels


Our favourite chic and trendy gay and very gay-friendly places to stay.




Mediterranean holiday


Hotels, B&Bs and Guesthouses in southern Europe that offer a pool.




Winter sun


Places in the Canary Islands and southern Israel that can guarantee winter sunbathing.




Ski hotels


The top gay and gay-friendly hotels and B&Bs close to the slopes.




69 Holidays
﻿




All cruises, tours & holidays

An introduction to gay cruises, tours and holidays - from huge Atlantis cruises to more intimate trips.



Gay Tour Operators & Travel Agents

Save time and money, and get a better holiday experience, by booking through a gay tour operator or travel agent.






Gay-only cruises


From big Atlantis cruises to more intimate riverboat cruises.




Gay groups on cruises


Expand your cruising options by joining an organised group on a cruise.




Gay tours


Everything from sightseeing tours of Spain to hiking in Croatia.




Gay holidays


Get your party frock ready for a week or two of sun, sex and sand...




16 Hot Spots
﻿





All 'Hot Spot' guides

Browse our growing catalogue of guides to Europe's favorite cities, beach towns and regions - each giving you great tips on what to do, see and where to eat.





Top cities

Amsterdam
,
Barcelona
,
Berlin
,
London
,
Madrid
,
Paris
,
Prague
,
Stockholm
,
Vienna



Top 'surf & turf'

Gran Canaria
,
Ibiza
,
Mykonos
,
Sitges
, 
South of France
,
Tuscany & Northern Italy




414 Events
﻿




All events

Go to our Events Home Page to view all 414 events in Europe coming up over the next 12 months





Search by category


CHOOSE
Bears
Clubbing
Comedy
Cruises (Gay-groups)
Cruises (Gay-only)
Dance
Exhibits
Fashion
Festivals
Film
Holidays (Gay-only)
Leather & Fetish
Lesbian
Music
Opera
Pageants
Pride
Ski Weeks
Sport
Theatre
Tours (Gay-only)




Search by location


CHOOSE
Adriatic Coast
Amsterdam
Antwerp
Athens
Austrian Alps
Barcelona
Benidorm
Berlin
Birmingham
Brighton
Bristol
Brussels
Budapest
Canary Islands
Cardiff
Cologne
Copenhagen
Düsseldorf
Dalmatian Coast
Dublin
Dubrovnik
Eastern Austria
Eastern Germany
Edinburgh
Florence
Frankfurt
French Alps
Gran Canaria
Greek Islands
Hamburg
Hanover
Helsinki
Ibiza
Istanbul
Latvia
Liverpool
London
Madrid
Majorca & Minorca
Manchester
Marseille
Milan
Montpellier
Munich
Mykonos
Nice
North East France
Northern Italy
Northern Spain
Oslo
Paris
Prague
Reykjavik
Rome
Scotland
Seville
Sitges
South East England
South of France
South West England
Southern Netherlands
Southern Sweden
Stockholm
Stuttgart
Swiss Alps
Tel Aviv
Tuscany
Valencia
Venice
Verona
Vienna
Western Austria
Zurich




Search by month


CHOOSE
Jul 2016
Aug 2016
Sep 2016
Oct 2016
Nov 2016
Dec 2016
Jan 2017
Feb 2017
Mar 2017
Apr 2017
May 2017
Jun 2017




Search by key word





Travel News













Terms & Conditions








BY USING the Gay Welcome website, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF SERVICE AS THEY MAY BE MODIFIED BY US FROM TIME TO TIME. Please read these Terms of Service carefully. We have created them to protect you and to ensure that the Gay Welcome website is safe and informative for everyone.

If you do not agree to these Terms of Service, please do not enter the Gay Welcome website or register as a member or subscribe to our newsletters.




The Gay Welcome website

Acceptance of Terms of Service

Amendments

Registration

Password and Security

Privacy Policy

Your use of Gay Welcome.com & Refund Policy

Intellectual Property

Third Party Web Sites, Goods and Services

Disclaimer of Warranties

Limitation of Liability

E-Mails and Personal Home Pages

Termination & Remedies for Breach of these Terms by You

Indemnification

Applicable Law

Miscellaneous




1. Acceptance of Terms of Service

The Gay Welcome website is provided by GETA Ltd. under these Terms of Service. These Terms of Service govern your use of the Gay Welcome website (whether you are a member, a subscriber or a visitor) and govern all services provided to you by GETA Ltd. in connection with the Gay Welcome website, including but not limited to, listings (individual or licenses), access to message boards and use of any e-mail accounts, and other features and services provided from time to time.



2. Amendments

2.1 We reserve the right to amend these Terms of Service from time to time without notice to you. Please check the Terms of Service periodically to see whether a change has been made to them. If you do not agree with any change in these Terms of Service, please discontinue further use of the Gay Welcome website. Your continued use of the Gay Welcome website will signify your acceptance of any change in the Terms of Service set out here.

2.2 From time to time Gay Welcome may supplement these Terms of Service with additional terms applying to specific content or events, such as competitions ("Additional Terms"). Any Additional Terms will be clearly placed on the Gay Welcome website to be viewed in connection with the specific content or events. All Additional Terms will form part of these Terms of Service.

2.3 Gay Welcome may modify or discontinue the Gay Welcome website with or without notice to you and without liability to you or any third party.



3. Registration

3.1 Although portions of the Gay Welcome website may be viewed by anyone who visits the Gay Welcome website you will need to register as a member in order to access some Gay Welcome services including the message boards and to place property adverts.

3.2 When you register with us you are stating that you are over [18] years of age or are a minor with parental consent to use the service you are registering for. PLEASE NOTE that all minors are recommended to discuss these terms and conditions with their parents or legal guardian before they complete any registration process or provide us with any information about themselves. [We do not allow persons who we know to be 13 years of age or younger to register with the Gay Welcome website.]

3.3 You agree that any information you provide to us about yourself upon registration or at any other time will be true, accurate and complete and that you will ensure that this information is kept accurate and up to date at all times.



4. Password and Security

4.1 When you register to use the Gay Welcome website you will be asked to create a password. You must keep this password confidential and must not disclose it to or share it with anyone. YOU WILL BE RESPONSIBLE for all activities that occur under your password. If you know or suspect that someone else knows your password you should notify us immediately at info@Gay Welcome.com

4.2 If you forget your password please contact us at the Gay Welcome website and we will be able to remind you of your password if you satisfy our security check or use the 'forgot your password' feature on the site.



5. Privacy Policy

We treat your privacy very seriously and we understand that you will wish to know how we will use the information we collect from you.
We do not store credit card details nor do we share customer details with any 3rd parties.

Please click here
to access our privacy policy, which forms part of these Terms of Service. All use of your personal information will be in accordance with our Privacy Policy and will comply with all applicable EU data protection legislation.





6. Your use of the Gay Welcome website & Refund Policy



6.1 By registering your business with Gay welcome you confirm that;

a. Your activities relate to the tourism industry
b. You welcome gay, lesbian, bisexual and transsexual customers and agree to treat 	them with the respect that you treat all your customers



6.2 The Gay Welcome website provides businesses (or agents acting on behalf of those businesses) an environment to advertise their services.

(a) Gay Welcome can under no circumstances be held responsible for the content or accuracy of the information in the advertisement displayed on the Gay Welcome site insofar that these advertisements are written by third parties under their sole responsibility.

(b) The user must use the information carefully and conduct all verification under his/her exclusive responsibility.

(c) Any photographs supplied or uploaded to the Gay Welcome site must be sent by the copyright holder of the photographs or with the full knowledge and consent of the copyright holder. By sending or uploading photographs for inclusion in an advertisement, the sender confirms this to be true and assumes full responsibility for any subsequent legal action, indemnifying Gay Welcome against any subsequent legal action in this regard.

(d) Rates and conditions are subject to change without notice. Gay Welcome reserves the right to alter the layout and or the design of any part of the Gay Welcome website.

(e) No refunds for products or services bought can be offered.

(f) All Premium listings purchased will start from the date of purchase and run for the allotted time for the type of listing or license purchased. Renewal notices will be sent out one month and one week before expiry to the users registered e-mail address.

(g) Once a Premium status has expired the listing will revert to a standard listing.

(h) Practical information, reviews, news items and stories can be found on the Gay Welcome site. GETA Ltd. is the author of the information, photos, maps, data and services that it displays in the different sections. However, some information is collected from third parties and GETA Ltd. cannot guarantee their accuracy, reliability, pertinence or exhaustiveness.



7. Intellectual Property

7.1 The Gay Welcome website, its contents and all Rights therein are owned by GETA Ltd. (and/or its licensors). "Rights" means copyright, database rights, trade marks, design rights and other intellectual and proprietary rights of whatever nature, anywhere in the world. You acknowledge that (i) the Gay Welcome website is protected by Rights; (ii) these Rights are valid and protected in all media and technologies existing now or later developed; and (iii) except as explicitly provided otherwise, these Terms of Service and applicable copyright, trademark and other laws govern your use of such Rights.

7.2 You may view, print, download or temporarily store extracts from the Gay Welcome website for your personal, non-commercial reference without alteration, addition or deletion. You may not otherwise copy, reproduce, retransmit, distribute, publish, commercially exploit or otherwise transfer any the Gay Welcome website material or content. You acknowledge that you will not acquire any Rights by downloading or otherwise using any the Gay Welcome website content or materials.

7.3 By submitting content, which shall include your member name, to any "public area" of the Gay Welcome website, including property pages, message boards, forums, contests and chat rooms, you grant Gay Welcome and its affiliates a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, communicate to the public, perform and display the content (in whole or in part) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed, for the full term of any Rights that may exist in such content. You also permit any member to access, display, view, store and reproduce such content for personal use.

7.4 By submitting content, you also warrant that you are entitled and have all necessary rights to grant the licenses stated above. Subject to the foregoing, the owner of such content placed on the Gay Welcome website retains any and all Rights that may exist in such content.



8. Third Party Web Sites, Goods and Services

8.1 The Gay Welcome website provides links to third party web sites that are not affiliated with Gay Welcome (although Gay Welcome branding may appear on these sites). We make no representations as to the quality, suitability, functionality or legality of any sites to which we may provide links or any goods or services available from such sites.

8.2 All matters concerning any goods and services that you purchase from a third party site, including without limitation all contract terms are solely between you and the owner of that site and Gay Welcome will not be liable for any costs or damages to you or any third party arising directly or indirectly out of any third party website. You hereby waive any claim you might have against Gay Welcome with respect to any such sites.

8.3 Subject to the terms of our Privacy Policy, third parties may, from time to time, send e-mail messages to you containing advertisements, promotions, etc. Gay Welcome makes no representation or warranty with respect to the content of any e-mail messages sent by third parties or any goods or services which may be obtained from such third parties as a consequence of these e-mails, and you agree that Gay Welcome shall have no liability with respect thereto.



9. Disclaimer of Warranties

9.1 The Gay Welcome website is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. Gay Welcome expressly disclaims all warranties or representations of any kind, express or implied, to the fullest extent permitted by law.

9.2 You understand and agree that Gay Welcome does not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any information in or provided in connection with the Gay Welcome website. Gay Welcome is not responsible for any errors or omissions or for the results obtained from the use of such information. Whilst the Gay Welcome website is provided for the general information of the general public, all information is provided on the basis that neither Gay Welcome, its employees or consultants or its members, while such members are participating in the Gay Welcome website, are engaged in rendering legal, medical, counseling or other professional services or advice. Gay Welcome advises you to seek appropriate professional advice or care for any situation or problem which you may have.

9.3 Gay Welcome shall not be responsible for any loss or damage caused directly or indirectly, by the information or ideas contained, suggested or referenced on the Gay Welcome website. Your participation in the Gay Welcome website is solely at your own risk. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from Gay Welcome or through the Gay Welcome website shall create any warranty not expressly made in these terms of service or imposed by law.



10. Limitation of Liability

10.1 Except as required by law, Gay Welcome shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special or consequential losses or damages or loss of profits, data, goodwill, revenue in each case regardless of whether such losses or damages arise in the normal course of events or whether Gay Welcome has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

10.2 Gay Welcome will not be liable for any such losses or damages whether arising in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise arising out of or in connection with this website including without limitation the use or the inability to use Gay Welcome.com, or messages received, or transactions entered into through the Gay Welcome website, or resulting from unauthorised access to or alteration of your transmissions or data.



11. E-Mails

Gay Welcome assumes no responsibility for the deletion of or failure to store e-mail messages or for any problems with its personal home page service. You should be aware that emails you send to us are not necessarily secure when they are transmitted to us. If your communication to us or any third party is sensitive or includes highly confidential information such as credit card number, you may want to provide it by post or via the telephone instead.



12. Termination & Remedies for Breach of these Terms by You

12.1 Gay Welcome will be entitled to restrict, suspend or terminate your membership or deny you access to the Gay Welcome website or take such other action as Gay Welcome deems appropriate if Gay Welcome determines, in its sole discretion, that you are in breach any of the Terms of Service or Gay Welcome considers in its sole discretion that your use of the Gay Welcome website is inappropriate or otherwise unacceptable.

12.2 The restriction, suspension or termination of our service pursuant to this section will be without prejudice to any rights which Gay Welcome may have against you in respect of your breach of these Terms of Service.

12.3 Gay Welcome shall be entitled to disclose your user identity and details if required or requested by the courts or other law enforcement authorities and/or agencies or in such other circumstances as Gay Welcome in its sole discretion considers reasonably necessary or appropriate.



13. Indemnification

You agree to indemnify and hold each of Gay Welcome, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of the Gay Welcome website, the violation of these Terms of Service by you, or the infringement by you, or any other subscriber of your account, or of any intellectual property or other right of any other person or entity.



14. Applicable Law

These Terms of Service shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of United Kingdom and any dispute shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the British courts.



15. Miscellaneous

15.1 In the event that any provision of the Terms of Service conflicts with the law under which the Terms of Service are to be construed or if any such provisions are held invalid by a court with jurisdiction over the parties to the Terms of Service, such provision will at the election of Gay Welcome, be deleted and the remainder of the terms of these Terms of Service will remain in full force and effect.

15.2 Any failure or delay by us to enforce strict performance by you of any of the Terms of Service or to exercise any right under the Terms of Service will not be construed as a waiver to any extent of our rights.

15.3 Gay Welcome may assign its rights and obligations under these Terms of Service and upon such assignment Gay Welcome shall be relieved of any further obligation under these Terms of Service.

15.4 These Terms of Service, any Additional Terms (as defined in section 2 above) and the Privacy Policy constitute the entire understanding between you and us as to your use of the Gay Welcome website and supersede all prior agreements and understandings between us and you.



Our privacy policy

Gay Welcome is a safe and secure e-commerce site. Therefore your privacy is very important to us. This privacy statement explains our data collection, use and safeguard practices concerning the personal information you provide us on our Web site. By using this site, you consent to the data collection practices described in this statement.

When you register as a member of the Gay Welcome website you will be agreeing to be bound by our privacy policy i.e. you agree to our use of any personal information that we may collect from you as a member of the Gay Welcome website as set out in this privacy policy. If you do not give your consent, then please do not register with our website.

Our privacy policy is simple.

1. Collection of Information

Gay Welcome collects the details provided by you on registration together with the information we learn about you through your use of the service. We may collect additional information through your participation in any promotions and competitions offered by us.

2. Subscribers

If you decide not to become a member of the Gay Welcome website but wish to subscribe to one or more of our newsletters we will need to collect your e-mail address in order to send our newsletters to you. We will not use your e-mail address for any other purpose unless you have also opted in elsewhere to receive further information from us.

3. Sensitive Information

We are required by law to advise you that occasionally the selections you make when using our services may indicate information about you that you may regard as sensitive such as the state of your health or your sexual orientation. As with all of the personal information you provide to us, you can be assured that any sensitive information you choose to supply to us will only be used in accordance with this privacy policy.

4. How we use the Information you provide

We use the information we collect to supply our services to you. We may also use your contact details to communicate with you. We may contact you by e-mail, post, text message or telephone. We may use your information to send you information, special offers, promotions, coupons and free samples.

5. Disclosure of your information

Your information may be passed to and used by our group companies.
We do not store credit card details nor do we share customer details with any 3rd parties.
We will not pass your information to anyone else other than successors in title to our business and suppliers that process data on our behalf. Please note that some of our group companies and third party partners may be located overseas in countries which do not have as extensive data protection laws as in the European Union.

6. Other web sites

Where we provide links to third party web sites which are not affiliated with Gay Welcome, even if Gay Welcome branding appears on these sites, such sites are out of our control and are not covered by this Privacy Policy. If you access these sites by using the links provided, the operators of these sites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policy.

7. Cookies

Use of Cookies on our site

A cookie is a text-only string of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computer's hard disk so that the website can remember who you are.

A cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has come, the 'lifetime' of the cookie, and a value, usually a randomly generated unique number.

Two types of cookies are used on this website:


session cookies - temporary cookies that remain in the cookie file of your browser until you leave the site;


persistent cookies - these remain in the cookie file of your browser for much longer (though how long will depend on the lifetime of the specific cookie).


Cookies can help a website to arrange content to match your preferred interests more quickly. Most major websites use cookies.

Cookies cannot be used by themselves to identify you.

How we use cookies on our website and what information we collect

Session cookies:

· To allow you to carry information across pages of our site and avoid having to log-in many times.
· Within registration to allow you to access stored information.

Persistent cookies:

· To help us recognise you as a unique visitor (just a number) when you return to our website and to allow us to tailor content or advertisements to match your preferred interests or to avoid showing you the same adverts repeatedly.

· To compile anonymous, aggregated statistics that allow us to understand how users use our site and to help us improve the structure of our website. We cannot identify you personally in this way.

· Within research surveys to ensure you are not invited to complete a questionnaire too often or after you have already done so.

· To store registration information so that you only have to re-enter your password each time you visit the site.

Third-party cookies:

Third parties serve cookies via this site. These are used for the following purposes:

· To serve advertisements on our site and track whether these advertisements are clicked on by users.
· To control how often you are shown a particular advertisement.
· To tailor content to your preferences.
· To count the number of anonymous users of our site.

Use of web beacons

Some of our web pages may contain electronic images known as web beacons (sometimes known as clear gifs) that allow us to count users who have visited these pages. Web beacons collect only limited information which including a cookie number, time and date of a page view, and a description of the page on which the web beacon resides. We may also carry web beacons placed by third-party advertisers. These beacons do not carry any personally identifiable information and are only used to track the effectiveness of a particular campaign.

Find out more about web beacons

Disabling or enabling cookies

You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings in your browser. However, you may not be able to use all the interactive features of our site if cookies are disabled.

What can I do to manage cookies stored on my computer?

There are a number of ways to manage cookies. If you use different computers in different locations you will need to ensure that each browser is adjusted to suit your cookie preferences.

Some modern browsers have a feature that will analyse website privacy policies and allow a user to control their privacy needs. These are known as 'P3P' features (Privacy Preferences Platform). Find further information on P3P.
You can easily delete any cookies that have been installed in the cookie folder of your browser. For example, if you are using Microsoft Windows Explorer:

· Open 'Windows Explorer'
· Click on the 'Search' button on the tool bar
· Type 'cookie' into the search box for 'Folders and Files'
· Select 'My Computer' in the 'Look In' box
· Click 'Search Now'
· Double click on the folders that are found
· 'Select' any cookie file
· Hit the 'Delete' button on your keyboard

If you are not using Microsoft Windows Explorer, then you should select 'cookies' in the 'Help' function for information on where to find your cookie folder.

What can I do to stop cookies being installed on my browser?

All web browsers enable you to set your cookie preferences before you start surfing.

I like to control which cookies are being set on my browser, but the alerts are rather annoying - is there any way that I can stop them?

The most up-to-date versions of browser technology enable you to set your preferences with more sophistication so that you can choose which cookies to accept or reject. They use a system called P3P (Privacy Preferences Platform) to match your preferences with the privacy policy of a website.



8. Children

We do not allow persons who we know to be 13 or younger to become members of the Gay Welcome website and do not therefore knowingly solicit personal information from persons aged 13 or younger or share such information with third parties. We discourage members under the age of 16 from participating in chat or bulletin boards.

9. Chat Rooms and Bulletin Boards

Please note that our chat rooms and bulletin boards are open to the public and if you choose to disclose personal information in these areas you are consenting to its unrestricted distribution throughout the Gay Welcome website and to and by other the Gay Welcome website members.

10. General

Your personal information will be held and used by us in accordance with EU data protection legislation. You have a right to access the personal information that is held about you. To obtain a copy of the personal information Gay Welcome holds about you please write to the address below enclosing your name, address, and a cheque for 15 Euros payable to GETA Ltd..

We may change this privacy policy from time to time. Any change will take effect once the revised privacy policy is available on the the Gay Welcome website home page.

If you have any queries about this privacy policy, please write to us at feedback@GayWelcome.com or write to us at:

Geta Ltd.
Hill Farm
Leverstock Green Road
Leverstock Green
HP3 8QA
United Kingdom





OUR FAVOURITE HOTELS

Kempinski Hotel River Park Bratislava




Bratislava, Slovakia :
Gay-friendly Hotel


EUROPE'S  HOT SPOTS

Make the most of your trip - check out what to see and do with our Hot Spot Guides.



CITY SLICKERS












SURF & TURF











UPCOMING EVENTS






Clubbing

BEEFMINCE NYE - The Big Dong!

London

31 Dec - 31 Dec, 2017








Clubbing

Red & Blue NYE

Antwerp

31 Dec - 31 Dec, 2016
















ABOUT US:

TRAVELLERS:

HOSTS:

ARTICLES:

HOT SPOTS:



Our Team

Terms & Conditions

Our FaceBook Page

Useful Links

Site Map

Home

Gay Hotels

Hot Spot Guides

LGBT Events

Cruises & Tours


Add YOUR Property

Manage Your Account

GETA

LGBT Media Directory

Contact Us

Articles Home

Gay Cruises

Gay Holidays

Gay Clubbing

Gay Travel

New Hot Spots



Amsterdam

Gran Canaria

Ibiza

London

Mykonos

Sitges





OUR PARTNERS:






