
Gay holidays













PLEASE SIGN IN (OR REGISTER)






Please sign in - so that you can view your Travel File, your Reviews, your 'Voucher Access' status and to manage your account information.



SIGN IN BELOW:

OR REGISTER HERE >





Email:



*



Password:



*










Forgot your password?
Fill in your email address above, and then
CLICK HERE >



Registering allows you to:




TRAVEL FILE:
Save any Places to Stay you like the look of in your own personal 'Travel Fil'e - so that they are never lost.



ADD REVIEWS:
Write reviews of Places to Stay listed on our website.



SAVE VIA VOUCHERS:
Purchase 'Voucher Access' for only €10 per year. You can then view and print out vouchers worth €100s.












































Home

4093 Hotels
﻿




All hotels

Search ALL our gay, actively-gay friendly and gay-friendly accommodation.



Gay-only places


Europe’s exclusively-gay hotels, guesthouses and B&Bs, all on one easy-to-use map.




Nude hotels


Places that allow nudity around the pool and in their garden.




Great offers


Places offering a discount or offer.






Cool hotels


Our favourite chic and trendy gay and very gay-friendly places to stay.




Mediterranean holiday


Hotels, B&Bs and Guesthouses in southern Europe that offer a pool.




Winter sun


Places in the Canary Islands and southern Israel that can guarantee winter sunbathing.




Ski hotels


The top gay and gay-friendly hotels and B&Bs close to the slopes.




69 Holidays
﻿




All cruises, tours & holidays

An introduction to gay cruises, tours and holidays - from huge Atlantis cruises to more intimate trips.



Gay Tour Operators & Travel Agents

Save time and money, and get a better holiday experience, by booking through a gay tour operator or travel agent.






Gay-only cruises


From big Atlantis cruises to more intimate riverboat cruises.




Gay groups on cruises


Expand your cruising options by joining an organised group on a cruise.




Gay tours


Everything from sightseeing tours of Spain to hiking in Croatia.




Gay holidays


Get your party frock ready for a week or two of sun, sex and sand...




16 Hot Spots
﻿





All 'Hot Spot' guides

Browse our growing catalogue of guides to Europe's favorite cities, beach towns and regions - each giving you great tips on what to do, see and where to eat.





Top cities

Amsterdam
,
Barcelona
,
Berlin
,
London
,
Madrid
,
Paris
,
Prague
,
Stockholm
,
Vienna



Top 'surf & turf'

Gran Canaria
,
Ibiza
,
Mykonos
,
Sitges
, 
South of France
,
Tuscany & Northern Italy




414 Events
﻿




All events

Go to our Events Home Page to view all 414 events in Europe coming up over the next 12 months





Search by category


CHOOSE
Bears
Clubbing
Comedy
Cruises (Gay-groups)
Cruises (Gay-only)
Dance
Exhibits
Fashion
Festivals
Film
Holidays (Gay-only)
Leather & Fetish
Lesbian
Music
Opera
Pageants
Pride
Ski Weeks
Sport
Theatre
Tours (Gay-only)




Search by location


CHOOSE
Adriatic Coast
Amsterdam
Antwerp
Athens
Austrian Alps
Barcelona
Benidorm
Berlin
Birmingham
Brighton
Bristol
Brussels
Budapest
Canary Islands
Cardiff
Cologne
Copenhagen
Düsseldorf
Dalmatian Coast
Dublin
Dubrovnik
Eastern Austria
Eastern Germany
Edinburgh
Florence
Frankfurt
French Alps
Gran Canaria
Greek Islands
Hamburg
Hanover
Helsinki
Ibiza
Istanbul
Latvia
Liverpool
London
Madrid
Majorca & Minorca
Manchester
Marseille
Milan
Montpellier
Munich
Mykonos
Nice
North East France
Northern Italy
Northern Spain
Oslo
Paris
Prague
Reykjavik
Rome
Scotland
Seville
Sitges
South East England
South of France
South West England
Southern Netherlands
Southern Sweden
Stockholm
Stuttgart
Swiss Alps
Tel Aviv
Tuscany
Valencia
Venice
Verona
Vienna
Western Austria
Zurich




Search by month


CHOOSE
Jul 2016
Aug 2016
Sep 2016
Oct 2016
Nov 2016
Dec 2016
Jan 2017
Feb 2017
Mar 2017
Apr 2017
May 2017
Jun 2017




Search by key word





Travel News






















NEWS
>
ARTICLES

Gay  holidays in Europe - a booming market







For many gay men and women, the thought of a ‘gay holiday’ sends shudders down their spine.
“Why would I need to spend my holiday with lots of other gay people?”
Despite the reluctance on the part of many, the concept of the ‘gay holiday’ is actually catching on. It’s odd, because as gay people become more accepted, they are eschewing the ‘gay ghetto’ of gay bars and clubs and increasingly mixing with their straight friends. So why are they doing the very opposite when it comes to travel?



Perhaps it’s the appeal of letting your hair down when visiting a strange country. We may feel comfortable in our own cities and towns, but travelling means taking yourself out of your comfort zone, and a gay holiday ensures you’re surrounded by like-minded people. Most gays and lesbians have experienced some form of homophobia whilst abroad, be it incredulity at the check-in desk when they ask for a double bed. Or funny looks and tutting when holding hands around the hotel pool.



Not all gay people’s holidays are gay, of course. But a growing percentage of the gay community are making gay holidays a big part of their travel. Feeling ‘safe’ isn’t the only reason, of course. There’s just something about the ‘gay dynamic’ when you’re on holiday. It’s that ‘birds of a feather’ experience that we all crave now and then. Just as a group of women on a ‘hen do’ might not want their men to come along, or a bunch of straight guys might want to go skiing with ‘just us guys’ - gays and lesbians sometimes just want it to be solely gay affair. It’s a different dynamic - the gay sensibility perhaps, or gay sense of humour - being able to camp (or butch) it up and not have to worry about what others might be thinking. So despite our increasingly enlightened times - the gay holiday looks set to stay. And even thrive.



Europe's Gay Holiday industry

And the gay holiday industry is meeting the challenge. As is often the case, gay holidays took off in a big way first in the USA - where
gay tour
operators and
gay cruise
organisers have been putting together bigger and bigger ‘events’. Atlantis Events’ gay cruises are now huge - with over 5,000 gays (mostly men) partying their way around Caribbean and Mediterranean and many other destinations around the world. The company also runs gay resort weeks. And from the US, gay tour operators also organise
a wide range of gay holidays
all over the world - from gay cooking classes in Thailand to gay biking holidays in France.



The Europeans are starting to catch up, however. Pink Iceland, organised each year from Reykjavik, means you can frolic in the steam baths of ancient volcanoes and ride 4x4s up Icelandic mountains with a group of other gay holiday-makers. Other European gay holidays include ‘Rainbow Fuerteventura’ in the Canary Islands, the Solar Festival in Eilat Israel, or the RYANA gay package holiday in Rhodes.



Gay travel goes niche

As the gay holiday industry balloons, so it starts to fragment. Gay holidays targeted at sub-groups have proliferated - such as gay bear cruises, leather festivals, clubbing weekends (such as the Circuit Party in Barcelona) for the ‘circuit boys’ and Lesbian cruises up the Rhône river in France. Gay ski weeks, which started in the US in places such as Aspen, have crossed the Atlantic - and there are now about 6-8 organised each year in the Alps. Event-based gay holidays are also growing. Gay beauty patents (Mr Gay Europe and Mr Gay World), sports events (the Gay Games, Smashing Pink Tennis), and holidays organised to coincide with gay pride marches, are all catching on.



Gay holiday accommodation

In times gone by, a ‘gay hotel’ conjured up images of doors ajar and orgies by the pool. There are still a fair number of gay guesthouses and B&Bs that offer a very sexual holiday experience, but increasingly gay accommodation is going up-market and down-sexual, with hotels such as the Axel group, the Elysium Hotel in Mykonos and guesthouses such as ‘Cinq & Sept’ in the south of France offering 4 and 5-star accommodation and facilities to gay visitors who want to relax in a convivial atmosphere without a lot of sexual tension. Gay-only accommodation is holding its own, just as gay-friendly hotels, B&Bs and guesthouses proliferate. Gays now zero in on gay-friendly accommodation for trips to cities, for business trips or for their more ‘mainstream’ holidays, while booking into gay-only hotels and guesthouses for when they want that ‘gay holiday’.



Using Gay Welcome to plan a Gay Holiday

Gay Welcome was designed for those of you wanting to organise a gay holiday in Europe. Our
Gay Hotel listings
make it easy to find gay-only, actively gay-friendly and other gay-friendly hotels - across Europe. They give plenty of information on each property, as well as photos. If you’re interested in
Gay Cruises, Gay Tours or Gay Package Holidays
, click the 3rd tab along the top of the site ‘CRUISES / TOURS’. Here you’ll see maps showing all the major gay cruises, tours and holidays planned across Europe, with further details beneath. You can then read up on the continent’s main gay areas in the
Gay Destination Guides
section (4th tab along) - and ensure you find the best bars and clubs, shops and restaurants and things to do. Our
Gay Events
calendar is the biggest in the world - with literally hundreds of events, all easily searchable. If you’re organising a gay holiday, you’ll want to make sure you don’t miss any great gay events that might be on when you visit. And lastly our
Gay Shop
is the perfect place to buy a new swimsuit, travel guide or anything else for your trip.








OUR FAVOURITE HOTELS

Axel Hotel Berlin




Berlin, Germany :
Hotel
,  €59 - €329 / night per night

EUROPE'S  HOT SPOTS

Make the most of your trip - check out what to see and do with our Hot Spot Guides.



CITY SLICKERS












SURF & TURF











UPCOMING EVENTS






Clubbing

She Soho’s New Year’s Eve Party

London

31 Dec - 31 Dec, 2017








Clubbing

Red & Blue NYE

Antwerp

31 Dec - 31 Dec, 2016
















ABOUT US:

TRAVELLERS:

HOSTS:

ARTICLES:

HOT SPOTS:



Our Team

Terms & Conditions

Our FaceBook Page

Useful Links

Site Map

Home

Gay Hotels

Hot Spot Guides

LGBT Events

Cruises & Tours


Add YOUR Property

Manage Your Account

GETA

LGBT Media Directory

Contact Us

Articles Home

Gay Cruises

Gay Holidays

Gay Clubbing

Gay Travel

New Hot Spots



Amsterdam

Gran Canaria

Ibiza

London

Mykonos

Sitges





OUR PARTNERS:








