








Data protection declaration - Schwyz (en) -  Data protection declaration



















Language:
English

Deutsch

French

Italian








Webcams






Villages






Brochures






Contact






Newsletter






Mobility






Apps






Home











Accommodation & conferences




Hotels & pivate rooms



Meetings & conferences



Holiday apartments



Group accommodation



Camping & sleeping on farms



Visitors Card



Offers






Events & news




Top events



Calendar of events



News



Markets






Gastronomy




Authentic Schwyz cuisine



Mountain restaurants



Retaurants Canton Schwyz



GaultMillau awarded restaurants



Exquisite fish cuisine



Bars & Nightlife



Specialties from Schwyz






Art & culture




Museums & exhibitions



Places of interest



Cinema & theatre



Customs



Traditional handcrafts






Adventure & excursions




Mountain excursions



Aqua excursions



Family & adventure



Group activities



Experience the traditions



Nature Reserves






Sport & recreation




Winter



Biking & cycling



Swimming areas & watersports



Day spas



Golf



Indoor sports & Games



Hiking










































Home

Data protection declaration




Accommodation booking








Arrival






Departure







Adults








Region Schwyz

Brunnen

Einsiedeln-Ybrig

Region Rigi

Küssnacht-Merlischachen-Gersau

Morschach-Stoos-Muotathal

Schwyz

Zürichsee





Hotel

Apartment

B&B; / private rooms





»
Special offers















Data protection declaration

Important legal information
Please read the following conditions carefully before continuing. Persons who log on to the schwyz-tourismus.ch website of Schwyz Tourismus signify their agreement to the following conditions.


Copyright and trademark rights

The entire content of the schwyz-tourismus.ch website is copyright protected. All rights are owned by Schwyz Tourismus or third parties. The elements contained on the schwyz-tourismus.ch website are freely accessible for browsing purposes only. Duplication of this material, or parts thereof, in any written or electronic form is permitted only with a specific mention of schwyz-tourismus.ch. Reproduction, transfer, amendment, linking or use of the schwyz-tourismus.ch website for public or commercial purposes is prohibited without the prior written consent of Schwyz Tourismus.
The various names and logos appearing on the schwyz-tourismus.ch site are generally registered and protected trademarks. No part of the schwyz-tourismus.ch is designed in such a way as to grant a licence or right to utilise a picture, registered mark or logo. Downloading or copying the schwyz-tourismus.ch website or parts thereof, confers no rights whatsoever in respect of the software or elements of the schwyz-tourismus.ch website. Schwyz Tourismus reserves all rights in respect of all elements of the schwyz-tourismus.ch website with the exception of rights belonging to third parties.


No warranty
lthough Schwyz Tourismus has taken all possible care to safeguard the reliability of the information contained on the schwyz-tourismus.ch website at the time of its publication, neither Schwyz Tourismus nor its contracting partners can give any explicit or implicit assurance or warranty (including to third parties) in respect of the accuracy, reliability or completeness of the information on schwyz-tourismus.ch. Opinions and other information contained on the schwyz-tourismus.ch website may be changed at any time without prior notice.
Schwyz Tourismus accepts no responsibility and gives no guarantee to the effect that the functions on schwyz-tourismus.ch website will not be interrupted or that the schwyz-tourismus.ch website or the relevant server is or are free from viruses or other harmful contents.


Limitation of liability
All liability of Schwyz Tourismus (including liability for negligence) for direct, indirect or secondary damage suffered as a result of access to the elements of the schwyz-tourismus.ch website or to use of that site or as a consequence of impossibility of access to or use thereof or links to other websites, is hereby declined.


Links to other websites
The schwyz-tourismus.ch website contains links to websites operated by third parties which might be of interest to you. When activating these links you might leave the schwyz-tourismus.ch website or summaries of third-party websites may be displayed within the context of the schwyz-tourismus.ch website. Schwyz Tourismus has not carried out any checks whatsoever on the websites of third parties accessible via links on the schwyz-tourismus.ch website and is in no way responsible for their content or effective operation. This applies regardless of whether when activating the link you leave the schwyz-tourismus.ch website or the display appears within the context of the schwyz-tourismus.ch website, as well as if in the latter case the information provider of an external website is not immediately obvious. Establishing the link or consulting websites operated by third parties is at the sole risk and peril of the user.


Data protection
Schwyz Tourism attaches great importance to data protection. As a visitor to the Schwyz website, you decide which personal data you are willing to disclose to us. However, we wish to call your attention to the fact that by visiting our website and reading the Newsletter you automatically provide us with information which enables us to determine how visitors use our website and Newsletter and which information and offers meet with particular interest. If you register personally or make bookings via our website or request information material or other services, we require personal information about you, such as your name and address. To the extent that such services are provided by third parties, we will pass your data on to the service providers concerned; by giving us your particulars, you automatically authorize us to do so. Otherwise we will treat your personal data in confidence and only process it ourselves or release it to third parties in an anonymized form. Such third parties may also be located abroad. Data processing by ourselves or by third parties is performed solely for the purpose of giving individual information to our customers save where it is used to provide services requested by you and is designed to meet their interests and needs and also used for statistical and marketing purposes for ourselves. Data processing is intended to enable us to design our website and our own service offering to meet the needs of users. However, data processing is also effected, in particular, for market analysis and to ascertain interest in the wide-ranging tourist service offering in Schwyz thereby enabling us to reach conclusions as to the design of this tourist service offering in an appropriate way to satisfy needs and to enable Schwyz tourist businesses to benefit from this knowledge. Any other use of your personal particulars, in particular their sale to third parties, is expressly excluded. As a registered customer you can ask us to provide information on the content of your customer data held by us.


Tracking data
For site optimization and statistics purposes we collect tracking data, which give information about our website users. Such Tracking data, that we collect for Netmetrix and Google Analytics, don't permit a conclusion on individual users.


Cookies
Cookies are small data elements which a website may send your browser to give you better support when using database-assisted systems. However, you can set your browser in such a way that it informs you when you receive a cookie or automatically declines to accept it. You can therefore decide for yourself whether or not you wish to accept. However, non-acceptance of a cookie means that you cannot set up a personal account with schwyz-tourismus.ch or make online hotel bookings.


Your registration (my account)
To access schwyz-tourismus.ch databases, you do not in principle need a personal account. However, such an account does bring a number of advantages, especially if you visit the schwyz-tourismus.ch website frequently. To open an account, we need your email address when you register and a password freely chosen by you.


Transmission of our e-newsletter and emails
Schwyz Tourismus sends out info newsletters containing further information, e.g. on updated websites or special offers by email. If you register for this service, we wish to call your attention to the fact that the emails are generally transmitted in non-encrypted form with the attendant risk that such data may be intercepted and read by third parties.


Opt Out Policy
You may de-subscribe from the schwyz-tourismus.ch newsletter at any time. Each newsletter contains a direct link which enables you to de-subscribe easily and automatically.


General
This page was last amended on 11 January 2012. If you have any questions or remarks about our legal indications or data protection, please contact us at info@schwyz-tourismus.ch.





Favorites














PDF brochure

send E-mail









Gruppen und Schulen …




Pauschal-Angebote …




Geographical map








Special Offers








Events





News















Multimedia



Apps



Photogallery



Videos






Media



Pictures



Press releases (in German)






Useful information



Weather



Webcams



Mobility



Accessible vacation planning






Shop

















Whole region of Schwyz





Arth-Goldau Tourism


Swiss Path

Waldstätterweg




Region Stoos-Muotatal











Einsiedeln / Ybrig











Küssnacht / Merlischachen













City of Schwyz











Brunnen











Lake Zurich - Schwyz











Rigi












© Schwyz Tourismus · Zeughausstrasse 10 · 6430 Schwyz · Tel. +41 (0)41 855 59 50 ·
info@schwyz-tourismus.ch


Inside
|
Sitemap
|
Imprint
|
Privacy Statement








