
Tenancy Terms & Conditions | Amazing
                                                                                                            Accom





















List Your Property



Amazing Deals



My Cart



Contact Us



Login / Sign up



CHF




NZD $



AUD $



USD $



GBP £



EUR €



CHF



HKD $



SGD $



CAD $



JPY ¥



ZAR R










List Your Property



Amazing Deals



My Cart



Contact Us












Toggle navigation












List Your Property



Amazing Deals



My Cart



Contact Us



Login / Sign up



CHF




NZD $



AUD $



USD $



GBP £



EUR €



CHF



HKD $



SGD $



CAD $



JPY ¥



ZAR R


















Find your Amazing Accom here









Select a country
Bali (492)
New Zealand (438)
Australia (365)
Thailand (194)
Greece (177)
Italy (145)
France (93)
Spain (89)
Croatia (74)
Sri Lanka (58)
South Africa (49)
United States (45)
Caribbean (44)
Cook Islands (33)
Mexico (33)
Fiji (27)
United Kingdom (25)
Portugal (19)
Malaysia (18)
India (17)
Vanuatu (16)
Morocco (7)
Vietnam (5)
Brazil (3)
Philippines (3)
Virgin Islands (british) (3)
Netherlands Antilles (2)
Norfolk Island (2)
Tonga (2)
Cyprus (1)
Singapore (1)








Select a region































Search













Terms of tenancy







Management authority







Agent terms







Holiday Tenancy Terms and Conditions

Amazing Accom (AA) is an online accommodation booking and payment website that both Renters and Property Owners/Managers use equally. The two core functions of the website are:

a) To provide Renters with quality accommodation solutions in a safe online environment that is logical, easy to use, and fully automated. When an accommodation booking is completed online, the Renter is automatically connected with the property Owner/Manager to directly organise the check in and arrival time.

b) To provide Property Owners/Managers with a completely automated, safe and logical online environment in which they easily manage and control all aspects of their property listing, in order to get fully automated streamlined bookings.

AA is not a property management company and takes no responsibility for Property Owner/Manager related issues.

This agreement is between the Property Owner/Manager and Renter.
The Renter, and Property Owner/Manager agree with the following Terms of Tenancy.


1. DEFINITIONS

1.1. Terms are defined in clause 20 - If you don't understand or accept a term; phrase; clause; terminology; or anything is this agreement please contact:  Operations@AmazingAccom.com prior to accepting this Terms of Tenancy agreement.

2. PAYMENT

2.1. Deposit payment - If the start date of the Tenancy is more than 60 days from the date of booking the Renter is required to pay 50% of the total rent payable to secure the Accommodation at the time of booking.
3. AVAILABILITY OF ACCOMMODATION
3.1. In the highly unlikely event that the Renter booked and paid online, and then the property Owner/Manager confirms a booking was received from another source at the same time and the accommodation is no longer available for these exact dates, the renter is entitled to a full reversal of the funds received by AA.

Note:

All property Owners/Managers get one chance only, before they are deactivated from AA for breaching clauses 3.1 and 3.2


4. CHANGES TO BOOKINGS

4.1. Within 60 days of the start of the Tenancy all bookings are final, non-refundable, and not transferable.
3.1
3.2
5. CANCELLATIONS
5.1. Cancellation requests must be received the Property Owner/Manager, and AA, at least 60 days before the start of the Tenancy. The Owner/Property Manager will use its best endeavours to ensure that the Accommodation is promptly re-listed as available on the AA website for the period of the cancelled booking.
6. TRANSFER BOOKING
6.1. Renters can transfer a booking to a different time. This entitlement is subject to the following conditions:
7. EVICTION
7.1. In the event of non-payment of rent on the dates agreed, or,  in the event of a breach in any of the Tenancy Terms and Conditions, the Property Owner/Manager is entitled to terminate the Renter's Tenancy. In this case the Owner/Property Manager and AA, will not owe any compensation to the Renter.
8. SECURITY BOND
8.1. The Renter agrees to provide credit card details upon or prior to check-in to the Property. The details are held by the Property Owner/Manager as security against the Renter's failure to perform the obligations set out in clause 9. below. See Renters Promises.
9. RENTERS PROMISES
9.1. The person booking online is a minimum of 21 years of age or older, and at least 50% of all the tenants/occupants will be over the age of 21 years of age. Family groups with Parents present during the duration of the entire Tenancy are exempt from this clause.
10. OWNERS PROMISES
10.1. The property Owner/Manager will provide an Information Booklet/House Rules at the Property   which contains:
11. RENTER'S CHECK-IN AND CHECK-OUT
11.1. Standard c​heck in is from 3pm. Alternative arrangements may be possible but must be requested prior to check in.
12. ACCOMMODATION INSPECTION AT END OF TENANCY
12.1. At the end of the Holiday Tenancy the Property Owner/Manager reserves the right to inspect the Property.
13. INSURANCE AND NO LIABILITY
13.1. The Renter will not do anything that could adversely affect the Property Owner/Manager​’s insurance over the Property.
14. WARNING
14.1. To the fullest extent possible at law, AA does not make any representations or give any express or implied warranties of any kind in relation to any Property ,or any product or service featured on this website. The Renter's use of AA services is at its sole risk.
15. RESOLUTION OF DISPUTES
15.1. Any grievance or complaint leading to a dispute is between the Renter and the Property Owner/Manager. AA will not act on the Renter's or the property Owner/Manager behalf in any dispute.
16. NOTICES
16.1. Notices are required in writing and must be served by email, courier or post.
17. ADDRESS FOR SERVICE
17.1. The parties' addresses and contact details are specified in the booking confirmation email.
18. NO WAIVER AND PARTIAL INVALIDITY
18.1. If the Renter or the Property Owner/ Manager do not exercise or enforce any right available to it under the Terms and Conditions, it does not constitute a waiver of those rights. If any provision of the Terms and Conditions becomes or is held to be invalid, that provision is severed from the remaining Terms and Conditions, which remain in full force and effect.
19. GOVERNING LAW
19.1. The Terms and Conditions are governed and construed in accordance with the laws of New Zealand as AA is a registered New Zealand Company. Renters booking property outside of New Zealand, are still subject to these Terms and Conditions irrespective on what country they reside in.
20. DEFINITIONS

AA
means Amazing Accom (AA) the website and company.
Property
Tenancy
Property Owner / Manager
Reasonable Wear and Tear
Renter/Tenant

Holiday Tenancy Management Authority

Between Amazing Accom Limited (Agent) and Landlord (Registered Proprietor of the Accommodation):

The Landlord, prior to listing Accommodation on the Agent's website and prior to updating its Accommodation details on the website from time to time, agrees with the Agent as follows:

The Landlord, on behalf of all of the legal owners of the Accommodation to be listed on the Amazing Accom website, authorises Amazing Accom Limited to act as its agent on the terms and conditions set out below with respect to any future holiday tenancies of the Accommodation that Amazing Accom book.

I, the Landlord, acknowledge and agree that the terms and conditions on which the Accommodation will be let to tenants are the Holiday Tenancy Terms and Conditions between Landlord and Tenant (Tenancy Terms and Conditions).

I confirm I have read the Tenancy Terms and Conditions, I understand them, I agree with them, and I authorise Amazing Accom Limited to act as my agent in respect of the future operation of them and this Authority.



1. I INSTRUCT AMAZING ACCOM LIMITED AS MY AGENT TO:



1.1 Collect all deposits and balance rent payments owing from time to time from tenants in respect of the Accommodation, and to pay them out in accordance with clause 2 below.

1.2 Market the Accommodation and arrange holiday tenancies.



2. AGENT'S FEES



2.1 The Agent is entitled to be paid and remunerated for its services:


2.1.1 Upon booking confirmation being sent, the Agent is entitled to deduct and bank the non refundable total agreed commission fees payable under the total booking value, from any rents collected (including deposit).
                                    If the Landlord cancels any booking for any reason, the landlord is liable for the total commission fee on the total booking value.
                                    The Agent will choose to either deduct the commission off of future rental earnings payable to the landlord, or invoice the landlord for immediate payment.


2.2 The Agent guarantees to pay the total received amount, (less the agreed Agent's Fees) into my nominated bank account on the 1st working day after that booking/tenant has checked in.
                                This is to ensure the renter gets what they paid for, and one of the many reasons why renters choose to book your accommodation safely through Amazing Accom.
                                However, if the renter does not check into the relative property paid for online, and payment was made by credit card, in this case the Agent cannot release payment until the credit card funds are cleared, and not reversable by the card holder.

2.3 The Agent's Fees are inclusive of New Zealand Good and Services Tax (GST).
                                I am responsible for all other tax payments (if any) to the relevant authorities and according to the laws of my country/region.

2.4 I agree to reimburse the Agent in full for any amount received by the Agent via a tenant’s online payment that MasterCard, Visa, or any credit card company, subsequently reverses through no fault of the Agent.
2.5 International Money Transfer (IMT) payments to the Landlord.
                                The Agent will incur the (IMT) sending costs charged by the Bank of New Zealand (BNZ).
                                The Landlord will incur their relative bank charges/costs for receiving the funds sent.



3. I AGREE:



3.1 To manage my availability calendar 100% accurately and to honor all holiday bookings made through the Agent and its website regardless of the length of time prior to the holiday tenancy the booking was made, and notwithstanding that I may have omitted to block-out dates in the online calendar to reserve the Accommodation for personal or alternative use for the period of occupation of a confirmed holiday tenancy.
                                In the event that I fail to honor a booking, the Agent reserves the right to deduct the Agent's Fees on that dishonored booking from any future earnings I may be owed on any accommodation booked through the Agent.
                                In the event that the Accommodation is removed from the AA site I agree to compensate the Agent its Agent's Fees on any dishonored booking(s) upon being invoiced by the agent.

3.2 To advise the Agent immediately if the Accommodation is put on the market for sale.
                                In the event that the Accommodation is sold prior to the commencement of any and all confirmed holiday tenancies, and the new owner of the Accommodation does not agree to honor the bookings, I agree to refund to the Agent all monies received by me from the Agent in relation to the confirmed holiday bookings, immediately.
                                I agree to compensate the Agent for any loss of Agent's Fees it may suffer as a result of the sale of the Accommodation;

3.3 To keep the Accommodation fully insured against such risks as are normally covered by a comprehensive policy relevant to the type of accommodation and frequency of holiday tenancy use and/or for holiday letting purposes;

3.4 To provide a completed Information Booklet/compendium that contains details relevant to the Accommodation for use by the Tenant, for example:


3.4.1 A trouble-shoot action plan setting out the procedure for the efficient and effective resolution of any problems relating to the Accommodation during the holiday tenancy;

3.4.2 Details of rubbish collection days and times (and recycling requirements) and any additional requirements;

3.4.3 Operational manuals, codes and details for all electronic appliances and devices; and

3.4.4 A list of contact details for preferred tradesman and servicemen and any other contacts that are familiar with the Accommodation and are available to assist with resolving any problems;


3.5 To ensure that, prior to a Tenant's arrival, the interior and exterior of the Accommodation is, in all respects, fit for occupation as a luxury holiday home and meets the high standard required by the Agent and by the tenant booking luxury accommodation through the AA site, and is in accordance with all Accommodation information content posted on the Agent's website;

3.6 That in relation to the photographic and textual material supplied by me to the Agent in relation to the Accommodation (Material), I represent and warrant that:


3.6.1 I own the copyright in the Material; or

3.6.2 I have been authorised by the owner of the copyright in the Material to grant the Agent permission to use the Material as contemplated in this clause;


3.7 I hereby grant the Agent a perpetual, royalty-free licence to use the Material for promotional purposes (including marketing and public relations material throughout the world’s media channels including but not limited to: digital, SEM, SEO, subscription based websites, specialist directories, directories, articles submissions, books, television, and any other sources deemed as advertising, public relations, and/or marketing channels).
                                I irrevocably and unconditionally indemnify the Agent against any cost, loss or liability (including legal costs) which the Agent may incur by reason of any breach of copyright arising from the Agent's use of the Material.
                                I understand that I may not reproduce photographic or textual material from any part of the Agent's website without permission from the relevant copyright owner.

3.8 To always maintain a unique name for the Accommodation.
                                The reason for this is due to the fact that the Agent works on a success fee structure and spends tens of thousands of dollars every month on marketing extensively both domestically and internationally, however if an accommodation has its own website or is listed in other places with the same name as stated on the Amazing Accom website then the Agent’s clients could book direct with me or via an alternative source by using a Search Engine such as Google to find me.
                                This means the Agent would have paid for the client to find me but would not have earned any commission.
                                The agent deserves to be remunerated fairly and according to its terms and conditions.
                                Amazing Accom (AA) reserves the right to change the name of any accommodation at anytime that is in breach of this clause.
                                My honesty in this regard is of paramount importance and any breach by me of this clause may result in suspension or permanent removal from the Amazing Accom website.
                                I understand that once a booking is made online through the Amazing Accom website the Tenant receives notification of the correct legal name of the Accommodation.

3.9 To implement fair pricing.
                                For Accommodation owners whom are not exclusive on Amazing Accom the pricing you set up online here must be equal to or less than what is being charged and/or advertising on other websites and/or being communicated through any other booking channels.
                                This excludes last minute deals that may be done from time to time.



4. I ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE:



4.1 That any dispute regarding the Accommodation including, but not limited to, the condition of the Accommodation and any damages and/or any breakages, is solely between myself and the tenant, and that the Agent will not be involved in any such dispute or be liable to anyone in any way.
                                The Agent recommends that I regularly take and hold a complete and dated photographic record of the Accommodation;

4.2 Accommodation advertised on the Agent's website pertains to one Accommodation only, nor examples of accommodation in a certain region.
                                Only one Accommodation will be represented in an advertisement.
                                The Agent has the right to amend any Accommodation advertisements not adhering to this clause;

4.3 That if the Agent receives substantiated complaints from any number of its site users about a specific Accommodation page misrepresenting the Accommodation, or its surroundings, then the Agent reserves the right to remove the Accommodation page without notice.
                                If I attempt to enter unsuitable material into the online database, or persistently misuse the on-line systems, the Agent has the right to remove the associated Accommodation page(s) from the website.
                                The Agent has the right to refuse or remove any Accommodation page from its website that it considers unsuitable, incomplete or misleading, and will not be liable for any expense in so doing.
                                The Agent has the right to refuse any Accommodation page from its website where the content fails to meet its minimum requirements.
                                If I wish to have my Accommodation page(s) removed from the website, this will be done as soon as the Agent receives formal notice from me by email;

4.4 That in the interests of maintaining a high level of service to users of the website, the Agent requires me to be available to respond to enquiries by telephone or email.
                                If I am unavailable for a period of more than 1 week I will leave an answerphone message to that effect or set up an out of office response on my email account.
                                If neither of these options is viable, I will contact the Agent so it can temporarily suspend my current Accommodation page(s).
                                The Agent reserves the right to suspend my advertisement if I am unreachable for more than 1 week.
                                In this instance the Agent will send messages by telephone and email asking me to request re-activation upon my return.

4.5 That the Agent is acting as my agent at all times and not as principal in the holiday tenancy leasing of the Accommodation; and

4.6 That either party may terminate this agreement by giving two calendar months' notice in writing.
                                In the event that the agreement is cancelled I will honor all future confirmed bookings and agree to pay the Agent its Agent's Fees in respect of all future confirmed bookings.
                                The Accommodation is available to let from the date of I upload the Accommodation to the AA site or as otherwise advised by me in writing/email to the Agent.

4.7 Any notice required to be in writing must be served by one of the following means: personal delivery; posting by ordinary mail, or email.
                                I confirm that I have authority to enter into this agreement on behalf of all other owners of the Accommodation.

4.8 That once an Accommodation has been reviewed by Amazing Accom and /or a renter, Amazing Accom in its sole discretion may choose to keep the Accommodation visible online for up to 12 months even when bookings cannot be taken or the property has been requested to be removed.
                                This is for the purposes of providing fair and transparent info regarding the Accommodation to all future renters whether they come from Amazing Accom or not.
                                The 12 month period starts from the date of booking deactivation.


5. GOVERNING LAW


The Terms and Conditions are governed and construed in accordance with the laws of New Zealand.


6. ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS


Every booking Amazing Accom process and get you requires the person booking online (Renter) to enter into a compulsory and strict
Tenancy Agreement
( See Terms of Tenancy link above), this legal contract is served on your behalf to best protect your asset/accommodation.
                                We understand some Countries, States, and/or Owners/Property Managers may have additional Terms and Conditions that renters need to accept.
                                You can load any of your relative additional Terms and Conditions into the "Conditions" field found under the "Details Tab" area of your accommodation listing - once you have registered online.
                                In the Renters
Terms of Tenancy
agreement clause 5.3 clearly states to the renter that they may be subject to further Terms and Conditions.




Travel Agent Terms & Conditions

Please read these terms and conditions of use ("Terms") carefully before using or obtaining any materials, information, products or services through this Website ("this Site").
                        This Site is available to you strictly on the basis of your acceptance of these Terms.
                        By accessing any content, data, materials, information, products or services through this Site (including without limitation to this Site itself), or by booking any services via this Site you agree you are bound unconditionally by these Terms.
                        If you do not accept all of these Terms, then do not click/tick accept and do not proceed to the registration page.

1. PRICING AVAILABILITY

Pricing and availability of Products are reliant on information supplied to Amazing Accom by Providers and other third parties, and therefore prices and availability are sometimes incorrect.
                        Amazing Accom use all reasonable endeavours to ensure the information on this Site is as accurate and up to date as possible, we do not provide a warranty to that effect.
                        You acknowledge that we have no responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, currency or timeliness of price and availability of information.

2. BOOKING PAYMENTS (DEPOSIT AND FINAL)

2.1. If the start date of the Holiday Tenancy is more than 60 days from the date of booking the Renter is required to pay 50% of the total rent payable to secure the Accommodation at the time of booking.
                        The final balance of 50% must be paid and received by Amazing Accom at least 55 days prior to the start date (check in).
                        A final payment email will be sent to your nominated email address 60 days prior to check in.
                        Failure to pay the final balance will result in the accommodation being offered to other potential renters.

2.2 If the start date of the Holiday Tenancy is within 60 days of the date of booking the Renter is required to pay 100% of the total rent payable to secure the Accommodation at the time of booking.

2.3 If a Renter has booked and paid online and then an owner confirms the price was accidentally incorrect, then the owner can choose to cancel the booking.
                        The Renter can then choose whether to re book or not, and if not would be entitled to a full refund.

3. PAYMENT METHOD OPTIONS

3.1 Amazing Accom(AA) accept Visa, Mastercard, Amex, Bank Transfer, IMT (International Money Transfer), and POLI (for NZ and Australia only).
                        All credit card payments are subject to a 2% credit card surcharge.

3.2 The amount charged to the purchasers credit card will be at the Bank exchange rate on the day and AA does not accept responsibility for any change in prices or variation of services as shown due to exchange rate fluctuations and bank charges which AA has no control over.

3.3 Due to the "live" nature of pricing and availability, all services and prices are subject to change without notice.

4. RESERVATION EMAIL CONFIRMATIONS

Once you have completed a booking we will process this and send you a confirmation via email.
                        Please make sure to add Admin@AmazingAccom.com to your contacts to avoid emails going to your SPAM folder.
                        This confirmation will detail the Property(s) booked, the amount of deposit already paid and when final payment is due.
                        Your booking may be cancelled if the deposit or final payment is not received by the due date.

5. TRAVEL AGENT MARK UP COMMISSION

Agents agree that they will not mark up the price of any Property(s) by more than 25% more than the booking cost.

6. TRAVEL AGENT COMMISSION PAYMENT

Travel Agents will be paid commission on a monthly basis, during the first week of each month after bookings have been COMPLETED (guests have stayed).
                        AA will raise an automated remittance advice for all travel agents.
                        This will be emailed automatically after each and every completed booking as they occur, and we will pay in a lump sum no later than the end of the first week of each month to a bank account nominated by the Travel Agent.
                        AA will incur its own bank transfer fees, whilst the receiving Travel agent will incur any additional fees (if any) when applicable.

7. CHANGES TO BOOKINGS, TRANSFERS, & CANCELLATIONS

7.1 All requests for changes to bookings including cancellations must be in writing by the Renter to the Owner/Property Manager and/or Amazing Accom.

7.2 Within 60 days of the start of the Holiday Tenancy all bookings are final, non-refundable, and not transferable.

Cancellations

7.3 If a cancellation request is received by Amazing Accom or the Owner/Property Manager at least 60 days before the start of the Holiday Tenancy, the Owner/Property Manager will use its best endeavours to ensure that the Accommodation is promptly relisted on AmazingAccom.com for the period of the cancelled booking.

7.4 If the Accommodation is re-booked by a third party for part or all of the cancelled booking the Renter will be reimbursed for those nights that are re-booked, less Amazing Accom's fees on the total value of the original cancelled booking.
                        Amazing Accom's fees are agreed between the Owner/Property Manager and Amazing Accom – see Amazing Accom Agreement with Owner/Property Manager.

7.5 If the cancelled booking is not re-booked as contemplated in clause 3.4 above, the Owner/Property Manager will not refund any amount paid, and the Renter is not entitled to compensation in relation to the cancelled booking.

7.6 Some Owner/Property Managers require the Renter to agree to further terms and conditions specific to its accommodation at the time of booking.
                        If the Renter does not wish to be bound by an Owner/Property Manager's additional terms and conditions for any reason, then the Renter can cancel the booking and Amazing Accom will refund the Renter in full subject to Amazing Accom receiving notice in writing from the Renter within 5 working days of the completion of the online booking process.

Transfer booking

7.7 Renters can transfer a booking to a different time.
                        This entitlement is subject to the following conditions:

7.7.1 The new booking is for the same Accommodation/property.

7.7.2 The request for transfer is received in writing by Amazing Accom on or prior to the date that is 60 days prior to the commencement date of the original booking;

7.7.3 The new booking is completed within one year from the commencement date of the original booking date;

7.7.4 The total amount of rent payable by the Renter on the new booking is equal to or greater than the total rent payable on the original booking.
                        If the rent payable on the new booking is less there will be no refund for the difference.
                        Conversely, the Renter will pay the difference if the rent for the new booking is more.
                        Any amount previously paid by the Renter in relation to the original booking will be credited to the new booking; and

7.7.5 The Renter has one free of charge transfer admin fee, however any additional changes/transfers incur a $100 NZD plus GST administration fee.

7.8 The Renter will not receive any refund if it vacates the Accommodation early.

7.9 When transferring a booking to a later future date than the original booking date, any amounts not paid relative to the original total booking value must be settled in full as per original booking and notified due dates.
                        Once full payment is made the booking can be transferred to the nominated dates.
                        New dates must be nominated at the time of transfer.

8. BOOKING PORTAL

Amazing Accom (AA) acts as booking portal only and does not provide the Product.
                        Your agreement for any Accommodations booked by you using this site is with the relevant accommodation Provider and upon the terms and conditions applied by them.
                        We make no warranty as to the Accommodations whatsoever and all services and products supplied by the Providers.

9. SITE AVAILABILITY

AA will use reasonable commercial efforts to keep this Site available on a 24 hour 7 day a week basis, subject to scheduled and unscheduled downtime for maintenance, and system outages.
                        Your access to this Site may not be uninterrupted or available at all times.
                        AA cannot promise that this Site will be error-free, that defects or errors will be corrected or that this Site or the servers that make it available are free from viruses or other harmful components.

10. RESPONSIBILITY FOR CONFIDENTIALLY OF ACCOUNT INFORMATION

If you use this Site and maintain a profile customised to your needs, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your login password, which has been provided to you.
                        You accept responsibility for all activity that occurs on this Site where access is obtained using your password.
                        If you are concerned that the security of your password may have been compromised, we recommend that you immediately change your password.






Amazing Accom


Promise to Renters

AA Blog




Join Us


List my Property

I'm a Renter/Tenant

I Want Amazing Deals





Help


Contact Us





Legal Docs


Holiday Tenancy

Booking Mgmt Authority

Travel Agent Terms

Website T&Cs;





Amazing Deals


Queenstown
                                                                                                                      Deals



Waiheke
                                                                                                                          Island
                                                                                                                          Deals


Bali Deals

Vanuatu Deals

Thailand Deals




Payment










Amazing Accom are experts in luxury holiday houses, homes, villas & apartments for rent in 30
                    countries worldwide.
                    Specializing in safe, fast and easy online bookings for luxury holiday houses, villas and
                    apartments. Free unbiased
                    advice and help for both renters and property owners. All prices listed on Amazing Accom are equal
                    to or less than
                    what is shown on other websites. We ensure that renter and owner funds and payments are 100% safe
                    and secure.



Connect With Us
































© Copyright 2017
AmazingAccom Limited



Sign up to our newsletter





*
indicates required


Email Address
*




First Name




Last Name














© Copyright 2017 AmazingAccom Limited





















Existing Members

Login to your Amazing Accom account here.



Email Address








Password









Keep me logged in






Forgot your password?














New Registrations

If you are new to Amazing Accom please register here.

I wish to register as:



A Renter


A Property Owner/Manager


A Travel Agent






First Name








Last Name








Email Address





The email address you have entered already exists.

Please log in using the login form to the left. If you have forgotten your password, or have not created one plese click the button below to create a new password.

Create or Reset Password







Phone








Company name








Password








Password (verify)









I Agree to
Terms & Conditions






























html






Log in





Username or email address




















Reset your password



Close







