
Website Terms & Conditions | Amazing
                                                                                                            Accom





















List Your Property



Amazing Deals



My Cart



Contact Us



Login / Sign up



JPY




NZD $



AUD $



USD $



GBP £



EUR €



CHF



HKD $



SGD $



CAD $



JPY ¥



ZAR R










List Your Property



Amazing Deals



My Cart



Contact Us












Toggle navigation












List Your Property



Amazing Deals



My Cart



Contact Us



Login / Sign up



JPY




NZD $



AUD $



USD $



GBP £



EUR €



CHF



HKD $



SGD $



CAD $



JPY ¥



ZAR R


















Find your Amazing Accom here









Select a country
Bali (492)
New Zealand (438)
Australia (365)
Thailand (194)
Greece (177)
Italy (145)
France (93)
Spain (89)
Croatia (74)
Sri Lanka (58)
South Africa (49)
United States (45)
Caribbean (44)
Cook Islands (33)
Mexico (33)
Fiji (27)
United Kingdom (25)
Portugal (19)
Malaysia (18)
India (17)
Vanuatu (16)
Morocco (7)
Vietnam (5)
Brazil (3)
Philippines (3)
Virgin Islands (british) (3)
Netherlands Antilles (2)
Norfolk Island (2)
Tonga (2)
Cyprus (1)
Singapore (1)








Select a region































Search








WEBSITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS

By accessing and using this website you agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION

Capitalised terms have the same meaning as set out in the Holiday Tenancy Terms and Conditions. Other defined terms in this agreement are capitalised in italics and brackets immediately following the defined term.

2. RESPONSIBILITY FOR ACCURACY AND CURRENCY OF ACCOMMODATION INFORMATION

Amazing Accom (AA) makes no representation as to the accuracy or currency of the information contained on this website. The content of the Accommodation information is the sole responsibility of the Owner/Property Manager of the Accommodation. AA has not confirmed the currency or accuracy of the content of the Accommodation information and you are strongly recommended to make your own investigations into the authenticity of any information supplied. The placement of the Accommodation on the website does not constitute an endorsement or recommendation by AA for the Accommodation advertised. AA is in no way liable for any inaccuracies or misleading statements made in the information provided by Owner/Property Manager. AA does not warrant that the services provided will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error free, or that any information, (including listings, feedback and guest books) provided on the Site are error-free or reliable.

3. USE OF THE SITE

3.1. You may only use this site to book nights at a holiday Accommodation if you can form a legally binding contract that is enforceable against you.

3.2. You agree to provide complete, accurate and current personal information when booking Accommodation.

3.3. You agree not to use this website for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by the terms and conditions on this website or by any other applicable laws and regulations. You irrevocably and unconditionally indemnify AA from any loss or damage or costs in connection with any breach of the terms and conditions on this website or any other legal obligation by you and your use of, or conduct on this website.

4. COPYRIGHT PROTECTION

All photographic and textual material and software on this website is copyright protected.
            Other than using it for your own personal use the material and software may not otherwise be used or copied without the prior written approval of AA.

5. CHANGES TO SITE AND UNAVAILABILITY OF SITE

5.1. AA may change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of this website at any time, including the availability of any feature, database, or content, where it has legal, commercial, technical or any other reason to do so.
            AA may also impose limits on certain features or services or restrict your access to parts or all of the website for any reason.
            You agree that AA will not be liable to you or any third party as a result of such modification or discontinuation.

5.2. There may be times when the website becomes inaccessible as a result of technical difficulties experienced by AA or on the internet.
            AA will use reasonable skill and care to overcome these difficulties where it is within its control to do so.
            AA does not guarantee continuous access to this website or any of its specific features.

6. LIABILITY

AA does not warrant that the operation of this website will be uninterrupted or error free.
            In no event will AA become liable to a user of the website in respect of any loss or damage, special or consequential, and whether arising in tort (including negligence or breach of statutory duty), contract or otherwise, which may be suffered by a user as a direct or indirect result of any breach by AA of any of its obligations or warranties under these terms and conditions, or as the result of any negligence or other act or omission of AA.
            No advice or information that is obtained by you from AA or anyone else will create any warranty by AA that is not expressly stated in these terms and conditions.

7. PRIVACY

For information on how we deal with your personal information please refer to our
Privacy Policy.


8. EXTERNAL LINKS

AA reserves the right to remove from its website any email address, link to external website or other item or feature which either does not conform to the guidelines provided, or which AA in its sole discretion decides is inappropriate, or acts against AA’s best interests. In accordance with internet protocol, AA requires you to request its permission to link to this website.


9. CHANGES TO PRICING AND TERMS AND CONDITIONS


Rates/Prices can change in an instant and terms and conditions can be updated.
            Any new rates and terms and conditions will be applicable from the time of update.

10. GOVERNING LAW

The terms and conditions of this website are governed and construed in accordance with the laws of New Zealand.


PRIVACY POLICY

Your privacy on the Internet is important to AA.
            Because the Internet offers the ability to collect certain types of information about users, we want you to understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of any information we gather.
            This privacy policy explains how we handle and protect your information in accordance with commonly accepted privacy principles.

For information about the New Zealand Privacy Act and how it protects all personal information in New Zealand, visit
www.privacy.org.nz
.

What information we collect

We only obtain information that we reasonably require to do business with you.
            This may include:




Personal information provided by you; and



Aggregated information generated by our systems or third party systems which track traffic to our site but does not relate to you personally.




Aggregated information includes "cookies".
            Cookies are pieces of information that our web page transfers to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes.
            Cookies can make the web more useful by storing information about your preferences on a particular site.
            The use of cookies is an industry standard and many websites use them to provide useful features for you.
            Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify you, only your computer.
            We may use a cookie file containing information that can identify the computer you are working from.
            The cookie file is anonymous as it only gives us details of your IP address, PC platform, Browser and domain.
            We may use the information generated by cookies to:




Track traffic patterns to and from our site including information like the pages you visit, the time you spend on each page, the date and time of your visit, and referring pages (pages you came from or go to);



Ensure advertising is being shown to the most appropriate person and limit the frequency of display for certain ad formats; and



Enable you to enter our site and use certain services as a member without having to log on each time and to visit member-restricted areas of the site.





You can choose to refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser and/or deleting them from your hard drive.
            You do not need to have cookies turned on to use our website, but you may need them for customisable areas of the site that we may develop in the future.
            If your cookies are turned off we will not have any control over the frequency of display of certain formats.
            This could affect your reading experience.

How we use your personal information

We use your personal information only for the purpose of responding to and fulfilling your requests for our products and services.
When making a booking with us you are required to register your details with us.
            This is done to reduce the information you need to type when you next make a booking with us and for us and you to organise and manage your bookings.
            Your full name, email address, phone numbers and your decision to opt in or out of receiving our email communications are the only details stored at this point.
            We then add details of every accommodation you attempt to book and details of your past, present and future bookings to your online account for your future reference and to assist you in managing your bookings.
When confirming a booking you are required to enter your credit card number, expiry date, name on the card and card security code.
            We use Direct Payment Solutions ("DPS") Payment Express system. To view DPS's privacy policy and to access general information about DPS system visit:
https://www.paymentexpress.com/About/About_DPS/Privacy_Policy.aspx
Personal information collected on our site may be used:




For verification of your identity and assisting you in case you forget your password or login details for our registration services;



For authorising and processing credit card transactions which you enter into online and to deliver your booking confirmation electronically;



To assist in providing the services requested by you and to contact you when you submit a question or suggestion;



To contact you about your stay for customer service purposes or to make any changes or cancellations to your booking;



To provide further information to you about other websites and services which we consider may be of interest to you;



For future marketing, promotional and publicity purposes, including to carry out direct marketing, market research and surveys;



For ensuring that you are shown the advertising and information that is most relevant to you and your interests; and



For any other uses that you authorise.




Who we share that information with

We do not disclose any information about customer bookings to anyone except our accommodation suppliers.
We provide our accommodation suppliers with the guest name, telephone number and email address for each booking made to the relevant accommodation supplier.
            Our accommodation suppliers require this information for the booking and may use it if they need to contact you about the booking.
            Although we offer accommodation from reputable accommodation suppliers, we have not placed specific limitations on these suppliers from using or disclosing your information without your permission.
            Therefore, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of any suppliers whose accommodation you book on our website.
We may also disclose:




All information that we gather, including your personal information to AA and its related companies;



Aggregated tracking information and other information that does not personally identify you, to third parties such as our partners;



Your personal information to third parties when we believe in good faith that we are required to do so by law;



Your personal information to third parties provided we have your prior authorisation, which we will usually obtain at the time of collecting the information from you.




How we keep your information safe

You have control over the collection of any personal information that you provide to us and the right to access and correct that information.
            We offer you the ability to correct or change the information collected at any time and as often as necessary.




Here's how you can control and have access to your information:







Go to the "Settings" section of your account after logging in and change your details as required; or



Send an email to admin@amazingaccom.com advising that you would like to unsubscribe or change your contact details.
                        Be sure to include details of your old and new contact details for changes.







If at any time you would like to change your email address or your phone number or unsubscribe from our offer to contact you in the future about our offers, you can:



Booking information







If at any time you would like to alter the information you provided us in your booking, please contact us.




Changes to Policy

We reserve the right to change this policy at any time and for any reason.
If you have any questions about how our services work or regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact our Privacy Officer, Campbell Bevan, by email (
cam@amazingaccom.co.nz
) or by mail to Level 1, 262 Thorndon Quay, Pipitea, Wellington, New Zealand.







Amazing Accom


Promise to Renters

AA Blog




Join Us


List my Property

I'm a Renter/Tenant

I Want Amazing Deals





Help


Contact Us





Legal Docs


Holiday Tenancy

Booking Mgmt Authority

Travel Agent Terms

Website T&Cs;





Amazing Deals


Queenstown
                                                                                                                      Deals



Waiheke
                                                                                                                          Island
                                                                                                                          Deals


Bali Deals

Vanuatu Deals

Thailand Deals




Payment










Amazing Accom are experts in luxury holiday houses, homes, villas & apartments for rent in 30
                    countries worldwide.
                    Specializing in safe, fast and easy online bookings for luxury holiday houses, villas and
                    apartments. Free unbiased
                    advice and help for both renters and property owners. All prices listed on Amazing Accom are equal
                    to or less than
                    what is shown on other websites. We ensure that renter and owner funds and payments are 100% safe
                    and secure.



Connect With Us
































© Copyright 2017
AmazingAccom Limited



Sign up to our newsletter





*
indicates required


Email Address
*




First Name




Last Name














© Copyright 2017 AmazingAccom Limited






















Existing Members

Login to your Amazing Accom account here.



Email Address








Password









Keep me logged in






Forgot your password?














New Registrations

If you are new to Amazing Accom please register here.

I wish to register as:



A Renter


A Property Owner/Manager


A Travel Agent






First Name








Last Name








Email Address





The email address you have entered already exists.

Please log in using the login form to the left. If you have forgotten your password, or have not created one plese click the button below to create a new password.

Create or Reset Password







Phone








Company name








Password








Password (verify)









I Agree to
Terms & Conditions































html






Log in





Username or email address





















Reset your password



Close





























