
Hostels.com | Privacy Policy & Security Statement










if gte IE 8




endif




























Euro

US Dollar

British Pound

Albanian Lek

Algerian Dinar

Argentine Peso

Armenian Dram

Australian Dollar

Azerbaijan New Manat

Bahamian Dollar

Bahraini Dinar

Bangladeshi Taka

Belize Dollar

Bolivian Boliviano

Brazilian Real

Brunei Dollar

Cambodian Riel

Canadian Dollar

CFA Franc BCEAO

CFA Franc BEAC

CFP Franc

Chilean Peso

Chinese Yuan Renminbi

Colombian Peso

Comoros Franc

Costa Rican Colon

Croatian Kuna

CUC

Czech Koruna

Danish Krone

Djibouti Franc

Dominican R. Peso

East Caribbean Dollar

Egyptian Pound

Fiji Dollar

Honduran Lempira

Hong Kong Dollar

Hungarian Forint

Iceland Krona

Indian Rupee

Indonesian Rupiah

IRR

Israeli New Shekel

Japanese Yen

Jordanian Dinar

Kazakhstan Tenge

Kenyan Shilling

Kuwaiti Dinar

Kyrgyzstanian Som

Lao Kip

Lebanese Pound

Malaysian Ringgit

Mauritanian Ouguiya

Mauritius Rupee

Mexican Peso

Mongolian Tugrik

Moroccan Dirham

Namibia Dollar

Nepalese Rupee

New Zealand Dollar

Nicaraguan Cordoba Oro

Norwegian Kroner

Omani Rial

Pakistan Rupee

Papua New Guinea Kina

Paraguay Guarani

Peruvian Nuevo Sol

Philippine Peso

Polish Zloty

Qatari Rial

Romanian New Lei

Russian Rouble

Rwandan Franc

Samoan Tala

Saudi Riyal

Singapore Dollar

Somali Shilling

South African Rand

South-Korean Won

Sri Lanka Rupee

Swaziland Lilangeni

Swedish Krona

Swiss Franc

Taiwan Dollar

Tanzanian Shilling

Thai Baht

Tonga Pa'anga

Trinidad/Tobago Dollar

Tunisian Dinar

Turkish Lira

Uganda Shilling

Ukraine Hryvnia

Uruguayan Peso

Utd. Arab Emir. Dirham

Vanuatu Vatu

Venezuelan Bolivar

Vietnamese Dong






Currency:






English

Français

Español

Deutsch

Italiano

한국어






It looks like your preferred language is English.

Click here to change language










Sign In










Forgotten your password?

OR

Sign Up Now!















Password:






Email Address:






























Home


Groups


Hostels



Guides




City Guides

Videos

Podcasts

Maps

Travel Features






Blog


My Bookings

























Home

\

Privacy









Hostels.com Privacy and Security Statement

Hostels.com has been processing online hostel reservations since 2003 and we have always placed the security of our internet transactions and our customers credit card details as our top priority.

We will continue to offer our customers the highest level of security available for online transactions and hope this reassures you when you make your reservations with us.

All sensitive information exchanged between your computer and our site is encrypted using SSL. Our SSL Certificate is provided by GlobalSign. This ensures that your information is transmitted securely and is safe from third parties. Please read on for more information on site encryption.

SITE ENCRYPTION

Hostels.com utilizes a technology called SSL (Secure Sockets Layer). SSL is a set of rules followed by computers connected to the Internet.
Encryption - These rules include encryption, which guards against eavesdropping
Data Integrity - Data integrity, which ensures that your communications are not tampered with during transmission and
Authentication - authentication, which verifies that the party who receives your communication are who they claim to be.

HOW ENCRYPTION WORKS

There are two levels of encryption: 40-bit and 128-bit. With 40-bit encryption, there are billions of possible keys to decipher the coded information, and only one of them works. Someone intercepting the information would have to find the right key - a nearly impossible task. With 128-bit encryption, there are 300 billion trillion times as many keys as with 40-bit encryption. It is virtually impossible for an unauthorized party to find the right key, even if they are equipped with the best computers.

If you're about to send information to a site that's not using SSL, your browser will warn you first.   SSL protects your communications during transmission. Because of the authentication involved, secure servers are slower than the regular server for delivering files. Therefore SSL is only used when transmitting sensitive information across the web.

PRIVACY POLICY

Hostels.com realises some people are unsure about entering their personal details into websites over the Internet. Below, we explain how we use your information and how we protect your privacy. Hostels.com and its associated companies respect and protect your right to privacy in relation to your interactions with this website. Any information which is provided by you to Hostels.com via this website or otherwise will be treated in accordance with the terms of the Irish Data Protection Acts, 1988 and 2003 and/or such amending or replacement legislation as may be adopted in Ireland from time to time.

INFORMATION REQUIRED TO PROCESS YOUR BOOKING

For us to process a booking for you on behalf of a travel services provider, we require some information from you. This includes your name, nationality, your gender (or the gender of the group you are in), your phone number and email address. Also, since we confirm your booking while you are on the site, we require your credit or debit card details so we can guarantee your beds when you pay your deposit.

WHO SEES YOUR INFORMATION

We are required to send your information to the travel services provider with which you booked travel services so that the travel service provider knows who you are and when you will use its travel services. We give your name, your nationality, your gender (or the gender of the group you are in), your phone number, your email address, your credit card details and of course, the details of your booking. The travel service provider requires this information to accept a confirmed booking from you. All travel service providers on whose behalf we facilitate bookings have agreed to the Hostels.com terms and conditions and accept this privacy policy.

SECURITY

All sensitive information exchanged between your computer and our site is encrypted using SSL. Our SSL Cert. is provided by GlobalSign. This ensures that your information is transmitted securely and is safe from third parties.
You should be aware that where you link to another website from this website, that Hostels.com has no control over that other website. Accordingly, Hostels.com cannot guarantee that the controller of that web site will respect your privacy in the same manner as Hostels.com.

HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION

In addition to the use and disclosure of information which is required when you avail of our travel related and data processing services (and which we describe above), we use your email address for sending you a confirmation of your bookings, pre-trip reminder e-mails, an email reminder to provide a guest review of your last accommodation stay, or occasionally to inform you of new features on Hostels.com. Our booking confirmation and pre-trip reminder emails may contain banner advertising. We only use your phone number to contact you urgently if there is a problem with your booking. In circumstances where you contact us with a query, we use your contact details in order to respond to your query.
In the event that you choose to purchase a Lonely Planet Digital Guide on Hostels.com, you will be authorising Hostels.com to pass your email address and country of residence to Lonely Planet so that Lonely Planet can deliver the Lonely Planet Digital Guide purchased by you from Lonely Planet.
In the event that you choose to use Quick Search to obtain a quote from one of our travel services partners, you will be authorising Hostels.com to pass certain details, as have been entered by you, through to these partners. These details will not contain personally identifying information.
When you consent to becoming a Hostels.com SmartSavers subscriber, you also agree to receive newsletters and other promotional messages from Hostels.com and related websites operated by Hostelword.com Limited. The promotional messages will include details of related services of Hostelworld.com Limited which may be of interest to you. You will be given the opportunity to unsubscribe from these newsletters and other promotional messages both at the time you become a subscriber and in every e-mail that we send.
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your information is relevant to its intended use, and that it is accurate and up to date. As a registered Hostels.com subscriber, you can access and update your contact information, personal preferences and e-mail subscription choices at any time by visiting the MyAccount tab on the My Bookings page on the Hostels.com website. The information that you submit helps us to make your emails more useful, interesting and relevant to you.
We use cookies and pixel tags on our website, mobile phone applications and in our e-mails in accordance with our Cookie Policy, which is available
here
.
You may disable the use of cookies through your browser’s settings. By accessing and using our website without changing your browser’s cookie settings, you are consenting to our use of such cookies
In the event that you choose to participate in our Member-Get-Member program, we will only use information about your referred friends to invite them to subscribe to our email newsletters and email offers and, if they subscribe, for any other purpose notified to them at the time of subscription.
On occasions, we may supply statistics about our customers to third-parties such as hostels or other agents. These statistics never contain personally identifying information.
We would not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your prior consent.

TARGETED ADVERTISING

We want to make it easy for you to take advantage of the travel related opportunities which we feature on our website.  We work with our advertising partners in order to try and ensure that when you see a Hostelworld advert it will be relevant to you and your interests.  This applies to adverts that are displayed on Hostelworld’s own websites, in Hostelworld emails, and on websites owned by third parties.  We do this by allowing our third party advertisers to collect non-personally identifiable information about your visit to our website, such as the pages you visit on our website and the locations you appear to be interested in.  We also provide third party advertisers with non-personally identifiable information that we collect about you when you use our website in order to only show you relevant adverts.  We may also use such information in order to avoid showing you adverts on third party websites like Facebook and Twitter if we don’t think you will be interested in them.
When we share your information with third party advertisers we always ensure that we do so in compliance with our obligations under data protection law.  We may use technologies such as “hashing” to ensure that we do not provide our third party service providers with your personal data.  For more information on how our third party advertising service providers gather information about your use of this website, please refer to our cookies policy which is available
here
.
Some of our third party advertising partners ask us to make you aware of their privacy policies. These policies are available by following the links below:

Facebook

Twitter

Criteo

Google

REVIEWS

We offer you the opportunity to post reviews of the accommodation you book through our site. Where you provide us with a review, we may include your review on our websites and on selected partner sites.

YOUR ACCESS AND AMENDMENT RIGHTS

You have the right to request a copy of the information which we hold about you (for which we may charge you a small fee) and to have inaccuracies in the information corrected. If you wish to avail of any of these rights, please contact us at
customerservice@hostels.com

LIMITATION AND EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY

Hostels.com, ITS DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SERVANTS AND AGENTS, AFFILIATES OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVES AND THEIR RESPECTIVE PARENT AND SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE IN RESPECT OF ANY CLAIMS, EMERGENCIES, DEMANDS, CAUSES OF ACTION, DAMAGES, LOSSES, EXPENSES INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, REASONABLE ATTORNEY FEES AND COSTS OF PROCEEDINGS ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE AND/OR DISSEMINATION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION RELATING TO YOU IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND YOUR CONSENT.

AMENDMENT OF PRIVACY AND SECURITY STATEMENT

Hostels.com reserves the right in its sole discretion to amend this Privacy and Security Statement at any time and you should regularly check this privacy policy for any amendments. However, where any such amendments would materially change the use we make of any personal data, any such amendment will be subject to your prior consent.








City Guides and Information

Video guides, travel podcasts, city maps & free city guides. What to eat, where to stay and things to do and see - our travel guides have it all.

Find a guide »



Latest Blog Post

We want to make sure that you get to explore as much of Paris as possible and that includes the nightlife scene. We've compiled some of the best places in Paris to check out if ...

Read more »



Great Value and Choice

We offer the most comprehensive selection of hostels on the internet with over 33,000 great places to stay in 170 countries. The ultimate online resource for hostels everywhere.

Find great value hostels »








Explore:







View all continents »



View all top countries in North America »



View all top countries in South America »



View all top countries in Europe »



View all top countries in Asia »



View all top countries in Oceania »



View all top countries in Africa »




Worldwide





North America





South America





Europe





Asia





Oceania





Africa






Australia

Austria

Belgium

Canada

Czech Republic

England

France

Germany

Greece

Ireland

Italy

Japan

Netherlands

Portugal

Scotland

Spain

USA






Bahamas

Belize

Canada

Costa Rica

Cuba

Dominican Republic

El Salvador

Guadeloupe

Guatemala

Honduras

Jamaica

Mexico

Nicaragua

Panama

Trinidad And Tobago

US Virgin Islands

USA






Argentina

Aruba

Bolivia

Brazil

Chile

Colombia

Ecuador

Guyana

Martinique

Netherlands Antilles

Paraguay

Peru

Puerto Rico

Saint Lucia

Suriname

Uruguay

Venezuela






Austria

Belgium

Czech Republic

England

France

Germany

Greece

Hungary

Ireland

Italy

Netherlands

Poland

Portugal

Scotland

Spain

Sweden

Switzerland






Cambodia

China

Hong Kong

India

Indonesia

Israel

Japan

Malaysia

Myanmar

Nepal

Philippines

Singapore

South Korea

Sri Lanka

Taiwan

Thailand

Vietnam






Australia

Cook Islands

Fiji

French Polynesia

New Zealand

Northern Mariana Islands

Palau

Samoa

Tonga

Vanuatu






Cape Verde

Egypt

Ethiopia

Ghana

Kenya

Madagascar

Mauritius

Morocco

Namibia

Rwanda

Senegal

South Africa

Swaziland

Tanzania

Uganda

Zambia

Zimbabwe








North America





South America





Europe





Asia





Oceania





Africa












Hostels.com in your language:

English

Français

Español

Deutsch

Italiano

한국어




Safe & Secure Checkout:






Social Media:

Hostels.com on Facebook

Hostels.com on Twitter

Hostels.com on Google+

Hostels.com on Pinterest

Hostels.com on YouTube

Hostels.com on Flickr





Hostels.com on your Mobile:

Mobile Site



More on Hostels.com:

FAQ

About Us

Hostel Sign Up

Site Map












Contact Us





© Hostelworld.com Ltd.
1999-2017
Security & Privacy

Terms & Conditions

























