




Sign Up

Wherever you travel in the world, Hostels.com SmartSavers membership offers you exclusive savings on accommodation, regular alerts about deals, monthly e-newsletters, and great value on other travel services. Sign-up for your free Hostels.com SmartSavers membership and start saving today!




Your details:




First Name:
*











Last Name:
*











Email Address:
*











Confirm Email:
*











Password:
*











Confirm Password:
*

















Tell us more about yourself:





Gender:





Please Select

Male

Female







Age Group:





Please Select

18 - 24

25 - 30

31 - 40

41+







I am:





Please Select

Employed

Student / On a Gap Year

Semi-Retired / Retired

Other







I usually travel:





Please Select

Solo

In a couple

In an all-male group

In an all-female group

In a mixed group







My usual holiday:





Please Select

Student Holiday

Gap Year

Trip around the world

Annual Vacation

Short getaway

Other





















Hostels.com Terms & Conditions
By entering your e-mail address here, you are signing up as a member of Hostels.com SmartSavers. In order to benefit from our "No Service Charge" promotion and other member offers, you agree to accept the Hostels.com Terms and Conditions, which are available
here
(the “Terms”). The Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and Hostelworld.com Limited trading as Hostels.com ("Hostels.com"). By clicking "Sign Up Now", you consent to be bound by the Terms.  Please note that the following terms and conditions, which are set out in the Terms, govern the SmartSavers scheme: 1. As a Hostels.com SmartSavers member, you will be entitled to pay No Service Charge for reservations made on Hostels.com for a limited period.  The service charge element of your reservation is US$2/€1.50/£1 per reservation. 2. Hostels.com reserves the right to end this No Service Charge promotion at any stage. 3. By signing up as a Hostels.com SmartSavers member, you also agree to receive special offers via email from Hostels.com from time to time. These mailings will always come from Hostels.com and we will never sell your personal information to a 3rd party. 4. You will be entitled to unsubscribe to these email offers or any direct mailings from Hostels.com at any time. 5. Hostels.com reserves the right to change membership entitlements at any time.








I accept the
Terms & Conditions
to pay no booking fees.








I just want an account, I don't mind the booking fees.









































