
Hostels.com | FAQs










if gte IE 8




endif




























Euro

US Dollar

British Pound

Albanian Lek

Algerian Dinar

Argentine Peso

Armenian Dram

Australian Dollar

Azerbaijan New Manat

Bahamian Dollar

Bahraini Dinar

Bangladeshi Taka

Belize Dollar

Bolivian Boliviano

Brazilian Real

Brunei Dollar

Cambodian Riel

Canadian Dollar

CFA Franc BCEAO

CFA Franc BEAC

CFP Franc

Chilean Peso

Chinese Yuan Renminbi

Colombian Peso

Comoros Franc

Costa Rican Colon

Croatian Kuna

CUC

Czech Koruna

Danish Krone

Djibouti Franc

Dominican R. Peso

East Caribbean Dollar

Egyptian Pound

Fiji Dollar

Honduran Lempira

Hong Kong Dollar

Hungarian Forint

Iceland Krona

Indian Rupee

Indonesian Rupiah

IRR

Israeli New Shekel

Japanese Yen

Jordanian Dinar

Kazakhstan Tenge

Kenyan Shilling

Kuwaiti Dinar

Kyrgyzstanian Som

Lao Kip

Lebanese Pound

Malaysian Ringgit

Mauritanian Ouguiya

Mauritius Rupee

Mexican Peso

Mongolian Tugrik

Moroccan Dirham

Namibia Dollar

Nepalese Rupee

New Zealand Dollar

Nicaraguan Cordoba Oro

Norwegian Kroner

Omani Rial

Pakistan Rupee

Papua New Guinea Kina

Paraguay Guarani

Peruvian Nuevo Sol

Philippine Peso

Polish Zloty

Qatari Rial

Romanian New Lei

Russian Rouble

Rwandan Franc

Samoan Tala

Saudi Riyal

Singapore Dollar

Somali Shilling

South African Rand

South-Korean Won

Sri Lanka Rupee

Swaziland Lilangeni

Swedish Krona

Swiss Franc

Taiwan Dollar

Tanzanian Shilling

Thai Baht

Tonga Pa'anga

Trinidad/Tobago Dollar

Tunisian Dinar

Turkish Lira

Uganda Shilling

Ukraine Hryvnia

Uruguayan Peso

Utd. Arab Emir. Dirham

Vanuatu Vatu

Venezuelan Bolivar

Vietnamese Dong






Currency:






English

Français

Español

Deutsch

Italiano

한국어






It looks like your preferred language is English.

Click here to change language










Sign In










Forgotten your password?

OR

Sign Up Now!















Password:






Email Address:






























Home


Groups


Hostels



Guides




City Guides

Videos

Podcasts

Maps

Travel Features






Blog


My Bookings

























Home

\

Support Centre










Categories


Top questions

Questions about cancellation protection

Questions about Hostelling

Queries about making a booking

Queries about changing an existing booking

Queries related to credit card charges

My Bookings Queries

Room types explained

How to work with Hostels.com


Contact Us


phone:
+353 (0) 1 5245800

email:

customerservice@hostels.com

office hours from:
9am - 5.30pm Irish time (GMT)


Links


About Us

Contact Us

Frequently Asked Questions




Frequently Asked Questions

This is the Hostels.com Query & Frequently Asked Questions. Read through the Q & A where you should find the answers to all the questions you may have about hostelling. If you haven't found the answer then there will be an option at the end to contact one of our Customer Support team.


Top questions

How do I cancel my booking?


If you wish to cancel your booking you must contact the property directly using the contact details on your booking confirmation, please remember to quote your booking reference in any correspondence with the property. You can cancel online through your MyBookings area by clicking
here

In the event of a cancellation the booking fee and deposit are non-refundable. You must give at least 24 hours cancellation notice to the property to avoid a no-show charge. The no-show charge is the total of the first night's accommodation cost and will be charged to your credit card if you do not notify the hostel in time.


How do I change my booking?


You should contact the property directly to request an amendment to your reservation. Contact details are clearly noted on your confirmation e-mail, please quote your booking reference number in any correspondence with the property. Acceptance of any amendments is at the discretion of the property concerned.

If an amendment of your reservation is not possible why not select and book another property online.

If you have bought Cancellation Protection then your deposit can be used as credit against any future booking.


Can you resend my confirmation?


Once you click the "Confirm" button it should only take up to 1 minute to receive confirmation of your booking on screen. Do not click the confirm button more than once or you will be charged more than once.

We also send you a confirmation e-mail with your booking details if you have given us a valid e-mail address. Please note that due to the nature of the internet and individual e-mail servers that sometimes confirmation e-mails will not be received.

As a precaution all your bookings are also stored in our online travel itinerary planner,
MyBookings
. By booking through Hostels.com you automatically become a MyBookings member and can access this area at any time to view your bookings.


I have a problem with an existing reservation, what do I do?


If you have a problem with your existing reservation, please
Contact Us
quoting your booking reference number and we will be happy to help.


What is Cancellation Protection?


Cancellation Protection enables you to cancel and rebook on Hostels.com as many times as you like, giving you the freedom to change your plans as you travel without losing your booking deposit.

If you choose Cancellation Protection when making your booking you will be charged a small fee. In return, if you later decide to cancel your booking, your deposit cannot be refunded as cash - but will be credited back to your Hostels.com account in US Dollars (provided you have given the period of notice required by the travel services provider, for which please see its Terms and Conditions). You will be able to re-use that credited amount for future bookings at www.hostels.com for a period of 6 months from the cancellation date. Your booking fee is non-refundable.

The following Terms & Conditions apply:


Cancellations must be made within the cancellation period set by the travel services provider.

. Cancellations are only valid if processed online through your Hostels.com account. You can log-in to your account at www.hostels.com by clicking on the My Bookings Log-in at the top of the page.

Cancellations by telephone or e-mail are not protected by cancellation protection.

Cancellation credit will be applied to your account which is identified by the E-mail address used to process your initial booking. Credit cannot be applied to a booking made using a different e-mail address.

Cancellation credit is only valid for bookings made online at www.hostels.com and must be used within 6 months from your cancellation date.

In order to use cancellation credit simply make a repeat booking on www.hostels.com using the same e-mail address. Your credit will automatically apply to your booking once you confirm the reservation.

Cancellation credit only applies to accommodation booking deposits, it cannot be used against other charges on Hostels.com including booking fees or other purchases.



I have Cancellation Protection and want to cancel my booking, what do I do?


In order for your deposit to be credited to
your account
you need to ensure you cancel your booking through your account a minimum of 24 hours prior to your arrival date. You can log into your account
here
.


How do I use my Cancellation Protection credit?


In order to use your cancellation credit simply make a repeat booking on www.hostels.com using the same e-mail address. Your credit will automatically apply to your booking once you confirm the reservation.


How do I make a booking?





Choose your destination using the map or the quick-search panel on the homepage.

Please choose the hostel you would like to book and click on 'Select'

You will now see the hostel description, facilities and photos.

Choose your Arrival Date and No. of Nights, choose currency and click 'Make Booking'

You will now see a page displaying all the booking information including prices.

Choose Room Type and No. of beds required, then click 'Make Booking'.

The system will now request you to complete the Booking Form.

You need a valid credit card to make your booking.

We accept Visa, Visa Delta, Maestro,Mastercard, Laser, JCB,and Switch only

Click "Confirm" and wait for your booking confirmation.





I need to contact the property before I book.


We do not provide contact information for hostels before you book them. You will receive complete directions and contact information, including email address and telephone number on your booking confirmation. If you have a question about a specific hostel which is not covered in their description online, please
Contact Us
and we will be happy to find out for you.


I have no confirmation, what do I do?


Once you click the "Confirm" button it should only take up to 1 minute to receive confirmation of your booking on screen. Do not click the confirm button more than once or you will be charged more than once.

We also send you a confirmation e-mail with your booking details if you have given us a valid e-mail address. Please note that due to the nature of the internet and individual e-mail servers that sometimes confirmation e-mails will not be received. As a precaution all your bookings are also stored in our online travel itinerary planner,
MyBookings
. By booking through Hostels.com you automatically become a MyBookings member and can access this area at any time to view your bookings.

If you cannot see the booking in your MyBookings please click on the option on the left to contact one of our Customer Services representatives.





Questions about cancellation protection

What is Cancellation Protection?


Cancellation Protection enables you to cancel and rebook on Hostels.com as many times as you like, giving you the freedom to change your plans as you travel without losing your booking deposit.

If you choose Cancellation Protection when making your booking you will be charged a small fee. In return, if you later decide to cancel your booking, your deposit cannot be refunded as cash - but will be credited back to your Hostels.com account in US Dollars (provided you have given the period of notice required by the travel services provider, for which please see its Terms and Conditions). You will be able to re-use that credited amount for future bookings at www.hostels.com for a period of 6 months from the cancellation date. Your booking fee is non-refundable.

The following Terms & Conditions apply:


Cancellations must be made within the cancellation period set by the travel services provider.

Cancellations are only valid if processed online through your Hostels.com account. You can log-in to your account at www.hostels.com by clicking on the My Bookings Log-in at the top of the page.

Cancellations by telephone or e-mail are not protected by cancellation protection.

Cancellation credit will be applied to your account which is identified by the E-mail address used to process your initial booking. Credit cannot be applied to a booking made using a different e-mail address.

Cancellation credit is only valid for bookings made online at www.hostels.com and must be used within 6 months from your cancellation date.

In order to use cancellation credit simply make a repeat booking on www.hostels.com using the same e-mail address. Your credit will automatically apply to your booking once you confirm the reservation.

Cancellation credit only applies to accommodation booking deposits, it cannot be used against other charges on Hostels.com including booking fees or other purchases.






Queries about making a booking

If I don't have a credit card can I still book?


Hostels.com operates an online booking service for hostels which have a red 'Select' button and require you to submit a valid credit card number in order to secure your booking. Where a hostel's phone number is provided on the website, you can contact them directly to reserve and they may not require a credit card.


Can you send me a brochure?



All the information we have about the property is displayed!

Each hostel has its own page or microsite. All the information you need will be on these pages.

At the top of the page there are 4 photos uploaded by the hostel to give you an indication of what their property is like. The pictures of the rooms will not necessarily be the rooms that you will be staying in on your arrival.

The hostel will have a description of their property and the facilities they have.

The information displayed here is uploaded by each hostel.

It is up to each hostel to ensure that all the information here is correct. The hostel also uploads its own rates and availability.



Do I need to be a member to book online?


No, you do not need to be a member of any Youth Hostel organisation to stay at any of the hostels listed.

You do need to book in advance and have your booking reference with you on check- in at the hostel.


Do I have to book in advance?


We always recommend that you book your accommodation and other services well in advance to avoid disappointment! Allocation sells very quickly especially in high season.


What happens with the deposit?



On booking you will be charged a deposit, plus a $2 booking fee.

This will not be refunded to you on arrival at the hostel.

The remaining balance is due to the hostel on your arrival.

The deposit and booking fee is strictly non refundable *, as per the terms and conditions you ticked to agree to on booking.

*With the exception of customers that have bought Cancellation Protection to protect their deposit (terms and conditions apply).



Can you check availability for me?



The online availability that you see is uploaded by each individual property.

Hostels.com has no control over this availability as it is the direct responsibility of the hostels.

We are an online company that provide the technology for hostels to sell their beds online.

So to check availability you must do so yourself online. Enter the dates that you need and the number of people and you will see all the properties with availability for the dates of your query.



If I am an older traveller, will I still be able to book of the hostels online?



If a hostel has any age limits it should specify this on its hostel page (or microsite).

All the information on the hostels microsite is uploaded by the hostel themselves and should be accurate and up to date. It is the hostels responsibility to ensure that all the information is correct.



Does the name on the credit card have to be the same as the name on the reservation?



No! If you don't have a credit card but have been given permission to use a friend's or family member's card to book - that's ok.
So the name on the credit card can be different to the name on the reservation.



Is my credit card safe?



Yes! Hostels.com uses Verisign, the world leader in Internet security. All information is encrypted online and transferred securely direct to the hostel.

Please click to read our
Privacy and Security Statement.



If I am getting a credit card error while I am booking or waiting for my confirmation, what can I do



Bookings are secure and processed through WorldPay.

If you are receiving an error, here are some potential reasons why.

There may be insufficient funds to cover the transaction being booked

You may not have filled out all the information fields requested.



Can you give me directions and contact details of a hostel before I book?



Each hostel has its own unique page on the site, this is their microsite.

This page will give you a description of the hostel, where it's located and the hostel facilities.

As we are an online booking service we do not provide you with telephone number, email address or website details until you have made your reservation.

Once you have made your reservation you will be able to view full contact details and directions to the property booked on your booking confirmation.



Can I make a booking for a large number of people online?


Yes, you can make a confirmed online booking for less than 20 people here on this website or on our new group bookings site http://www.hostelgroupbookings.com. For groups of more than 20 people you can send an online request directly to just one or a number of suitable hostels. You are under no obligation to confirm this booking once you have made the request. You will receive a reply directly from the hostel within 24 hours.


Are there any countries where I cannot book accommodation or other travel product?


For legal reasons Hostels.com does not currently facilitate bookings for accommodation or travel product in Cuba, Iran, Syria, Sudan or North Korea or offered by nationals of those countries.


How do I book online?



Choose your destination using the map or the quick-search panel on the homepage.

Please choose the hostel you would like to book and click on 'Select'

You will now see the hostel description, facilities and photos.

Choose your Arrival Date and No. of Nights, choose currency and click 'Make Booking'.

You will now see a page displaying all the booking information including prices.

Choose Room Type and No. of beds required, then click 'Make Booking'.

The system will now request you to complete the Booking Form.

You need a valid credit card to make your booking.

We accept Visa, Visa Delta, Maestro,Mastercard, Laser, JCB,Switch and Solo only

Click "Confirm" and wait for your booking confirmation.



Why can't I book accommodation or other travel products?


For legal reasons Hostels.com does not currently facilitate bookings for accommodation or travel product by nationals of Cuba, Iran, Syria, Sudan or North Korea.


How many people can I book for and for how long?



You can only book for a maximum of 7 nights and for 10 people in any one booking unless otherwise specified on the hostel's microsite.

If you have an enquiry for 10 or more people please click the link on the hostels microsite where you can submit your group request.



Why is my nationality not included in the drop down menu in the enter details page?


For legal reasons Hostels.com does not currently facilitate bookings for accommodation or travel product by nationals of Cuba, Iran, Syria, Sudan or North Korea.


What credit cards can I book with?


You can book with Visa, Visa Electron and Mastercard credit cards and Solo, Switch, JCB and Laser debit cards.





Questions about Hostelling

What are hostels?


The answer to this question is becoming more and more difficult to define as hostels are changing all the time. Up until a decade ago hostels offered a unique form of accommodation where rooms were dormitory style with bunk beds, where you may well have had the pleasure of sharing bathroom facilities with up to 30 fellow guests, where you had to be in by midnight or face the prospect of sleeping in the street and where the noise of fellow roommates almost guaranteed many sleepless nights - you probably get the picture. The good news for any of you who might have reservations about taking a shower in the company of strangers or sharing a bunk with someone whose personal hygiene leaves quite a bit to be desired is that hostels have changed a great deal for the better. Today, many hostels are not unlike budget hotels where the only significant difference is the price. For example, many of the hostels listed on this site offer private rooms with en suite facilities, smaller dorms for groups of between two and eight or larger dorms where you could share with up to twenty others. As well as the rooms themselves, they offer bars and restaurants, 24-hour opening, self-catering kitchens, Internet cafes and many more added facilities. Despite this, many hostels have remained old school and you do need to maintain an open mind when choosing this form of accommodation. Don't expect luxury because in all but a few cases, you won't get it.


What is a hostel curfew?


A curfew is a time by which all hostellers must be inside the hostel and usually in bed. Many hostels no longer have curfews. If you find yourself staying at a hostel with a curfew, however, and you return after the stated time you will find yourself sleeping outside.


Who stays in a hostel?


People from all walks of life and every corner of the world stay in hostels. Many are misled into thinking that this form of accommodation only appeals to the younger generation of travelers but here at Hostels.com we have booked people as old as 80 and as young as 6 months into hostel accommodation. Hostels provide a great way to meet new people and experience new things which is why they appeal to such a diverse range.


What is a lock-out?


A lockout is a time during the day when the hostel is closed. Usually this occurs so the hostel can be properly cleaned. In small home hostels this is the only time the owners can leave their home to get out  and do errands. Most urban hostels, however, do not have lockouts.


What is hostelling?


Hostelling is, in part, the act of traveling and staying in hostels. Referred to as "backpacking" in many parts of the world, it's perhaps best described as traveling cheaply with an adventurous spirit. The terms hosteller and backpacker are basically synonymous. Backpackers tend to travel for longer periods than the typical tourist. In many countries, especially Australia and New Zealand, it's customary for students and recent graduates to take trips of up to a year or more! While hostelling, you see the world from a perspective that the average tourist will never see. You meet local people, learn customs, eat local food and often have opportunities to do things you never imagined. Trips are usually only roughly planned without itineraries to allow for last minute changes when something unexpected and exciting presents itself. Basically, backpackers stay longer, see more, and do more for less money!


Do I need to make a reservation to stay at a hostel?


We would always advise that you book your hostel in advance. Most of the hostels listed on Hostels.com can be booked online so that your bed is guaranteed before you get to your destination. If it is not possible for you to book in advance, it's best to call ahead to see if reservations are required or accepted - particularly during peak holiday or festival season. It's also best to plan to arrive in the morning. This gives you the best opportunity to get a bed and leaves you with options if the hostel is full or does not meet your expectations. This is particularly true if you are traveling to a popular city destination. At some hostels you can reserve for other hostels in advance. Inquire at the hostel you are staying at to see if they can make reservations at any other hostels for you. Then do your research and see if the hostel they recommend is somewhere that you would like.


Do you have to be below a certain age to stay in a hostel?


While most hostels do not impose an age restriction, this is not always the case, particularly in establishments which have a bar on the premises. Again, it is recommended that you check the hostel's details to find out whether or not there is an age restriction.


What equipment do I need to go hostelling?


Basically you will need a very small amount of the same stuff you would normally travel with plus a couple of extra items. Then you will need something comfortable and practical to carry it all in. Pack lightly! While hostelling you won't find baggage porters, suitcase racks or hanging closet space. You will likely be traveling on public transportation and walking from place to place. Because hostels are in unique locations they are often not the most convenient places to get to. Traveling light is fundamental if you are going to have an enjoyable time. Most first time hostellers don't believe this advice and almost always set out with too much stuff. Within the first couple of weeks they send most of it home. Hostellers don't bring a different item of clothing for each day of the week. Some clothes are often worn more than once before being washed in the local laundromat. In some cases the hostel may have clothes washing facilities. The easiest way to carry your stuff from place to place is with a backpack. This is the single most important piece of equipment for the long term hosteller. For this reason, when buying a backpack, don't skimp. Find a store that will patiently let you try on lots of different packs. They are all sized and shaped differently so make sure it's comfortable. Good backpack stores will have beanbags or other weights so you can try packs on with something inside. As already mentioned, you will probably want to bring a few items you might not bring when staying in hotels. The main ones are soap, a towel and a sleep-sheet.


Do you need to have a hostel membership card to stay at a hostel?


There are no membership requirements for any hostels listed on Hostels.com. Some hostels do offer discounts for various card-holding members but even if you are not a member, you will receive a guest membership card so you should not experience any difficulties.


What is a sleep sheet?


Basically a sleep-sheet is two sheets sewn together to form a sack. When you go to bed you get inside the sleep-sheet so the bed always stays clean. Many hostels will rent sleep-sheets to you for an additional cost. Sleep-sheets are being used less and less frequently, however, as more hostels provide regular bed linen. This is changed every one to three days depending on where you stay and more often than not the cost is included in the price. Every hostel we have seen also provides blankets.


What documents do I need to stay at a hostel?


You'll probably need identification of some sort. Because some hostels are dormitory style more information is needed about guests than is needed in the private room arrangement of hotels. This is for your protection so that if something happens the hostel is aware of who was staying in the room with you. Common identification used to stay in hostels includes passports, photo driver's licenses and state or country identity cards.


Can't I just use a sleeping bag?


Probably not. Many hostels do not allow sleeping bags. Because sleeping bags have lots of tufts and seams, it's easy for bugs like ticks to get inside the sleeping bag while you are camping and later come out when you unroll the bag in the hostel. Sleeping bags are also much heavier than a simple sleep-sheet and much harder to wash. So unless to plan to go camping you may want to leave the sleeping bag at home.


Can I stay in hostels in my own country?


Yes but you should have proof that you, like the other guests, are traveling. Hostels will generally not let you stay if you are a local resident of the area. The logic behind this rule is that if hostels allowed local residents to stay it would not have space to provide accommodation for budget travelers visiting the area. Some hostels require guests be an international traveler and have a passport. If you plan to travel in your home country and stay in hostels you might want to invest in a passport to prove you are indeed an international traveler.


What does 'ensuite' mean?


Ensuite means there is a private bathroom in the room. If this is not indicated in the room type description, then it means the bathroom facilities are shared with other rooms.


How did hostels get started?


Hostels have probably been around for over a thousand years as a low cost place for a traveler to stay for the night. The hostel movement as most people know it, however, was started by a German school teacher named Richard Schirrmann back in the Summer of 1907. It was at this time that Nette School began providing overnight accommodation to young travelers. Each night the classrooms were cleared of desks and chairs and thin straw sacks were placed on the floor for the travelers. As was the custom, each hosteller in the morning helped to put the school back together and sweep the straw from the floor. The philosophy as stated by Mr. Schirrmann was this: "Suppose that the thoughtful young people of all countries could be provided with suitable meeting places where they could get to know each other! That could and must be the role of our youth hostels, not only in Germany, but throughout the world, building a bridge of peace from nation to nation!" (From American Youth Hostels' "First Fifty Years: Young at Any Age").


What is the difference between a twin room and a double room?


A twin room is a private room with 2 single beds in it accommodating 2 people. A double room is a private room with one large bed accommodating 2 people.


What do hostels look like?


They come in all shapes and sizes. There are hostels in castles, in teepees and in railroad carriages. They are in sleepy towns, sprawling metropolises and everything in between. Some hostels are huge, providing beds for hundreds; others consist of a single room in a friendly family home. Some are mountain huts that require extensive hiking to get to while others are in urban jungles of towering skyscrapers. And this is what makes the entire experience so appealing to backpackers, you really don't know what you're going to get from one hostel to the next.


What is the atmosphere in hostels like?


There are as many different atmospheres as there are hostels. Each one has a different scene. Part of the adventure of hostelling is experiencing the variety. Sometimes you will find yourself in bed by 9 pm and up at 6 am with the chickens gathering eggs. In others you may party until all hours in a world-class cosmopolitan city and sleep until three the next afternoon.


What are dormitories like?


Dorms are broken up into rooms of 4/6/8 etc and consist of bunk beds. Some dorms will also have lockers, bathroom/ sink and reading lights.
These dorms can be single sex only or mixed, make sure to book a dorm type that suits you; either a male dorm, female dorm or mixed dorm to ensure there are no surprises when you check in!


Are hostels and/ or dormitories noisy?


In all hostels, although the custom is to remain as quiet as possible at night, you should expect a small amount of noise from your fellow hostel occupants. A lot depends on the location of the hostel. If you are visiting a major city you should expect noise in the form of traffic, street cleaning trucks, and people - all the usual stuff. Many hostels in the country, however, are so quiet you can hear your heart beat. As always, if you are concerned about such things it's best to ask other travelers that have been there.


Do hostels have kitchens?


Yes, most do. Self-catering kitchens are another way that hostels can save you money. They are usually equipped with basic cooking utensils including pots, pans, and dishes. Hostel kitchens also serve another really popular purpose however. They are a great meeting place where you can sit around and talk with fellow guests for hours on end comparing travel notes.


Where do I keep my belongings?


Backpacks containing non-valuable items such as clothes and toiletries are usually left in the dormitory. Valuables such as cameras, passports and money should always be safeguarded. All hostels will have a safe storage area and many larger city hostels will have lockers in the rooms for your backpack. Theft is relatively uncommon in hostels but it would be nice to keep it that way. Either keep valuables with you or place them in the hostel's safekeeping facilities. If you do have something stolen, report it to the management! While hostels are not responsible for lost or stolen items, you will be helping in the effort to catch thieves.


Do hostels have a lot of rules?


This depends on where you stay and what you think a lot of rules is. Almost all hostels ask guests to respect the rights of the other guests staying there and there are some basic hostel customs that are a largely unwritten etiquette. As for rules, you should ask each hostel upon check-in what is expected of the guests but most hostels will let you know whether you ask or not.





Queries about changing an existing booking

I need to amend my reservation, what do I do?


You should contact the property directly to request an amendment to your reservation. Contact details are clearly noted on your confirmation e-mail, please quote your booking reference number in any correspondence with the property. Acceptance of any amendments is at the discretion of the property concerned.

If an amendment of your reservation is not possible why not select and book another property online.

If you have bought Cancellation Protection then your deposit can be used as credit against any future booking.


I need to cancel my reservation, what do I do?


If you wish to cancel your booking you must contact the property directly using the contact details on your booking confirmation, please remember to quote your booking reference in any correspondence with the property.

You can cancel online through your MyBookings area by clicking
here
.

In the event of a cancellation the booking fee and deposit are non-refundable. You must give at least 24 hours cancellation notice to the property to avoid a no-show charge. The no-show charge is the total of the first night's accommodation cost and will be charged to your credit card if you do not notify the hostel in time.


I got an error while I was waiting for the Confirmation page to come up what do I do?


Hostels.com credit/debit card bookings are secure and processed through WorldPay. There may be some reasons why your credit card transaction will not go through. Please check the following and try your transaction again:


There may be insufficient funds to cover the transaction being booked.

You may not have filled out all the information fields requested.Please check that this is not the reason and try to complete your transaction again.

If however you have a specific online error message please copy and paste it and send on to us through the option below.



Can you please resend my confirmation?


Once you click the "Confirm" button it should only take up to 1 minute to receive confirmation of your booking on screen. Do not click the confirm button more than once or you will be charged more than once.

We also send you a confirmation e-mail with your booking details if you have given us a valid e-mail address. Please note that due to the nature of the internet and individual e-mail servers that sometimes confirmation e-mails will not be received.

As a precaution all your bookings are also stored in our online travel itinerary planner,
MyBookings
. By booking through Hostels.com you automatically become a MyBookings member and can access this area at any time to view your bookings.


I have no confirmation, what do I do?


Once you click the "Confirm" button it should only take up to 1 minute to receive confirmation of your booking on screen. Do not click the confirm button more than once or you will be charged more than once.

We also send you a confirmation e-mail with your booking details if you have given us a valid e-mail address. Please note that due to the nature of the internet and individual e-mail servers that sometimes confirmation e-mails will not be received. As a precaution all your bookings are also stored in our online travel itinerary planner,
MyBookings
. By booking through Hostels.com you automatically become a MyBookings member and can access this area at any time to view your bookings.

If you cannot see the booking in your MyBookings please click on the option below to contact one of our Customer Services representatives.


Do I need to reconfirm before I arrive?


No, there is no need to reconfirm prior to your arrival. Your booking confirmation number is adequate confirmation of your booking at your chosen property.


Is the deposit refundable in the event of a cancellation?


If you have Cancellation Protection then the deposit can be used as credit against any future booking, otherwise it is non refundable.


What if I have checked into the hostel and want to amend or cancel my booking?


The deposit can only be deducted for each night of your stay. If you change your reservation the remaining deposit cannot be deducted for nights that you did not stay in the property.

If for example you have booked for 4 nights and the deposit was $30 and you want to change your booking to 1 night then you will only be entitled to deduct a deposit of $7.50 from your first night.


I have booked the wrong room type, how do I change it?


You should contact the hostel directly to request an amendment to your reservation. Contact details are clearly noted on your confirmation e-mail, please quote your booking reference number in any correspondence with the hostel. Acceptance of any amendments is at the discretion of the hostel concerned.


I booked an entire private room but I dont want all the beds.


When you book a private room you must book and pay for all the beds in the room. This will be indicated on your booking page.





Queries related to credit card charges

I have a debit card but I cannot book the hostel I want, why is this?


Some hostels won't accept debit cards, this is why you won't see the option when you try to select the card type on the page where you enter your details to book. The credit card types listed on the page where you enter your card information and details will have a drop down menu of the card types accepted.


Why does my statement show Dublin, Ireland as the charge?


Hostels.com is based in Dublin, Ireland so even though you may have booked a property in Sydney, Australia or Lima, Peru this is where the charge will show as coming from on your Credit Card statement.


The amount that I got charged for my booking is different to my credit card


Hostels.com charges in US Dollars, so even though you have the option to view properties in the currency of your choice the final charge to your card will be in US Dollars.


What is the $2 booking fee for?


The $2 booking fee is to cover the online credit card processors fees, the secure site certification and general administration costs.


What is the deposit for?


When you book on Hostels.com, through our online credit card processing company, we take a deposit (downpayment) for your reservation plus a US$2.00 booking fee. This amount will not be refunded to you on arrival at the hostel. The remaining balance of your accommodation cost as shown on your booking confirmation is due on arrival at the hostel.


What type of credit cards can I book with?


You can book with Visa, Visa Electron and Mastercard credit cards and Solo, Switch, JCB and Laser debit cards.





MyBookings' Queries

What is MyBookings?


MyBookings is where you can view all your existing hostel bookings and old ones.

Details of all your confirmed bookings are automatically stored in this personalized itinerary. You can also add notes related to your bookings to your itinerary and all the information in this secure area can be accessed by simply entering your e-mail address and password to log in.


How do I become a member?


Once you make a booking on Hostels.com you automatically become a member. You just need to enter your email address and password to log in or you can enter your email address and a valid Hostels.com Booking Reference number. (marked as 'Ref No' on your confirmation email) .


I have forgotten my password, how can I get it?


We can resend you your password if you click
here


How do I register as a new member?


Please click
here
to sign up as a new member.





Room types explained

What is a dorm?


Dorm rooms are rooms that are shared with other people. They will usually have bunk style beds. There may be lockers or safety deposit boxes where you can store your valuables in the room also.


What does Ensuite mean?


An ensuite room is a room that has a toilet and comes with a shower and/or bath. Private rooms and dorm style rooms can be ensuite. You may pay more for an ensuite room.


What is a private room?


A private room is a room where you will need to book the entire room. For example, three persons booking a four-bed private room will need to select and pay for four persons if they wish to have a private room. If you set your preference to private room and there is no private room availability, the website will offer the best alternative available.


What is a single room?


A single room is a room that sleeps 1 person only.


What is a double room?


A double room is a room that has 1 bed which sleeps 2 people.


What is a twin room?


A twin room is a room that has 2 beds and sleeps 2 people only.


If I have a young child what do you advise booking?


We would advise that you book a bed for any young children. Hostels will display on their microsite any conditions they may have.





How to work with Hostels.com

Find out how to work with
Hostels.com
.















City Guides and Information

Video guides, travel podcasts, city maps & free city guides. What to eat, where to stay and things to do and see - our travel guides have it all.

Find a guide »



Latest Blog Post

We want to make sure that you get to explore as much of Paris as possible and that includes the nightlife scene. We've compiled some of the best places in Paris to check out if ...

Read more »



Great Value and Choice

We offer the most comprehensive selection of hostels on the internet with over 33,000 great places to stay in 170 countries. The ultimate online resource for hostels everywhere.

Find great value hostels »








Explore:







View all continents »



View all top countries in North America »



View all top countries in South America »



View all top countries in Europe »



View all top countries in Asia »



View all top countries in Oceania »



View all top countries in Africa »




Worldwide





North America





South America





Europe





Asia





Oceania





Africa






Australia

Austria

Belgium

Canada

Czech Republic

England

France

Germany

Greece

Ireland

Italy

Japan

Netherlands

Portugal

Scotland

Spain

USA






Bahamas

Belize

Canada

Costa Rica

Cuba

Dominican Republic

El Salvador

Guadeloupe

Guatemala

Honduras

Jamaica

Mexico

Nicaragua

Panama

Trinidad And Tobago

US Virgin Islands

USA






Argentina

Aruba

Bolivia

Brazil

Chile

Colombia

Ecuador

Guyana

Martinique

Netherlands Antilles

Paraguay

Peru

Puerto Rico

Saint Lucia

Suriname

Uruguay

Venezuela






Austria

Belgium

Czech Republic

England

France

Germany

Greece

Hungary

Ireland

Italy

Netherlands

Poland

Portugal

Scotland

Spain

Sweden

Switzerland






Cambodia

China

Hong Kong

India

Indonesia

Israel

Japan

Malaysia

Myanmar

Nepal

Philippines

Singapore

South Korea

Sri Lanka

Taiwan

Thailand

Vietnam






Australia

Cook Islands

Fiji

French Polynesia

New Zealand

Northern Mariana Islands

Palau

Samoa

Tonga

Vanuatu






Cape Verde

Egypt

Ethiopia

Ghana

Kenya

Madagascar

Mauritius

Morocco

Namibia

Rwanda

Senegal

South Africa

Swaziland

Tanzania

Uganda

Zambia

Zimbabwe








North America





South America





Europe





Asia





Oceania





Africa












Hostels.com in your language:

English

Français

Español

Deutsch

Italiano

한국어




Safe & Secure Checkout:






Social Media:

Hostels.com on Facebook

Hostels.com on Twitter

Hostels.com on Google+

Hostels.com on Pinterest

Hostels.com on YouTube

Hostels.com on Flickr





Hostels.com on your Mobile:

Mobile Site



More on Hostels.com:

FAQ

About Us

Hostel Sign Up

Site Map












Contact Us





© Hostelworld.com Ltd.
1999-2017
Security & Privacy

Terms & Conditions


























