
Why Should I Book a Serviced Apartment | Citybase

















Please enable JavaScript in your browser for a better user
            experience.
How do I enable JavaScript?
































+44 (0)20 8090 8080



Contact Us










Home



About



Benefits of Serviced Apartments



Explore Destinations



Blog















Shortlist






See All

Enquire








Enquiry






Contact Us




































9.5/10










+44 (0)20 8090 8080













Home



Explore Destinations



Benefits of Serviced Apartments



About



Blog



Make an Enquiry































Why book a serviced apartment






A serviced apartment offers all the convenience of hotel-like services with
                    the added space, privacy and flexibility of a kitchen and living area.

Better still, our apartments are great value compared to hotels and, if
                    you’re staying a while or sharing with friends or children, the savings can be significant.

Our carefully selected, high-quality apartments allow you to eat, cook, relax
                    and entertain. Perfect for experiencing an exciting destination at your own pace, whether you are a
                    couple, family, group or solo traveller.

We are experts in booking fully-furnished serviced apartments for short and
                    long stays. Wherever you want to stay, our friendly and knowledgeable team will help you find the
                    perfect place for you.






Trustpilot























MORE SPACE

Why settle for just one room? The main benefit of a serviced
                            apartment is space. As well as a bedroom, you will also have a kitchen and living area. You
                            can cook meals, entertain family and friends, or just relax on the sofa. You can also book
                            apartments with multiple bedrooms, allowing you to share a space, but still retain your own
                            privacy.







YOUR OWN KITCHEN

As nice as eating out every night might sound, sometimes you just
                                want to eat in a relaxed environment, without worrying about what to wear, the children
                                running around or feeling conscious about dining alone. All our serviced apartments
                                have fully functional kitchen areas, including crockery and utensils, so you can choose
                                to eat out or stay in. Do what works for you, when it works for you.










VALUE FOR MONEY

For short stays, serviced apartments offer more space, flexibility
                            and value for money. For longer stays, or families and friends travelling together, guests
                            will also benefit from savings of between 10% and 40% in comparison to a hotel of the same
                            standard. And, if you occasionally choose to eat in with a bottle of wine, you’ll also save
                            on restaurant and bar bills, meaning you’ll have more money to spend on the things that
                            matter, like visiting a top attraction.












THE PERKS

Serviced apartments are called ‘serviced’ because, like a hotel, they come
                with extra perks. The level of extra services depends on the rating of the serviced apartment you book.
                As standard, all properties include linen changes, a maid service and a host at the other end of the
                line, should you have any queries. Many apartments now also offer a concierge service, gym facilities
                and swimming pools.











Our apartments are perfect for...







Families










Groups










Couples










Staying a while










Getting away










Being there









TRAVEL. ACCOMMODATED.




















My Favourites



Become a Property Partner



Contact Us







Explore Destinations



FAQs



Ethics
































© 2017 Habicus Group.



IATA: TIDS 96013886



Terms and Conditions



Privacy and Cookie Policy



Security



Sitemap










