
Terms and Conditions | Citybase Apartments


















Please enable JavaScript in your browser for a better user
            experience.
How do I enable JavaScript?
































+44 (0)20 8090 8080



Contact Us










Home



About



Benefits of Serviced Apartments



Explore Destinations



Blog















Shortlist






See All

Enquire








Enquiry






Contact Us




































9.5/10










+44 (0)20 8090 8080













Home



Explore Destinations



Benefits of Serviced Apartments



About



Blog



Make an Enquiry


























Terms & Conditions

It is an implied term that, by using the citybaseapartments.com website, you agree to accept our terms and
       conditions stated below.

Bookings


All rates are per apartment (NOT per person)

All UK apartment rates are inclusive of VAT at the current applicable rate and service.

All accommodation providers require that there is at least one person aged 18 or over staying at the
            apartments for each booking. In some instances our apartment providers require that the lead guest of each
            booking is aged 21 or over.


When you make a reservation through citybaseapartments.com, the rates that you see on your search results at the
       time you make the booking are the rates that we apply and confirm to you. If there are any unforeseen changes or
       problems with your reservation, we will automatically contact you first for your approval/instructions, before
       arranging a reservation for you.

If you make an instant online booking, you will be taken to a confirmation screen with a summary of your booking,
       including your booking reference number. Shortly after making your booking, you will receive a full confirmation
       email which will also include the apartment's payment terms, cancellation policy and check-in procedure.

If you make an "On Request" booking online, your request will be processed as quickly as possible.

In the event that the apartment of your choice is fully booked at the time of submitting your reservation request
       (complete with card details), citybaseapartments.com will endeavour to offer you an alternative apartment of
       similar price, quality and location. We will not, of course, proceed with an alternative reservation without your
       prior approval.

Shortly after you submit the secure online booking request form you will be notified by email of your reservation
       confirmation. The email will include full booking details: your booking reference and the apartment's
       cancellation policy, address and telephone number, so you'll have all the information you need.

Your email confirmation will usually be with you the same day if you booked between 9:00 and 16:00 GMT, Monday to
       Friday. If you have booked outside of these times, your email notification will arrive the following morning, or
       on the following Monday if you booked during the weekend or after 16:00 GMT on Friday. We will always try to get
       the confirmation to you as soon as possible.

If for any reason you are unable to access the email address you gave us in the booking request form, please
       email us using an alternative email address as soon as possible, stating your details, at
priority@citybaseapartments.com
.
       Alternatively, telephone our offices on {include file="includes/sections/phone-number.tpl" type="international"}
       and ask for reservations.

If you are unsure about anything, please take a look at the
frequently asked questions
.

If you require URGENT confirmation of your booking, please feel free to contact us by any of the following
       methods:


Tel (UK): {include file="includes/sections/phone-number.tpl"}

Tel (International): {include file="includes/sections/phone-number.tpl" type="international"}

Email: Use our
contact form


Payment

citybaseapartments.com operates as a
NO-FEE
service and your card details are used only by the
       apartments, in the process of booking the apartment(s) at your instruction.

Your payment card details will be securely held for the purpose of processing the booking until the day of
       check-in. On the day of check-in, the credit card details are removed from our systems.

Each apartment has its own terms and conditions relating to how you pay for your booking; these may also vary
       depending upon the pricing structure you choose. You can see these details on your search results by clicking on
       the rate name, on your booking form and on your confirmation email. Please note that your bank may charge you for
       an international transfer of money when the payment is taken.

Please note that cities outside of the UK may be subject to local taxes payable upon arrival at the
       accommodation.

Cancellations

Each apartment has its own cancellation policy, which may vary depending on the pricing structure you choose. You
       can see the cancellation policy which will apply to your stay from the search results by clicking on the
       apartment name, at the top of your booking form by clicking "view" under Terms & Conditions, or on your
       confirmation email.

To cancel a reservation, please contact us as soon as possible by telephone or email, quoting your booking
       reference number (from your confirmation email). We will then make the cancellation with the apartments.

If you need to cancel a booking urgently, and it is outside our office hours, then we advise you to inform the
       apartment directly using the contact details you'll find on the confirmation email.

If you fail to arrive at the apartment on your intended date of arrival without prior cancellation within the
       specified period, the apartment is entitled to charge your card. The amount of this cancellation charge depends
       upon the terms and conditions of the particular apartment. You will find this information on your search results,
       booking form and on your confirmation email.

Should an accommodation provider have to alter or cancel a booking, provided that we are informed of it, we will
       do our utmost to inform you where is reasonably possible; at times it may not be possible to contact you before
       your departure. In the event of the accommodation provider cancelling your booking, we have no liability to you
       with regards to making a refund or offering any compensation. The accommodation provider will be responsible for
       finding appropriate alternative accommodation of a similar standard and shall cover all additional costs incurred
       as a result of finding and transporting to such accommodation.

Limitation of Liability

citybaseapartments.com excludes all warranties, express or implied, relating to this website. This includes, but
       is not limited to, any implied warranty that the information it contains is accurate or up to date or is suitable
       for any particular purpose. citybaseapartments.com shall not be liable for any loss or damage suffered as the
       result of the use of this website.

In all cases, citybaseapartments.com acts only as a booking agent for the accommodation providers. The contract
       for the apartment and any services provided is between the guest and the accommodation provider.
       citybaseapartments.com can not be held responsible for either party's actions or for any subsequent consequences
       of those actions. citybaseapartments.com is not to be considered as a party in litigation, nor shall it or any of
       its employees be required to be a party to any litigation arising directly or indirectly from the booking of
       accommodation.

Our Website

All apartment information and descriptions are supplied by the apartments featured. Whilst we do our utmost to
       maintain accuracy and to check details wherever possible, citybaseapartments.com cannot be held liable for any
       errors or omissions that may arise, or be responsible or liable for any negligence in relation to information on
       or accessible from this website.

citybaseapartments.com also reserves the right to change information published on the site at any time, including
       rates, descriptions and photographs.

citybaseapartments.com makes no warranty or representation about the fitness or suitability of any product or
       service advertised on its web site. It cannot accept responsibility for any changes or closures to local
       amenities or attractions listed within the web site or literature.

These terms do not affect consumer statutory rights.

citybaseapartments.com reserves the right to update any of its terms and conditions at any time, as may be
       required and as may be in line with the company's business. The onus is placed on all parties using the website
       to undertake adequate measures to ensure that they visit any such terms and conditions on a regular basis. By
       agreeing to use this site, it is implied that any such changes are accepted by any such third party, and that any
       such third party undertakes to comply with any such changes.

Subscriptions

By booking with citybaseapartments.com you are subscribed to receive news and information from us. We will
NEVER
pass your details on to third parties. To unsubscribe or change your settings
       please

















My Favourites



Become a Property Partner



Contact Us







Explore Destinations



FAQs



Ethics
































© 2017 Habicus Group.



IATA: TIDS 96013886



Terms and Conditions



Privacy and Cookie Policy



Security



Sitemap










