
Ethics | Citybase Apartments

















Please enable JavaScript in your browser for a better user
            experience.
How do I enable JavaScript?
































+44 (0)20 8090 8080



Contact Us










Home



About



Benefits of Serviced Apartments



Explore Destinations



Blog















Shortlist






See All

Enquire








Enquiry






Contact Us




































9.5/10










+44 (0)20 8090 8080













Home



Explore Destinations



Benefits of Serviced Apartments



About



Blog



Make an Enquiry


























Ethics

Here at Citybase Apartments, we strive to be the best serviced apartment provider in 
    the world.  That not only means providing our guests with the best booking experience, but also rewarding our 
    employees’ hard work, developing talent, growing strong relationships with our partners and making a 
    difference in our industry. As part of the Habicus Group, we share our ethics and aims with our sister 
    companies – SilverDoor Apartments and Central London Apartments.

Our Purpose

Citybase Apartments is your independent serviced apartment specialist, able to 
    source 
    and book over 190,000 serviced apartments worldwide for short or long stays. Because we are independent, 
    our aim is to bring you the very best the market has to offer without bias, so when we say an apartment 
    is just right for you, you know it truly is.


Our Vision

As part of the Habicus Group, our vision is to maintain our position as the 
    world’s leading serviced apartment provider. And we aim to achieve this by sourcing and providing 
    quality serviced apartments in key travel destinations around the world.

We are experts within our industry and we keep our position by continuously 
    reviewing, visiting and assessing our apartment portfolio, so we can not only cater to our clients’ 
    needs and interests, but also deliver the very best service in the market.


Our Ethics

Our employees

At Citybase Apartments we hire people we believe have the relevant and 
    appropriate skills for our roles, regardless of gender, ethnicity or belief. As a result, 
    we boast a dynamic and diverse workforce. We also believe that if our staff are motivated, 
    appreciated and challenged, they will be happy and confident in their roles, while still 
    developing personally and professionally.

The community

We work with several education providers and key UK universities 
    to offer graduate and apprenticeship schemes. Citybase is also active within its local 
    Chamber of Commerce and professional circles.

Transparency within our supply chain

We are proud to be an independent serviced apartment provider and we 
    take our position of authority very seriously. Although our staff use our apartments in order to 
    familiarise themselves with our portfolio and review the supplier’s services, they don’t receive 
    any gifts in exchange for increased bookings. Our advice to our clients regarding our properties 
    is always unbiased.

The safety and satisfaction of our guests is very important to us and we 
    continuously work with industry associations to develop best practice guidelines for health and 
    safety to be followed across the industry and especially by our apartment suppliers.

Accountability to our guests

Unlike many online accommodation providers, we don’t hide behind our website. 
    Our phone number is proudly displayed everywhere on our website, so that you can get hold of us when 
    you need to. We are here to help before, during and after your booking.


















My Favourites



Become a Property Partner



Contact Us







Explore Destinations



FAQs



Ethics
































© 2017 Habicus Group.



IATA: TIDS 96013886



Terms and Conditions



Privacy and Cookie Policy



Security



Sitemap










