
About Citybase Apartments, everything you need to know.

















Please enable JavaScript in your browser for a better user
            experience.
How do I enable JavaScript?
































+44 (0)20 8090 8080



Contact Us










Home



About



Benefits of Serviced Apartments



Explore Destinations



Blog















Shortlist






See All

Enquire








Enquiry






Contact Us




































9.5/10










+44 (0)20 8090 8080













Home



Explore Destinations



Benefits of Serviced Apartments



About



Blog



Make an Enquiry































About Citybase Apartments







We are Citybase Apartments: the only specialist you need to book serviced 
                        apartments in hundreds of cities around the world.

Wherever you’re travelling to, our simple reservation process, 
                        and friendly customer service makes booking a serviced apartments simple.

We have over a decade of experience providing our guests with the 
                        best accommodation in the market, and, in May 2016, we joined SilverDoor Apartments to 
                        form Habicus Group: the largest independent serviced apartment provider in the world.

Whatever you need, wherever you need to stay, make Citybase 
                        Apartments your first choice for accommodation.

























Trustpilot















Benefits of a Serviced Apartment

Serviced apartments offer a separate kitchen and living areas, 
                            allowing you more space to eat, entertain or simply relax. For families, groups or 
                            long stays, our apartments can also be a cost-effective alternative to 
                            hotels of the same standard.


Find out more












Meet the Team

Our team has more than 10 years experience recommending 
                            the perfect accommodation. We know our destinations and apartments inside and out, 
                            and we love to travel. From customer service to booking technology, 
                            our award-winning team is always working to deliver a fantastic experience, 
                            from booking to check-out. As our guest, you are our priority.


View profiles




















Blog

Our service doesn’t stop when you book your serviced apartment. 
                            On our blog, you’ll find travel tips, competitions and apartment reviews as well as city 
                            guides for our most popular destinations. It’s the perfect place to go if you need travel 
                            inspiration or ideas on how to make the most of your trip.


Read our blog












Charity

At Citybase Apartments, the physical and mental wellbeing of our 
                            staff is paramount. That’s why we support and work alongside Mind, a mental 
                            health charity that raises awareness for the issue of mental health 
                            and provides support and information to those suffering with conditions 
                            such as anxiety, depression or stress.




















Contact

Before, during and after your booking, we are here to help. 
                            Citybase operates a UK-based office and has specialists waiting to answer 
                            any questions you may have. You can give us a call, enquire online, send an 
                            email or say hello on social media. We’ll find the perfect serviced apartment for you.


Contact us








TRAVEL. ACCOMMODATED.




















My Favourites



Become a Property Partner



Contact Us







Explore Destinations



FAQs



Ethics
































© 2017 Habicus Group.



IATA: TIDS 96013886



Terms and Conditions



Privacy and Cookie Policy



Security



Sitemap










