
Gay Travel Blog │misterb&b;















































































Give 17£


Login



Sign Up



Connect


Login



Sign Up



Blog



Help center





List my property

Blog


en

-
£



English



Français



Español



Deutsch



Português



中文





$ AUD



$ CAD



CHF



¥ CNY



€ EUR



£ GBP



¥ JPY



$ USD







Support


How to host



How to travel



Help center









Home
/
Gay Blog

gay travel blog
Ready to plan your next gay vacation? Let us help! We've compiled a comprehensive trove of gay travel news and tips so you can choose your next adventure with ease. You'll find recommendations, tips, tricks and expert information on your favorite gay-friendly destinations like Mykonos, Barcelona and Provincetown. You'll also discover exciting places to visit, like Thailand, the gay-friendly jewel of Southeast Asia. Or, swing down to South America and check out Bogotá, which is growing in popularity and becoming recognized as a hotspot for gay travelers. Whether you crave balmy beaches and warm...
Read more

Region
All Regions
America
Europe
Asia & Middle East
Oceania
Africa
12 top tips to become the perfect misterb&b host!
30 nov. 2017
Arriving at a host’s home can be both super exciting and a little bit daunting for guests. But just follow our 12 top tips to become the perfect misterb&b host and you’ll instantly make your new gu...
Montreal: No ground for judgement, nothing to hide
23 nov. 2017
Carlos and Jonathan, originally from Venezuela and Mexico, have been married for seven years. This couple in Montreal believe in mutual respect, open communication and diversity; that's why they've...
European Snow Pride-Powered by SCRUFF, back in the French Alps!
17 nov. 2017
A new edition of European Snow Pride-Powered by SCRUFF will be held again in Tignes in the French Alps next year from 17th to 24th of March. For its sixth year, Europe’s biggest gay ski week will h...
Toronto: We're one gay family
7 nov. 2017
Once you start hosting gay travelers from all over the world, you'll never get enough. Arash and Andy can confirm that: they've been hosting with misterb&b in Toronto and each stranger that enters ...
Washington: It's not just about safety, it's about feeling welcome!
7 nov. 2017
If there was a guide to becoming the perfect host, that guide would include Sami! This five-star rated host has been praised many times for his graciousness and friendliness. Sami lives in Washingt...
Host story West Hollywood: misterb&b, an experience you can't beat
3 nov. 2017
A host from West Hollywood, LA, Samuel tells us about his enriching experience with misterb&b. Since hosting, Samuel - along with his boyfriend Fernando – have made new friends from every corner of...
Host story Philadelphia: A roommate for a day or two
28 oct. 2017
Mike tells us about his experience as a host in Philadelphia. To put it into his own words: you open your door to a stranger who then leaves as a friend. Sharing coffee over breakfast, chit-chattin...
Host story Seattle: city and country combined!
21 oct. 2017
A gay-friendly hub with the best of both worlds, our hosts Keith and Mario depict a wonderful portrait of life in Seattle. They also share with us their hosting highlights, remembering the best tim...
Host story Prague: A postcard from misterb&b
7 oct. 2017
Jozef has the perfect insight about hosting with us. He's from Prague and has hosted since the very beginning of misterb&b. His words are truly inspiring: the beauty of traveling and the pleasure o...
Host story Hawaii: The honeymoon is not over!
7 oct. 2017
Have you ever felt the need to just lay on white sand and enjoy the simplicity of that? Being alive and feeling blessed, away from the chaos of the city? We're sure you have, it's not just a daydre...
Host story Copenhagen: Something is gay in the state of Denmark
30 sept. 2017
Emilio has been part of the misterb&b community for a long time. He's one of our fabul'hosts in Copenhagen and knows just what to do to make his guests feel at home! Check out his experience here, ...
Host story Rotterdam: Sharing the beauty of your city
23 sept. 2017
Fancy staying somewhere completely different? Hans shares his beautiful houseboat on the Rotte river with travelers from misterb&b. He loves being a host and makes the most of meeting new people fr...
More News








Stay like a gay local





















+ List my property







English





Français



Español



Deutsch



Português



中文








£ GBP





$ AUD



$ CAD



CHF



¥ CNY



€ EUR



£ GBP



¥ JPY



$ USD













Download & feel welcome



































Top Gay Destinations





Gay Paris

Gay Barcelona

Gay New York



Gay London

Gay Madrid

Gay Berlin



Gay Amsterdam

Gay Lisbon

Gay Los Angeles



Gay San Francisco

Gay Montreal

Gay Chicago



Gay Lyon

Gay Rome

Gay Toronto








With misterb&b, travel the world renting welcoming and affordable places and meet unique people! Rent a loft in
Soho
, share a room in
Barcelona
, a couch in
the Castro
or a cozy apartment in
Le Marais
or
Chelsea
! Come and try the misterb&b experience in all
gay travel destinations
! 135 countries and 130,000 listings -- Together we are connecting the global gay travel community. misterb&b is not affiliated, endorsed, or otherwise associated with Airbnb






Terms and Privacy



Contact & Help



Gay destinations



Gay guides



LGBTQIA Community



Gay Events



About us



Insurance



Gay games 2018



Press



Jobs











Welcome back to the largest gay travel community!





Log in





Log in with facebook

We care about your privacy. We will never post on your timeline without your permission






E-mail













Password



















Remember me








I forgot my password :(








Not a misterb&b member yet?
Sign Up







Welcome back to the largest gay travel community!




Reset your password





Log in with facebook

We care about your privacy. We will never post on your timeline without your permission




Check your e-mail!
We sent you instructions to reset your password. If you don't receive this e-mail,
contact our Customer Support Team
to help you.

You forgot your password? No worries! Just let us know what e-mail you used to create your account and we'll e-mail you instructions to create a new password.




E-mail
























Not a misterb&b member yet?
Sign Up











We are currently improving our website.

You may experience some issues in search functionalities for a few hours.

Thank you for your patience








By using this website, you consent to the use of cookies for analytics purposes
OK




















Join the largest gay travel community!


Hundreds of thousands travel with us already






Welcome,

Thanks for joining the largest gay travel community!







Sign up for free




I'm all for the easiest way!


Join with facebook

We care about your privacy. We will never post on your timeline without your permission






I prefer the classic way







Your city
















Your e-mail










Invalid email address







Join now







Already a misterb&b member?
Log in












Sign up with Facebook





Please enter your e-mail address to proceed

























