
misterb&b; - Rent a gay room or a gay bed and breakfast





















































































Give 22€


Login



Sign Up



Connect


Login



Sign Up



Blog



Help center





List my property

Blog


en

-
€



English



Français



Español



Deutsch



Português



中文





$ AUD



$ CAD



CHF



¥ CNY



€ EUR



£ GBP



¥ JPY



$ USD







Support


How to host



How to travel



Help center















Stay like
a gay local






How does it work?


Search for your perfect accommodation

Book your stay

Feel welcomed

Check out and leave a review




Learn More



START YOUR JOURNEY












With a service by and for the LGBT community and with guest and host reviews, you can feel welcome wherever you go

Travel the world affordably with accommodations from shared room to full flats

Connect with the local gay scene with tips from your host



START YOUR JOURNEY






















What is misterb&b?







misterb&b is the largest gay hotelier in the world

Our platform reaches gay travelers around the world and allows them to rent rooms or entire apartments within the global gay community, safely & affordably in 135+ countries.



misterb&b is a short-term rental service by and for LGBTs

To help provide not only a safe and comfortable experience but also one where LGBTs can connect and expand their sense of community.







Join the Gay Travel Community













Travel Affordably

Find the perfect accommodation, no matter your price range. Nightly rates & deposits are determined by misterb&b hosts. With over 130,000 hosts in 135 countries, there's something for everyone.








How does it work?




Search for your perfect accommodation

Enter your information into our search engine: city, number of people, dates of stay.





Book your stay

You have two options:


REQUEST TO BOOK


Send a direct request to the host and enter your credit card details. The host has 24 hours to accept the reservation. Once accepted, your reservation is confirmed and your card will be charged. If the host is not able to accommodate you at this time, your card will not charged.


CONTACT HOST


Have a question before you book? Use this button, no credit card required. Increase your chances of finding the perfect accommodation by reaching out to multiple hosts. After a host pre-approves your request, you have 24 hours to confirm and pay for the booking.





Feel welcomed

Meet the host and feel free to ask about local tips. Some hosts may offer to show you around, get a drink, or even prepare breakfast.





Check out and leave a review

Simply leave your key and say goodbye to your host. Be sure to leave a review!


You can
contact us
with any questions during each steps of your stay.









Voices from our Community of Travelers








Peter

June 2016




I had a seamless, efficient and enjoyable experience booking and staying with Brian and Greg. Brian was extremely responsive to my initial inquiry and follow up correspondence. He was flexible with my check-in time and was even kind enough to let me leave my overnight bag the next day while I traversed the city. (...)











Raj

October 2015




Jeffrey and Michael was just perfect hosts for this first timer misterb&b guest from India. They made me feel so welcome from the very first day, that I forgot about any apprehensions I may have had staying at someone's home. They have created a beautiful home that's warm, cozy, super clean and a safe space - it is exactly as is in the pictures. (...)
















Common Questions


Finding the perfect listing

After you have made your initial search, you can refine the results by using filters. Find your ideal accommodation on misterb&b by filtering by price, location, and specifical needs including pet-friendly, free wifi, smoking, and more.

How can I tell if a reservation is accepted or confirmed?

A confirmation email with the contract information of your host will be sent to your email address upon a successful reservation. Login to your misterb&b account and visit 'My Messages'. Here you will find the status and details of all your reservations and booking requests.

IMPORTANT: Never make payment outside of our safe and secure platform.

How do I get charged?

When you make a booking request there is a temporary hold in the amount of the reservation on your card. If the host does not accept or if the request expires, the hold on the card is released.

IMPORTANT: All transactions/payments are processed on misterb&b to ensure security and protect against fraud.

Security deposit

misterb&b is not involved in managing the security deposit. It is up to the host to arrange the details of the security deposit, including price, collection, and return.

Cancellation conditions

Flexible conditions: full refund up to 7 days before arrival and 50% up to the first day of rental, except the service charge. Strict conditions: 70% refund up to 14 days before rental and 30% until the eve of the rental. In any case, misterb&b will not reimburse its fees.

I have not heard back from a host

If you have not heard back from a host with whom you would like to reserve, contact us at
support@misterbandb.com
. We will reach out to the host on your behalf and assist you in your search for accommodation.

Promotion codes: how do I get one and how do I use it?

misterb&b; offers promotional codes at various periods. A promotional code offers a discount on a future misterb&b; rental. Once the code is obtained, click on 'Coupon code' on the checkout page and enter your code. Warning: the codes do expire! Looking for a promo code today?
Earn up to $80 for every friend you invite to misterb&b.;



Still have questions?

Consult our Help Center










Browse Accommodations













Stay like a gay local





















+ List my property







English





Français



Español



Deutsch



Português



中文








€ EUR





$ AUD



$ CAD



CHF



¥ CNY



€ EUR



£ GBP



¥ JPY



$ USD













Download & feel welcome



































Top Gay Destinations





Gay Paris

Gay Barcelona

Gay New York



Gay London

Gay Madrid

Gay Berlin



Gay Amsterdam

Gay Lisbon

Gay Los Angeles



Gay San Francisco

Gay Montreal

Gay Chicago



Gay Lyon

Gay Rome

Gay Toronto








With misterb&b, travel the world renting welcoming and affordable places and meet unique people! Rent a loft in
Soho
, share a room in
Barcelona
, a couch in
the Castro
or a cozy apartment in
Le Marais
or
Chelsea
! Come and try the misterb&b experience in all
gay travel destinations
! 135 countries and 130,000 listings -- Together we are connecting the global gay travel community. misterb&b is not affiliated, endorsed, or otherwise associated with Airbnb






Terms and Privacy



Contact & Help



Gay destinations



Gay guides



LGBTQIA Community



Gay Events



About us



Insurance



Gay games 2018



Press



Jobs











Welcome back to the largest gay travel community!





Log in





Log in with facebook

We care about your privacy. We will never post on your timeline without your permission






E-mail













Password



















Remember me








I forgot my password :(








Not a misterb&b member yet?
Sign Up







Welcome back to the largest gay travel community!




Reset your password





Log in with facebook

We care about your privacy. We will never post on your timeline without your permission




Check your e-mail!
We sent you instructions to reset your password. If you don't receive this e-mail,
contact our Customer Support Team
to help you.

You forgot your password? No worries! Just let us know what e-mail you used to create your account and we'll e-mail you instructions to create a new password.




E-mail
























Not a misterb&b member yet?
Sign Up











We are currently improving our website.

You may experience some issues in search functionalities for a few hours.

Thank you for your patience








By using this website, you consent to the use of cookies for analytics purposes
OK




















Join the largest gay travel community!


Hundreds of thousands travel with us already






Welcome,

Thanks for joining the largest gay travel community!







Sign up for free




I'm all for the easiest way!


Join with facebook

We care about your privacy. We will never post on your timeline without your permission






I prefer the classic way







Your city
















Your e-mail










Invalid email address







Join now







Already a misterb&b member?
Log in












Sign up with Facebook





Please enter your e-mail address to proceed

























