
29 Days 200-Hour Fusion Yoga Teacher Training in Rishikesh, India - BookYogaRetreats.com







































BookYogaRetreats.com

Yoga Retreats and Holidays




My Wishlist (
0
)










English




Deutsch




Français




Nederlands




Español





CHF





AUD

Australian Dollar




CAD

Canadian Dollar




€

Euro




£

British Pound




US$

United States Dollar




R$

Brazilian Real




CHF

Swiss Franc




CNY

Chinese Renminbi Yuan




CZK

Czech Koruna




DKK

Danish Krone




HKD

Hong Kong Dollar






Rp

Indonesian Rupiah




₪

Israeli New Sheqel




Rs.

Indian Rupee




¥

Japanese Yen




KRW

South Korean Won




MXN

Mexican Peso




MYR

Malaysian Ringgit




NOK

Norwegian Krone




NZD

New Zealand Dollar




PHP

Philippine Peso




PLN

Polish Złoty






RUB

Russian Ruble




SEK

Swedish Krona




S$

Singapore Dollar




THB

Thai Baht




TRY

Turkish Lira




ZAR

South Africa, Rand





Partners

Help






Yoga Retreats
(5,874)

Yoga Teacher Training
(899)

Ayurveda
(714)

Asia & Oceania
(2,594)

India
(1,133)

Rishikesh
(462)

Rishikesh Yoga Teacher Training Center
(3)





29 Days 200-Hour Fusion Yoga Teacher Training in Rishikesh, India


Rishikesh Yoga Teacher Training Center,  Nishant Garden Resort, Laxman Jhula, Gulab Nagar, Tapovan, Rishikesh, Uttarakhand, India



303
Total of people that favorited this listing




























“Discover the delight of teaching yoga!”





























29 Days 200-Hour Fusion Yoga Teacher Training in Rishikesh, India

Rishikesh Yoga Teacher Training Center,  Nishant Garden Resort, Laxman Jhula, Gulab Nagar, Tapovan, Rishikesh, Uttarakhand, India

India Yoga Teacher Training

Rishikesh Yoga Teacher Training Center is offering this 200-hour fusion yoga teacher's training course to provide a traditional style of yoga, comprehensive and genuine knowledge of philosophy, yogic life, asana-pranayama, anatomy, meditation-breathing techniques, mantra-chanting, spiritual life, and much more. You will learn from enthusiastic yoga teachers who have studied yoga, meditation, and spiritual techniques from yoga universities (Gurukulam) since their childhood. Rishikesh Yoga teacher Training Center’s main focus is to have a small and intimate class setting for individualized and personalized attention from our teachers. As well as creating an open atmosphere and special bond between the students, teachers and the RishikeshYTTC team.

Highlights

Daily yoga classes

Certified yoga instructors

2 class of yoga therapy every week

Certification upon completion affiliated with Yoga Alliance

Daily mantra chanting, meditation, asana, anatomy, and philosophy

28 nights accommodation in ashram

Free Indian traditional cooking class

3 fresh organic vegetarian meals


25 days with instruction

English

Show full description


100% Satisfaction Guarantee
by BookYogaRetreats.com
We are so sure youâ€™ll be satisfied with
Rishikesh Yoga Teacher Training Center Yoga Retreat
that if the experience is not as expected, we will refund you. Everyone that pays via the BookYogaRetreats.com system is protected by 100% Satisfaction Guarantee!
Learn more

100% Satisfaction Guarantee by BookYogaRetreats.com
When you are not satisfied, we are not satisfied. Book via the BookYogaRetreats.com payment system and be sure that you will get the experience you expect or we will refund you. We have your back!
Money-Back Guarantee applies if:
Within 24 hours after the arrival date you contact organiser and
[email protected]
.

Within 24 hours after the arrival date you leave your booked retreat and accommodation.
Money-Back Guarantee terms:
All transactions have to be done via the BookYogaRetreats.com payment system.

The guarantee does not apply to any taxes or fees collected by any third party.

All claims are subject to verification by BookYogaRetreats.

It may take up to 30 days for your refund to appear on your credit card.

BookYogaRetreats.com reserves the right to modify the Money-Back Guarantee.
BookYogaRetreats.com promises that you will get what you pay for.

Hide all


Accommodation



During the course, you will be staying at Rishikesh Yoga Teacher Training Center in Tapovan Nishant Garden Resort, Rishikesh, India. The school is situated in the heart of the Rishikesh, Next to the famous hanging bridge and holy ganga (Holy river). The Ashram is peaceful and surrounded by beautiful green mountains. There are 2 yoga studios, dining area, a beautiful green garden front of the Ashram and a roof top. Everything is close by the Ashram such as shops, cafes, Restaurant, ATM, healthcare, organic stores.
Rishikesh Yoga Teacher Training Center offer single and double room based on the student’s requirements. Every room has attached bathroom with western toilet and hot shower, balcony with mountain or garden view. The rooms for the yogis are well maintained and clean. They offer bed sheets, pillows, bath towels, toilet paper, blanket and welcome amenities upon arrival. Good Wi-Fi is included in every floor. Water and laundry service is also available.

Amenities upon arrival:

1. A small fruit basket
2. Water bottle
3. Welcome drink
4. Refreshing towel
5. Flower Mala
6. Soap


Rishikesh Yoga Teacher Training Center India Yoga Retreat Program



This 200 hours fusion yoga teacher training course includes Meditation, mantra chanting, shatkriya, Hatha, Ashtanga Vinyasa, Anatomy, yoga philosophy, Ayurveda and group discussion class, together with the practice of various different level of asanas with their benefits. During your stay with Rishikesh YTTC, you will experience a life changing opportunity which will give you one the most memorable moment in your life and this holy journey will lead your path towards to enlightenment and becoming a great teacher.
During the opening (welcoming) ceremony you will be provided with a complete yoga kit which includes yoga mat, books for study, notebook, water bottle, neti-pot, rubber neti, school t-shirt and rudraksha mala. Rishikesh Yoga Teacher Training Center have made their 200 hours yoga teacher training course in such a unique way so it suitable for all the different level of students as it’s includes yoga for beginners, primary series, intermediate series and advance level. Rishikesh YTTC is a well-known yoga Ashram in Rishikesh which is registered with Yoga Alliance USA. After completion of the course you will be awarded by Yoga Alliance USA certificate which mean you will be able to teach yoga anywhere around the world.
Every single student in class will get the personal attention from the individual teachers as our all the yoga gurus are highly qualified, experienced holder and well-known name in India. Some of the yoga teacher used to teach yoga in many famous destination such as Seychelles (Desroches Island), Sofitel the palm Dubai resorts and spa and Zaya Nurai Island in Abu Dhabi, UAE.

Certifications

Upon completion of the 200 hours yoga teacher training course our students will be awarded by Yoga Alliance USA certificate. Registration with Yoga Alliance provides a globally recognized credential.
This 200 hours yoga teacher training course is for those who would like to deepen their practice, for new learners and for beginners. This program is registered with Yoga Alliance USA. It is for those who would like to deepen their knowledge and practice in different aspects of yoga, anatomy, Ayurvedic therapies, and yogic life. During the course, you will assimilate not only the main subject of yoga but also learn the principles of yogic philosophy which will put you on the right path.
You will expand in the world of yoga, develop spiritually and physically and improve your knowledge, professional skills, and the ability to teach yoga in your specific way. You will have special classes to understand the nuances of class teachings based on yogic principles and discussions on philosophical topics that will help streamline the approach and experiences of yogic practices in the class.
Apart from teaching the technical aspects of class teaching, very interactive and vibrant discussions on various aspects of yogic lifestyle and ethics of yoga teacher will be encouraged. There will be sessions of talk and interactive discussions on different aspects of class teaching and presentation.
The dedicated and experienced panel of yoga teachers and gurus, at Rishikesh Yoga Teacher Training Center, have immense knowledge of vinyasa yoga flows, vinyasa yoga poses, different kinds of yoga, Ashtanga yoga, Hatha yoga, meditation and much more, following a unique way of making seekers learn, providing full attention on the needs of people personally as well as professionally. The staff is highly cooperative and ensures to make your stay as convenient as possible.

Meditation

You are starting your day with morning mantra chanting continue with shat-kriya and finished with meditation.
1.Mantra chanting meditation
2. Breathing meditation
3. Bhajan/kirtan
4. Trataka (candle meditation)
5. Silence practise meditation

Pranayama

Pranayama is generally defined as breath control. Although this interpretation may seem correct in view of the practices involved, it does not convey the full meaning of the term. The word pranayama is comprised of two roots: ‘prana’ plus ‘ayama’. Prana means vital energy or life force.

1st week (study)

1.  Introduction of pranayama
2. Benefits of pranayama
3. Explain the pranic body
4. Prana and lifestyle
5. Breath, health & pranayama
6. Pranayama and the spiritual aspirants

2nd week (practical & theory)

1. Nadishodhana pranayama
2. Sheetali pranayama
3. Sheetkari pranayama
4. Bramari pranayama
5. Ujjayi pranayama
6. Bhastrika pranayama
7. Kapalbhati pranayama
8. Surya Bheda pranayama

3rd week (mudra)

1. Jnana mudra
2. Chin mudra
3. Yoni mudra
4. Bhairava mudra
5. Hridya mudra
6. Shambhavi mudra
7. Khechari mudra
8. Kaki mudra
9. Bhoochari mudra
10. Akashi mudra

4th week Bandha (energy lock)

First definition of the bandha is that by restraining or locking the muscle on a physical level.
1. Preparation for Bandha
2.  Benefits of Bandha
3. Mula Bandha
4. Jalandhara Bandha
5. Uddiyana Bandha

Mantra chanting

1. Om chanting
2. MahaMrityunjaya Mantra
3. Gayatri Mantra
4. Guru Vandana (prayer to Guru)
5. Prayer before class and meal

Shatkarma (the six purification methods in hatha yoga

Shatkarma is the Sanskrit term for one of the six yogic purification techniques (kriyas) as outlined in the "Hatha Yoga Pradipika." The purpose of these cleansing techniques is to keep the body strong, clean and healthy. They are said to remove toxins and anything blocking the flow of prana in the body.
Practicing shatkarmas internally purifies the body, which makes pranayama and meditation practice easier by preparing the body to perform these practices without distraction, discomfort or fatigue. This is a traditional yogic cleansing technique which is very effective and good to remove many illnesses and open the body blockages.
1. Agni Saar
2. Jal Neti
3. Ruber Neti
4. Sutra Neti
Yoga is not an ancient myth buried in oblivion. It is the most valuable inheritance of the present. It is the essential need of today and the culture of tomorrow.

Hatha yoga

Rejuvenate your mind and soul with the Indian traditional yoga style called "Hatha" which will lift your body stamina and strength. This is the most popular and beneficial yoga style.
1. Joints moments
2. Surya namaskara (sun Salutation) & Chandra Namaskara (moon salutation)
3. Yoga Mudrasana
4.	Matsyasana
5. Gupta Padmasana
6.	Baddha Padmasana
7.	Lolasana
8.	Kukkutasana
9.	Garbhasana

Backward bending Asanas 1st & 2nd week

1. SaralBhujangasana (Easy cobra pose)
2. Bhujangasana (Cobra pose)
3. TiryakaBhujangasana (twisting cobra pose)
4. Sarpasana (snake pose)
5. ArdhaShalabhasana (half locust pose)
6. Shalabhasana (locust pose)
7. SaralDhanurasana (easy bow pose)
8. Kandharasana (shoulder pose)
9. Ardha Chandrasana (half moon pose)
10. Setu Asana (bridge pose)
11. Gomukhasana (cow’s face pose)

Forward bending Asanas 3rd & 4th week

1. Paschimottanasana (back stretching pose)
2. GatyatmakPaschimottanasasna (dynamic back stretch pose)
3. PadaPrasarPaschimottanasana (legs spread back stretch pose)
4. JanuSirshasana (head to knee pose)
5. Ardha Padma paschimottanasana (half lotus back stretching pose)
6. Hasta PadaAngushthasana (finger to toe stretch)
7. Padahastasana (hand to foot pose)
8. SirshaAngusthaYogasana (head to toe pose)
9. Utthitajanusirshasana (standing head between knees pose)

Spinal twisting & Advance Asanas 3rd & 4th week

1. ArdhaMatsyendrasana (half spinal twist)
2. ParivrittiJanuSirsasana (spiralled head to knee pose)
3.	Poornabhujangasana (full cobra pose)
4.	Kurmasana (tortoise pose)
5.	Poornashalabhasana (full locust pose)
6.	PoornaDhanurasana (full bow pose)
7.	Dhanu-rakarshan-asana (archer’s posed)
8.	Chakrasana (wheel pose)
9.	Hanumanasana (leg splitting pose)
10. Poornamatsyendrasana (full spinal twist pose)
11. Mayurasana (peacock pose)
12. Padma mayurasana (Lotus or bound peacock pose)
13. Gorakshasana (Yogi Gorakhnath’s pose)
14. Astavakrasana (eight-twists pose)
15. Vrischikasana (scorpion pose)
16. Inverted pose, balancing pose and core pose.

Teaching methodology & adjustment

During the class, you will learn how to do a perfect posture. You will also learn Ayurveda therapy, injuries, and rest and integrate your daily practice, basic knowledge of foot reflex, warming up, alignment, and core posture. Teaching methodology is one the most important part of the course as our students will learn the following:
1. How to conduct a class
2. Classroom management
3. How to get in and come out from the posture
4. How to assist & help while teaching the class
5. Which kind of words you should be using as a yoga teacher
6. What makes you different than other teachers in terms of teaching.
7. Which kind of asanas you should recommend with different health issue
8. How to use belts, bolster, bricks and chair during the class adjustment.

Yoga philosophy

Attend a theoretical class and lecture about the history of yoga and importance of yoga in your life and its origin in India. You can ask their questions and deepen your knowledge about the existence of yoga.

1st week

a. Introduction of yoga
b. Yoga Pantanjali sutra
c. 5 basic element
d. Injuries & rest
e. Integrating your daily practice
f. Principle of yoga

2nd week

1. 8 limbs of yoga
2. Yoga therapy
3. Yoga for stress, migraine and insomnia
4. Yoga for hypertension
5. Yoga for heart problem, blood pressure and diabetic

3rd week

1. Three Dosha
2. The Nadi and kundlani
3. Basic knowledge of Chakra and Ayurveda

4th week

1. Yogic diet
2. Difference between Satvic & Tamsic food
3. Group discussion
4. Clear doubt

Yoga anatomy

Yoga is considered to be a perfect medium to know oneself and his inner power. Anatomy classes expose the internal working of the body, bones, inner systems, and respiration that effect asanas and the flow. The basic structure and function of the organs and system is very important for the practitioners so that their work as yoga teacher can be more enhanced. Knowing the different types of joints and their range of motions helps our students to be safe from injuries and also keep safe  their students after they start teaching as a teacher.
1. Types of bones
2. Circulatory system
3. Types of heart block
4. Skeletal system

Ashtanga Vinyasa

An intensive and integral part of yoga, Ashtanga yoga style requires deep commitment and self-practice to achieve the goal. The retreat's yoga instructors are the best Ashtanga yoga teachers around Rishikesh, India.

Standing pose

1. Hasta Padangusthasana & Pada Hastasana
2. Utthita Tri Konasana
3. Parivrtta Tri Konasana
4. Utthitan Parsva Konasana
5. Parivrtta Parsva Konasana
6. Prasarita Padottanasana A, B, C & D
7. Utthita Parsvottanasana
8. Utthita Hasta Padangusthasana
9. Utthita Parsvasahita
10. Utthita Eka Padasana
11. Ardhabaddha Padmottanasana
12. Utkastasana
13. Virabhadrasana A,B and C
14. Primary Asanas
15. Paschimottanasana A, B and C
16. Purvottanasana
17. ArdhaBaddha Padma Paschimottanasana
18. Tirieng Mukha Eka Pada Paschimottanasana
19. JanuSirsasana A,B and C
20. Marichyasana A,B and D
21. Navasana
22. Lolasana
23. BhujaPidasana
24. Kurmasana
25. GarbhaPindasana
26. Kukkutasana
27. BaddhaKonasana A & B
28. Konasana A & B


Intermediate Asanas  (3rd & 4th week)

1. Salabhasana A & B
2. Dhanurasana
3. Ustrasana
4. Kapotasana A & B
5. SuptaVajrasana
6. BakasanaA
7. Bakasana B Jump
8. ArdhaMatsyendrasana
9. Yoga Nidrasana
10. Tittibhasana
11. PichaMayurasana
12. Vatayanasana
13. Gomukhasana A & B
14. Hasta Sirsasana (head stand)

Advanced A (optional)

g. Kasyapasana
h. Bhairavasana
i. UrdhvaKukkatasana A
j. Galavasana
k. EkaPadaViparitaDandasna
l. VipritaSalabhasana
m.	GandhaBherundasana
n. Hanumanasana
o. Natrajasana
p. Raja Kapotasana

Teaching methodology & adjustment

During the class, you will learn how to do a perfect posture. You will also learn Ayurveda therapy, injuries, and rest and integrate your daily practice, basic knowledge of foot reflex, warming up, alignment, and core posture.Teaching methodology is one the most important part of the course as our students will learn the following:
9. How to conduct a class
10. Classroom management
11. How to get in and come out from the posture
12. How to assist & help while teaching the class
13. Which kind of words you should be using as a yoga teacher
14. What makes you different than other teachers in terms of teaching.
15. Which kind of asanas you should recommend with different health issue
16. How to use belts, bolster, bricks and chair during the class adjustment.

200 hours yoga teacher training daily schedule:


05:00 Wake up

05:30 Morning tea

06:00 Pranayama, meditation, mantra chanting and Shak-karma

07:30 Hatha yoga

09:15 Breakfast

10:00 Yoga philosophy

11:15 Teaching methodology, adjustment & alignment

12:15 Lunch

14:15 Ashtanga yoga

16:00 Anatomy

17:20 Group discussion, silent meditation or self-study

19:00 Dinner



Included excursions



During this retreat, you will be enjoying a different trip or extra-curricular activity, on each day, as below:


Famous Parthmarth Niketan Aarti

White river rafting

Himalayan tour

Local market tour in Rishikesh

Waterfall trekking

Sightseeing of the famous ghats (river sides)



Instructors







Sanjeev Semwal

Yoga Alliance USA (Ashtanga Yoga)

Yogi Sanjeev is the founder and director of Rishikesh Yoga Teacher Training Center (formerly known as  Shiv Shakti Yoga School) and is a  master of teaching yoga teachers courses, retreats, and allied techniques. A holistic and dedicated soul Yogi Sanjeev is born in Brahmin family. He has grown up under the guidance of Swami L.R Bhatt. Yogi Sanjeev has spent his many years in the field of yoga and Ayurveda.





Yogi Rohit

Yogi Rohit is a young and dynamic teacher. He is certified Yoga Teacher. He teaches. Ashtanga and Vinyasa. His passion for teaching always inspires him to gain in-depth knowledge of his subject. His teaching is based on theory, discussion, and demonstration. His students love him for his perfection in correcting the postures and for his deep knowledge too.





Swami Shivabrahmananda Saraswati

Swami Shivabrahmananda Saraswati is a Sanyasi who left his home at the age of 19 in quest of spiritual knowledge. He talks on Yoga Philosophy based on Vedanta, Patanjali Yoga Sutra, and Bhagwad Gita. He spent three years on the banks of Narmada River doing penance.Following that he joined Arsha vidya peetham, Rishikesh where he completed the three year Vedanta course conducted by Dayananda ashram from 2003 to 2006. After the course, Pujya Swami Dayananda Saraswati sent him to the tribal belt in Madya Pradesh to start a free student home. He spent three years managing the student home.





Yogini Christine

Christine was born and raised in Austria and since childhood, she has been fascinated by spirituality and drawn to Eastern philosophy. 
She completed a 500 hours yoga teacher training with yoga alliance and has been teaching yoga and anatomy in different countries.
Besides physiotherapy and yoga, she is also certified in trigger point therapy and craniosacral therapy. Currently, she is studying Ayurveda to broaden her skills and understanding of life.
She teaches with integrity and her students benefit from her rich background in yoga, therapy, and healing.





Swami Tilak

Swami  Tilak is one of the very senior & well-known yoga teachers of Rishikesh city of Yoga, India.  A very clear & good English experience in teaching westerners from all around the world. He has done Master in Yoga from “Kaivalya institute, Pune, Mumbai. Experience of teaching from 1994 onwards.	 Soft & intensive both styles of Yoga teaching skills.





Dr. Sumit Sharma

Dr. Sumit (Anatomy Teacher)

Sumit has learned yoga and an expert in the fields of physical therapy, posture imbalance, and sedentary life disorders. He teaches yoga in combination with therapy and human physiological.
He has a Master’s degree from the orthopedic branch, in Physical therapy, and a diploma course in sports medicines from West Bengal. He has also done training as a Pilate’s instructor from Mangalore based Indian Academy of Fitness Training. Students like him for his style of teaching by which he conveys in-depth practical knowledge of Anatomy and Physiology to his students.


Location



This retreat will take place at Rishikesh Yoga Teacher Training Center in Rishikesh, India. Popular all around as the Yoga capital, Rishikesh is a perfect place to learn and study yoga. Surrounded by beautiful mountains, lush green surroundings, holy and mighty Ganges, Himalayan foothills, and tranquility, one can instantly get a natural feeling of sigh, contentment and happiness. All set to take you on a spiritual and enjoyable journey to India, and cherish the yoga teacher training with an enhanced and uplifted spirit and feel compassion and love for everything life have given to you and for all that, which is surrounding you. Have the unique chance to experience the nature & the animals around the school such as different types of monkeys, squirrels, birds, and cows. It provides an extraordinary feeling to all who are dedicated to spiritual transformation, internal development, and environmental sustainability. The staff will overwhelm you with their hospitality and desire to make your stay the best ever.



Food



Daily freshly made vegetarian meals are included in the price. The food is fully prepared hygienically and the vegetable is organic. Rishikesh Yoga Teacher Training Center food is well known all around the world for its taste and verities.
When diet is wrong medicine is of no use. When diet is correct medicine is of no need. ~Ayurvedic Proverb.
Isn’t it enough just to practice the Yoga, do we have to regulate our food?’ wonder many. In itself, practicing yoga, is not just a healthy life but at Rishikesh YTTC, they believe that it is also a way of Living, but when complemented with the healthy food habits, it can really create wonders. In fact, eating the right food is an essential part of living a yogic Life.
What we eat, not only influences our physical well being, but also our emotions and thoughts. Yoga, does not dissect food into proteins, carbohydrates or fats, instead it classifies them according to the effect they have on the body and mind, into three types - Satva, Rajas and Tamas. Tamasic food is the kind of food which makes us lethargic or sluggish, while Rajasic food is that which brings about activity or restlessness. Whereas, Sattvic food is the kind which makes you feel light, energetic and enthusiastic.
Sattvic foods are those which purify the body and calm the mind. They stimulate the body and mind into action. Cooked food that is consumed within 3-4 hours can be considered sattvic as Rishikesh Yoga Teacher Training Center focus on well being of our students they do sattvic diet for all of them. These menus are created by their Master Chef Sandeep Semwal who had worked with some of the best Five star Hotels around the world and carries great knowledge about sattvic diet along with this he focuses on hygiene practices at our institution to ensure the food is safe and carries great nutritional values which is much needed  for healthy life.
Not just the right kind of food, it is vital to eat the proper quantity of food at the right time. Overindulging leads to lethargy while under eating will not provide enough nourishment. Most of the times we know that our stomach is full but tempted by the taste buds we tend to indulge. The right amount of food cannot be quantified into cups or grams, when we listen to our body attentively we will know when exactly to stop!
We might eat the right kind of food in the right quantity but if we are irregular with our timings then the whole system goes for a toss and the natural rhythm of the body is hampered. Therefore it is of prime importance to eat food at the same time everyday and eat it at regular intervals.
It is said that the state of the mind of the person cooking/ eating also affects the food. The energy in the food cooked by someone while he/she was angry will definitely be lower than that of someone who cooked it with a feeling of love, contentment and gratitude. Listening to some soothing music or chanting while cooking and eating can help retain the Prana (life force energy) in the food. It is definitely worthwhile to pay some attention to the food that we eat as the ancient Indian texts say that we are what we eat!


Things to do (optional)



The most amazing things to do in Rishikesh. This activities are not included in the package but Rishikesh Yoga Teacher Training Center can arrange upon request.
1. River rafting- The most popular thing to do in Rishikesh

River rafting routes:


Kaudiyala- Marine Drive (10 kilometers with grade III & IV)

Marine Drive- Shivpuri (11 kilometers with grade II & III)

Shivpuri-Brahmpuri (11 kilometers with grade I & II)

Brahmpuri-Lakshman Jhula (9 kilometers with grade I)


2. Bungee jumping
3. Camping and bonfire
4. Mountain biking
5. Flying fox
6. Cliff jumping
7. Trekking
8. Rappelling and rock climbing
9. Kayaking
10. Ayurvedic massage and therapies
11. Parasailing and paragliding
12. Attend Ganga Arti
13. Experience the Traditional Indian culture


What's included



1 sight-seeing tour

1 trekking tour

1 white river rafting

1 60-minutes Ayurvedic massage

2 herbal teas

2 yoga books, yoga mats, 1 text book and pen

3 fresh organic vegetarian meals

28 nights’ accommodation

Complimentary pick-up from Dehradun Airport to school

Yoga Alliance certificate

One mala (Indian Mantra necklace)


What's not included



Airfare

Personal expenses

Drop off from the school to airport


How to get there



Arrival by airplane

Please book your flight to arrive at Indira Gandhi International Airport (DEL), from where you can take a domestic flight to Jolly Grant Airport Dehradun (DED). Upon your arrival, we have a complimentary taxi waiting for you, which will bring you from Dehradun airport to our yoga school at Laxman Jhula.

Arrival by bus

From the Delhi airport, you can get a taxi to bring you to Delhi ISBT bus station. From there you can find many government and private transportation to bring you to Rishikesh. Once you arrive at Rishikesh bus station, your complimentary pick up will be waiting for you to bring you to our yoga school at Laxman Jhula.

Arrival by train

The nearest railway station is Haridwar train station. From there you will find many buses, taxis and other transportation services that will bring you to Rishikesh. If you want Rishikesh Yoga Teacher Training Center to help you arrange transportation from Haridwar, kindly let them know.


Cancellation Policy



A reservation requires a deposit of 22% of the total price.

The deposit is non-refundable, if the booking is cancelled.

The rest of the payment should be paid on arrival.

Back to Top


Great
9
/10

12 reviews

9.16667
Value for money

8.54167
Accommodation & facilities

9.375
Food

8.95833
Location

9.375
Quality of activity

9.31818
Overall impression




Rishikesh Yoga Teacher Training Center
Rishikesh, India
Rishikesh Yoga Teacher Training Center is a Rishikesh, India based yoga training center, offering traditional and professional yoga teachers course.

Availability:
The Yoga Retreats of this organizer are available 99% of the time.


Send message to Rishikesh Yoga Teacher Training Center
Loading...

This listing has one of the 10 most popular offers available in India



from

--


29 days / 28 nights




Select arrival date:






1 person
Shared double room
Retreat center

--

Total price



1 person
Private single room
Retreat center

--

Total price



2 persons
Private double room
Retreat center

--

Total price





Instant reservation online




You recently viewed


29 Days 200-Hour Yoga Teacher Training in Koh Phangan, Thailand
55 people currently interested



28 Days 200-Hour Ayurveda and Yoga Teacher Training in Kerala, India
55 people currently interested



30 Days 200-Hour Multi-Style Yoga Teacher Training in Koh Phangan, Thailand
22 people currently interested



28 Days 200-Hour Multi-Style Yoga Teacher Training in Koh Phangan, Thailand
32 people currently interested



27 Days 200 Hour Ancient YTT in Rishikesh
8 people currently interested



Our most popular


28 Days 200-Hour Ayurveda and Yoga Teacher Training in Kerala, India
55 people currently interested



27 Days 200-Hour Hatha Yoga Teacher Training in Rishikesh, India
23 people currently interested



30 Days 200-Hour Multi-Style Yoga Teacher Training in Koh Phangan, Thailand
22 people currently interested



18 Days 200-Hour Divine Goddess Yoga Teacher Training Hawaii, USA
22 people currently interested



28 Days 200-Hour Yoga Teacher Training in Goa, India
9 people currently interested




Why choose BookYogaRetreats.com
Best Price Guaranteed

5874 Yoga Retreats Worldwide

Friendly and Fast Customer Service

Offers for every budget

You might be interested in


Yoga Teacher Training



Beginner Yoga Courses



Yoga Meditation Retreats



Yoga Spiritual Retreats



Vegetarian Yoga Retreats



200-Hour Yoga Teacher Training



Yoga Tours



Advanced Yoga Courses



Mantras Yoga Retreats



Pranayama Yoga Retreats



Yoga Retreats Ayurveda



Yoga Retreats Hatha



Yoga Retreats Vinyasa



Yoga Retreats Ashtanga



Yoga Retreats in Asia & Oceania



Yoga Retreats in India



Yoga Retreats in Rishikesh



Yoga Retreats in Tapovan



Yoga Retreats in Uttarakhand







BookYogaRetreats
.com


BookYogaRetreats.com
Contact Us

Press Room

Customer Service

About us

Write for us

Add / Manage your business

Become An Affiliate

Newsletter Sign Up

Terms and Privacy

Site Map
Popular
Yoga Weekend

Luxury Yoga Retreats

Yoga Retreat Costa Rica

Costa Rica Yoga & Surf

Yoga Retreat Greece

Yoga Retreats USA

Yoga Retreat Ibiza

YTT Costa Rica


Recent Blog Articles


6 Ways Yoga Could Help You Learn a New Language

Remote Yoga Retreats in the US

How a Short Yoga Break Can Immediately Boost Your Mood

Pros and Cons of Drinking Water during Yoga

Embracing Our Masculine & Feminine Side


Our Other Themes

BookMartialArts

BookCulinaryVacations

BookSurfCamps

BookMeditationRetreats

BookYogaTeacherTraining

BookDetoxRetreats

BookAllSafaris

BookMotorcycleTours


facebook



twitter



youtube



instagram


Copyright © 2017 BookYogaRetreats.com.
All rights reserved. Powered by:
Tripaneer.com
.





Sign Up for Our Newsletter
Don't miss our special promotions, exclusive offers, new destinations and inspirational stories!
We respect your privacy. We will not publish or share your email address in any way.
Email