
6 Ways Yoga Could Help You Learn a New Language - BookYogaRetreats.com






































BookYogaRetreats.com

Yoga Retreats and Holidays




My Wishlist (
0
)










English




Deutsch




Français




Nederlands




Español





CHF





AUD

Australian Dollar




CAD

Canadian Dollar




€

Euro




£

British Pound




US$

United States Dollar




R$

Brazilian Real




CHF

Swiss Franc




CNY

Chinese Renminbi Yuan




CZK

Czech Koruna




DKK

Danish Krone




HKD

Hong Kong Dollar






Rp

Indonesian Rupiah




₪

Israeli New Sheqel




Rs.

Indian Rupee




¥

Japanese Yen




KRW

South Korean Won




MXN

Mexican Peso




MYR

Malaysian Ringgit




NOK

Norwegian Krone




NZD

New Zealand Dollar




PHP

Philippine Peso




PLN

Polish Złoty






RUB

Russian Ruble




SEK

Swedish Krona




S$

Singapore Dollar




THB

Thai Baht




TRY

Turkish Lira




ZAR

South Africa, Rand





Partners

Help





Back to blog

6 Ways Yoga Could Help You Learn a New Language


Brenda Savoie
fri December 1, 2017
Did you know that when you started practicing yoga, you also started learning a new language? Sanskrit, that is. Think about it:
Savasana, Ahimsa, Ayurveda, Paschimottanasana…
Should we go any further?

Well, that was a joke. You’re not really learning Sanskrit, you’re just remembering the Sanskrit names of the yoga poses and principles of the philosophy. However, yoga is still helping you
learn a language
. Any language. The practice goes far beyond stretching your body, it stretches your mind too.

Do you want some science with that? Sure. A
study from 2010
concluded that consciousness turns learners into more thinking, perceiving, acting, and interactive persons. Instead of being passive receivers of knowledge, they learn from a cognitive and social perspective.
Language awareness
is a big trend in the world of academia. It’s a holistic approach to language learning, based on conscious perception and sensitivity.
Yoga
helps you get there.

How exactly does yoga help you become a better second language learner? We’ll list 6 ways it does that.



1. It Helps You Develop Good Habits




Sooner or later on your yoga journey, you’ll come across the principle of
abhyasa
. It teaches you that for success in yoga, you have to make continuous efforts throughout a longer period of time. It pushes you towards a consistent yoga practice that turns into a habit.

Regularity is a key
to success in language learning, too. When you practice it in accordance with the principle of
abhyasa
, you become a more dedicated learner. Needless to say, that also makes you a more successful one.



2. It Teaches You to Appreciate the Journey




When you focus on getting into a new asana, you’re aware you will probably not make it from attempt one. You realize that it takes practice. It takes trial and error. You have to observe how your body and mind behave in that position. You have to prepare them for it. The final goal, the pose, is not what you’re focused on. You’re focused on the journey and the things it teaches you.

This is a good quality that supports the
language learning
process. You’re not focused on a final goal like “I’ll be fluent in this language.” You’re paying attention to each step that leads you to fluency. That keeps you motivated and
conscious
.



3. You Become Aware of the Work of Each Muscle




A new language comes with new
sounds
. That’s one of the biggest problems for language learners. That’s why Russians make English sound rough, and that’s why native English speakers can’t nail French pronunciation.

To pronounce those sounds, you have to get your face muscles into the right position.

Throughout your yoga practice, you learn how to focus on each muscle. You understand its role in a particular position. You learn how to activate and relax it when necessary. You can easily translate this kind of attention to your face muscles.



4. You Stop Comparing Yourself to Others




When you first started yoga, you probably compared yourself to other practitioners. You even compared yourself to the
teacher
and assistant, wondering when you’d be able to do everything they did with their bodies. But you learned not to do that, right?

You learned that comparisons had no place in a successful yoga practice. You are you. You have a specific body structure with a unique mind that accompanies it. You learned how to focus on your own progress. Now, you’re only comparing yourself to yourself.

That’s a healthy habit to have in language learners. Comparisons with others are demotivating. No matter how much you progress, there’s always someone who’s doing better than you. Yoga teaches you to focus on your own language learning journey.



5. You Realize the Real Work Happens Outside the Classroom




Yoga is not only asanas and relaxation, is it? You don’t stop implementing its principles as soon as the class is over. They become part of your life.

How do you translate this behavior into language learning? You surrender to the challenge, 24/7. When you’re watching a movie, you start translating words into the language you’re learning. You get interested in watching movies and listening to music in that language.

At one point or another, you’ll even start thinking in the foreign language. At that moment, you know you’ve made it.



6. You Understand the Importance of Finding a Good Teacher




Finding the perfect yoga teacher
is not easy. Sometimes, however, it looks like
they
find
you
. When you “click” with a teacher, you know it’s the right thing. It’s like they are speaking to your soul.

If you’re not inspired by a teacher or you don’t trust them, you’ll limp heavily throughout your yoga journey. You know you have to look for someone else.

The same thing happens when you’re learning a foreign language. If the teacher is not the perfect fit for you, you won’t be looking forward to the classes. You have to search for another teacher, who will know how to approach your individual learning needs.



Conclusion



Once again, we learn the same lesson: yoga is a lifestyle. It changes your habits. It changes your approach to challenges. If you decide to start learning a foreign language, you’ll notice how yoga principles make you more successful.

You expect the first attempts to be humiliating, just like your first try to do a handstand was. However, you surrender to the journey. You focus on every single step and you know that as long as you keep practicing, the results will come.



Did you know you start learning a new language during a yoga retreat? There are several options where you’ll get to
speak Spanish on a yoga holiday
!


Read more articles by Brenda at
Bestessays

or follow
her on
Twitter
and
Facebook.

Other Articles You Might Like:


Understanding the Meaning of Asanas​

Ayurveda - Vedic Medical Science​

Istanbul: A City of Cats and Yoga​

5 Cheap Airports to Fly into the Best Yoga Destinations​




About

Brenda Savoie
Brenda Savoie is a content marketer at Bestessays, life coach, and desperate dreamer. Writing her first romance novel. Seeking contentment through mindfulness.



BookYogaRetreats
.com

BookYogaRetreats.com is the best source for booking your yoga travel experience. We are the largest yoga travel website with 2339 organizers in 259 destinations in the world.
About BookYogaRetreats.com

Book a Yoga Retreat

Follow Us

facebook



twitter



youtube



instagram


Latest Posts


6 Ways Yoga Could Help You Learn a New Language
by Brenda Savoie



Remote Yoga Retreats in the US
by Damien Troy



How a Short Yoga Break Can Immediately Boost Your Mood
by Henry Moore



Pros and Cons of Drinking Water during Yoga
by Andrea Fiona Dale



Embracing Our Masculine & Feminine Side
by Cintia Silva


Top Yoga Retreats


28 Days 200-Hour Ayurveda and Yoga Teacher Training in Kerala, India
55 people currently interested



27 Days 200-Hour Hatha Yoga Teacher Training in Rishikesh, India
23 people currently interested



30 Days 200-Hour Multi-Style Yoga Teacher Training in Koh Phangan, Thailand
22 people currently interested



18 Days 200-Hour Divine Goddess Yoga Teacher Training Hawaii, USA
22 people currently interested



28 Days 200-Hour Yoga Teacher Training in Goa, India
9 people currently interested



Why choose BookYogaRetreats.com
Best Price Guaranteed

5874 Yoga Retreats Worldwide

Friendly and Fast Customer Service

Offers for every budget

Get our special offers in your inbox and start planning your next dream vacation!
Subscribe to our newsletter now and save money!
Subscribe


Top 5 Remote Yoga Retreats in the US

If you’re feeling the strains and stresses of everyday life, why not escape from it all at one of the many remote yoga retreats in the US? Yoga has been increasing in popularity in the country over the past decade, meaning there are now dozens of world-class teachers across the country.


Read more
Read more


Damien Troy
thu November 30, 2017

How a Short Yoga Retreat Can Immediately Boost Your Mood

It’s starting to get to you. Every day, you wake up, spend most of your time working, and then try to squeeze a little fun into your schedule before the family demands your attention. You’re an adult, and you know this is part of life. But it sure would be nice to stop feeling so irritable and tired.


Read more
Read more


Henry Moore
wed November 29, 2017

Pros and Cons of Drinking Water during Yoga (+ Helpful Tips)

Is it okay to drink water during yoga practice to quench that burning thirst, or do you better wait until class is over before you have your next refreshing sip? This has been an ongoing debate among yoga students, teachers, and gurus.


Read more
Read more


Andrea Fiona Dale
mon November 27, 2017

Who Are the Most Influential Yogis On the Web? (Top 5 Yoga Influencers)

It’s no secret that yoga has completely taken over the western hemisphere during the past few decades. You can find an abundance of yoga studios almost everywhere, you are likely to have at least a couple of friends who practice yoga, you’ve probably heard of at least one famous yoga personality, and it feels as if there is a new yoga style coming up every other day.


Read more
Read more


Alberto G. Güitrón
sat November 25, 2017

The WoMan: A Yoga Retreat To Embrace Our Masculine and Feminine Side

Although western yoga has gained a reputation for being a female-dominated practice, classic yoga was initially a male-only philosophy. It was not until relatively late, in 1937, that
Indra Devi,
also known as ‘the first lady of yoga’, was accepted to study under
Sri Krishnamacharya
.


Read more
Read more


Cintia Silva
fri November 24, 2017


Back to blog







BookYogaRetreats
.com


BookYogaRetreats.com
Contact Us

Press Room

Customer Service

About us

Write for us

Add / Manage your business

Become An Affiliate

Newsletter Sign Up

Terms and Privacy

Site Map
Popular
Yoga Weekend

Luxury Yoga Retreats

Yoga Retreat Costa Rica

Costa Rica Yoga & Surf

Yoga Retreat Greece

Yoga Retreats USA

Yoga Retreat Ibiza

YTT Costa Rica


Recent Blog Articles


6 Ways Yoga Could Help You Learn a New Language

Remote Yoga Retreats in the US

How a Short Yoga Break Can Immediately Boost Your Mood

Pros and Cons of Drinking Water during Yoga

Embracing Our Masculine & Feminine Side


Our Other Themes

BookMartialArts

BookCulinaryVacations

BookSurfCamps

BookMeditationRetreats

BookYogaTeacherTraining

BookDetoxRetreats

BookAllSafaris

BookMotorcycleTours


facebook



twitter



youtube



instagram


Copyright © 2017 BookYogaRetreats.com.
All rights reserved. Powered by:
Tripaneer.com
.










Sign Up for Our Newsletter
Don't miss our special promotions, exclusive offers, new destinations and inspirational stories!
We respect your privacy. We will not publish or share your email address in any way.
Email