
28 Days 200-Hour Ayurveda and Yoga Teacher Training in Kerala, India - BookYogaRetreats.com







































BookYogaRetreats.com

Yoga Retreats and Holidays




My Wishlist (
0
)










English




Deutsch




Français




Nederlands




Español





CHF





AUD

Australian Dollar




CAD

Canadian Dollar




€

Euro




£

British Pound




US$

United States Dollar




R$

Brazilian Real




CHF

Swiss Franc




CNY

Chinese Renminbi Yuan




CZK

Czech Koruna




DKK

Danish Krone




HKD

Hong Kong Dollar






Rp

Indonesian Rupiah




₪

Israeli New Sheqel




Rs.

Indian Rupee




¥

Japanese Yen




KRW

South Korean Won




MXN

Mexican Peso




MYR

Malaysian Ringgit




NOK

Norwegian Krone




NZD

New Zealand Dollar




PHP

Philippine Peso




PLN

Polish Złoty






RUB

Russian Ruble




SEK

Swedish Krona




S$

Singapore Dollar




THB

Thai Baht




TRY

Turkish Lira




ZAR

South Africa, Rand





Partners

Help






Yoga Retreats
(5,874)

Yoga Teacher Training
(899)

Ayurveda
(714)

Asia & Oceania
(2,594)

India
(1,133)

Kerala
(158)

Rishikul Yogshala
(11)





28 Days 200-Hour Ayurveda and Yoga Teacher Training in Kerala, India


Savithri INN Bamboo Cottages & Resorts, Thiruvambadi Beach, North-End Cliff, Varkala, Thiruvananthapuram , Kerala, India – 695141



169
Total of people that favorited this listing



























“Get relaxed and certified!”




























28 Days 200-Hour Ayurveda and Yoga Teacher Training in Kerala, India

Savithri INN Bamboo Cottages & Resorts, Thiruvambadi Beach, North-End Cliff, Varkala, Thiruvananthapuram , Kerala, India – 695141

200-Hour Yoga Teacher Training in Kerala

Rishikul Yogshala’s 200-hour yoga teacher training in Kerala will be life transforming! Collectively with extensive Yoga, Ayurveda, Meditation and fresh vegetarian ultra-healthy (and equally delectable) diet; you'll not only transform into a certified yoga teacher, but you'll be in the best mental and physical shape of yourself. Additionally, you'll grasp in the sanctity of the most stunning place on earth, breathtaking Kerala. Imagine yourself in the mesmerizing whether, living in one of a kind bamboo huts, strolling upon stunning beaches with turquoise water that is crystal clear, getting high on yoga, enjoying ayurvedic therapies and delicious healthy food!

Highlights

Comprehensive study of traditional yoga asanas

Art of adjustment & alignment while avoiding any injury

Study of human anatomy and its application in yogic science

Study of Yogic literature and theory related to the science of yoga in Yogic philosophy

Yogic Cooking classes and wholesome yogic meals

Principles of Ayurveda and Ayurvedic diet

27 nights accommodation


28 days with instruction

English

Show full description


100% Satisfaction Guarantee
by BookYogaRetreats.com
We are so sure youâ€™ll be satisfied with
Rishikul Yogshala Yoga Retreat
that if the experience is not as expected, we will refund you. Everyone that pays via the BookYogaRetreats.com system is protected by 100% Satisfaction Guarantee!
Learn more

100% Satisfaction Guarantee by BookYogaRetreats.com
When you are not satisfied, we are not satisfied. Book via the BookYogaRetreats.com payment system and be sure that you will get the experience you expect or we will refund you. We have your back!
Money-Back Guarantee applies if:
Within 24 hours after the arrival date you contact organiser and
[email protected]
.

Within 24 hours after the arrival date you leave your booked retreat and accommodation.
Money-Back Guarantee terms:
All transactions have to be done via the BookYogaRetreats.com payment system.

The guarantee does not apply to any taxes or fees collected by any third party.

All claims are subject to verification by BookYogaRetreats.

It may take up to 30 days for your refund to appear on your credit card.

BookYogaRetreats.com reserves the right to modify the Money-Back Guarantee.
BookYogaRetreats.com promises that you will get what you pay for.

Hide all


Accommodation



Bamboo huts situated amidst lush green natural surrounds offer a soul-reviving stay at the resort. Each hut has a private wash room and balcony lined with furniture made of wood. Enjoy the moonlight symphony with a rejuvenating escape in lap of nature. All rooms are facilitated with twin beds along with mosquito nets, fans, lights, etc. to ensure a cozy stay. The rooms are allotted on both single and sharing basis.


Rishikul Yogshala 200hr Teacher Training Yoga Retreat Program



Rishikul Yogshala is Yoga Alliance Certified School nested in the motherland of yoga and propagating the Vedic Knowledge since past few years and, truly one of a kind in Kerala to offer intensive 200 Hour Yoga TTC along with the study of Ayurveda. The highly experienced RYT Certified teachers are well-versed on the Vedic subjects like Yoga, Ayurveda, Meditation and Restorative Therapies. Ranging from Sunrise yoga, Ayurvedic therapies, distinct meditation practices, to getting nearer to nature through an eco-forest stroll, all designed to relieve and relax your stress. Rishikul Yogshala’s primary purpose to conduct yoga teacher training in Kerala is to welcome the students to a place where they can enjoy, rejuvenate and self-discover during their stay. In your Ayurvedic and Yogic journey, you will be treated with utmost attention and care.
With the divine intent of spiritual reconciliation and physical rejuvenation, Rishikul Yogshala offers their 200 Hour Yoga TTC in the scenic lap of Kerala. The course is designed for all those who wish to attain a deeper understanding and practice of the yogic science in combination with the study of the miraculous benefits and implications of the healing science of Ayurveda. The program can be taken up by anyone from a beginner’s level yogi to a practicing yogi who wishes to enhance their yogic skills and knowledge on a deeper level. The course holds Yoga Alliance recognition and shall put you on the pedestal of becoming a sincere yoga practitioner and teacher. Those looking to become a yoga instructor with international acclaim can commence their journey with this Yoga and Ayurveda program.

Hatha Yoga


Sun salutation with 12 Surya mantras and its benefits

Traditional and classical Hatha yoga

Correct alignment and adjustments

The benefits of each asana

Terminologies and Sanskrit names and the meaning of asana

Modification of asana for various ability levels

How to use props correctly

Breath based training

Mudras or gestures


Ashtanga Yoga


Study of eight limbs of Yoga

In-depth study of Ashtanga Vinyasa

Primary series and secondary series

Details of all the involved asanas

Learn to concentrate on energy locks (bandhas)

Yama  (Principles or moral code)

Niyama(Personal Disciplines)

Asana (Yoga Positions or Yogic Postures)

Pranayama (Yogic Breathing)

Patyaharaa (Withdrawal of Senses)

Dharana (Concentration on Object)

Dhyan (Meditation)

Samadhi (Salvation)

State of Super bliss, joy and merging individual consciousness in to universal consciousness. Union between Jivatman and Paramatman. Realizing the Brahman (pure consciousness) or Realization of universe is the ultimate achievement of Human Birth


Yoga Philosophy/ Yoga Lifestyle


The base of the philosophy and history of yoga

An introduction to Sanskrit

Detailed study of the five yamas and niyamas that form the core of Yogic Lifestyle

Introduction to yoga sutras, Shiva sutras, kama sutras, and bhakti sutra

Study of all yoga hypothesis on the basis of ancient scriptures


Meditation


Guided and self-meditation

Learn how to guide others in meditation

The science of meditation and proper breathing

Yoga Nidra basic series up to four levels

Meditations and its practices


Pranayama


Knowledge of the breathing techniques beneficial to both the body and mind

Nadi Shodhanam, Bhastrika, Ujjai, Shetali and Shetkari, Nadi and Kapalbhati

The importance of diaphragmatic breathing

Stress and anxiety related breathing techniques

External Pranayama series up to two variations

Kumbhaka (retention) and pause less or continuous breathings

Levels of concentrations and its refinements


Yoga Anatomy


Theoretical knowledge necessary for teaching in the future

Ability to apply appropriate practices to improve and maintain health

Knowledge of the benefits and side effects of particular yoga practices

Techniques of observations and correcting the bodily systems and organs

Energy anatomy and physiology (chakras, nadis, and others)

Anatomy and psychological study of inhalation and exhalation

Anatomy of nerves system and respiratory systems

Anatomy of spinal cord and digestive systems


Adjustment and Alignment


Learn the art of perfecting the pose and avoiding injuries with correct alignment techniques

Self-understanding

Preparatory practice

Modification of asanas according to body types

Use of props such as yoga blocks, straps, yoga wheel, yoga wedge, and sand bag

Timing and duration of each asanas as per body limitations and types

Therapeutic benefits

Basic asanas foundation

Self-awareness

Breathing techniques


Teaching Methodology


Principles of observation

Demonstrations

Assisting and correcting other entity’s body

Proper alignment, benefits, and potential risks of various yoga postures and kriyas

Study of the different principles apply to different asanas

Lifestyle and ethics of a yoga teacher


Mudra


Importance of Mudras

Various techniques in Mudras

Study of the fifteen types of Yoga Mudras, namely Hasta Mudra, Jnana Mudra, Akash Mudra, Varuna Mudra, Prithvi Mudra, Vyana Mudra, Apana Mudra, Prana Mudra, Yoni Mudra, Vayu Mudra, Sunya Mudra, Linga Mudra, Shanka Mudra, Surabhi  or Kaamdhenu Mudra and Hridaya Mudra.


Yoga Nidra

A unique meditation technique which involves traveling through various stages while gradually falling into a rejuvenating and magically peaceful slumber while being awake in the moment. Also known as the yogic sleep, this is a highly essential spiritual awakening technique practiced to explore internal layers of a human soul while achieving intense relaxation and inner calm. During Yoga Nidra sessions, you shall explore and stroll through the various stages for deep rejuvenation of the mind, body and soul.

Shatkriya

Study the science of body preparation through yogic cleansing methods before commencing a yoga and meditation practice. An essential part of early morning tradition, the Shatkriyas or the Shatkarmas play a dominant role in mental, physical and spiritual purification and, in balancing the doshas. You shall undergo study of the following six yogic works:


Kapalabhati (Stimulating the brain cells)

Trataka (Eye Exercises)

Neti (Upper Nasal Track)

Dhouti (Cleansing the intestine)

Nauli (Abdominal muscle and Viscera)

Vasti (Cleaning of the Rectum)


Study of Ayurveda Science

Explore the ancient art of healing that utilizes natural herbs, oils, milk and various organic therapies in treating several ailments. Learn the Vedic art of healing and managing different types of skin related diseases, hormonal disorders and many more, under the expert guidance and mentorship of Ayurveda doctors.


History and principles of Ayurveda.

Study of relation between Yoga and Ayurveda

Three types of body constitution and their diagnosis

Classification of Yogic practices according to body constitutions.

SaptaDhatu (7 body tissues) and how to nurture them by herbs and yoga practices.

Basic concept of Panchakarma and massage therapy.

6 types of tastes and their relation to body constitutions.

Preparing Ayurvedic food according to body constitutions.


SCHEDULE

Sample Daily Schedule


05.00  -5:30 – Morning Tea

05:30- 07:00 – Hatha Yoga

07.00 – 7:30 – Tea Break

07:30-08:30 - Pranayama

08:30-09:30 – Break fast

10:00-11:00 – Yoga Philosophy

11:00-11:15 – Tea Break

11.15 -12.15 – Mantra Yoga/ Ayurveda Practicum / Chair Yoga

12.15 -13.30 – Rest / Beach

13:30-14:15 – Lunch

15.30 -16.30 – Safety, Injuries, Anatomy, Alignment/Ayurveda Logical Theory

16:30-16:45 – Tea Break

16:45 -18.15 – Ashtanga Vinyasa Yoga

18:30-19:15 – Meditation/ Yoga Nidra

19.30-20.00 - Dinner

20.00-22.00 – Self Journaling

22.00 – light off and sleep


Schedule on Wednesday


6:00 - Shat kriya – Cleansing practice

7:30 - Self practice

8:30 - Breakfast

10:30 – 11:30 – Ayurveda Practicum

12:00 - 1:00 - Ayurveda Practicum

1:30 - Lunch

2:00 – Free/ Rest/ Beach/ Self Study


Schedule on Sunday


Whole day is Rest/Holiday/Field Visits

Includes Breakfast/Lunch/Dinner in Campus


Please also note a doctor is available for free consultations but medicine will cost extra.


Instructors







Yogi Prashant

Yogi Prashant is certified in yoga study from the highly valued Bihar School of Yoga for mastering the cardinal virtues of discipline, self-sustenance and compassion. He has never stopped being a learner ever since. He is still pursuing advance studies in yoga discipline and gained good experience in sharing the wisdom. Thoroughly trained in asana and related forms in both Hatha and Ashtanga tradition of yoga, master Prashant is a yogi of many skills.





Bipin Baloni

Master of Ashtanga, Hatha, and Vinyasa yoga, Yogi Bipin Baloni has been on the road to self-discovery as a yogi since the tender age of 17. He has dedicated his life to the yoga capital, Rishikesh, and is now dwelling in the spiritual town as a revered yoga teacher.





Swami Atmanananda Giri

Born in the lap of Kerala, Swami Atmaji has devoted his life to yoga and spirituality since childhood. A compassionate soul by nature, he studied Homeopathy in Kerala and also practiced Naturopathy with the purpose to help people become healthier. As a religious follower of Vedas and Upanishads, Swamiji followed his passion for unearthing the essence of spirituality with various meditation practices as a vagrant ascetic for over four years. He completed his education from Shivananda Ashram under the supreme guidance of his guru Swami Adyatamanandaji.





Gangesha Chaitanya

Yoga Alliance RYT 200 (Hatha Yoga)

A former Naga Guru, Gangesha Chaitanya holds knowledge and wisdom of the unparalleled yogic mystics that very rare yogis can attain. An E-RYT certified yoga teacher, he received a major part of his spiritual education from the great Saint Swami Rama. He is a master of Meditation, Kundalini Yoga and Pranayama. (Core Subjects: Meditation, Inspirational and Spiritual Guide)





Manoranjan Chand

Manoranjan ji has been practicing Ayurveda since 2007 and Hatha yoga since 2009. He specializes in Panchkarma Therapy, Mudras, yoga Nidra, Shat Kryias (both practical and theoretical), and yogic cooking. Born and brought up in Mahakaleshwar in Karnataka, he has been dedicated to yoga since his childhood.





Pankaj Ji

Pankaj ji holds RYT 200 certification from Yoga Alliance and specializes in teaching Hatha and Ashtanga yoga. Additionally, he has also completed Masters in Yoga where he deeply studied all the elements of yogic science. As a well-grained yoga teacher, he holds an in-depth understanding of teaching asana classes with mindful integration of meditation, breathing techniques, yoga philosophy (yogic lifestyle) and mantra meditation. (Core Subjects: Ashtanga Vinyasa, Hatha Yoga & Adjustment Alignment)





Kavitha Hangargi

Born and brought up in a spiritual environment of a well-respected family in Karnataka, Kavithaji was raised under the values and teachings of Basavanna (one of the greatest saints in 12th-century and a highly-distinguished Hindu philosopher, statesman, Kannada poet). She has studied and practiced Pranayama under the mentorship of Sri Ganeshwer Avadhut in Srisailam forest before following the footsteps of the great yoga and spiritual guru Swami Veda Bharthi, a disciple of Swami Rama where she studied the art of meditation and yogic philosophy. (Core Subjects: HathaYoga, Pranayama)





Annnamalai Prana Ji (Swami Thiyagaranjan)

The most eminent yoga guru in Rishikesh, Annamalai Pranaji specializes in subjects like Pranayama and Yoga Philosophy. He fulfilled his apprenticeship in the principles of Swami Sivananda – Swami Vignananda tradition of Tamil Nadu. He blends his teachings with traditional authenticity and modern perspective. Meditation, Kundalini Yoga and Ayurveda are some of the other subjects he has keen knowledge of. (Core Subjects: Pranayama, Yoga Philosophy, Meditation, Kundalini Yoga and Ayurveda)


Deepa Ji

As a disciple of Lord Krishna who is also her spiritual guide, Deepa ji is an avid follower of yoga and the spiritual message of love it carries within. Rebelling against the usual norms of a chauvinist society, Deepa Ji is a subtle feminist and one of the very few women who have made a mark for themselves in the field of yoga. In her spare time, she loves to travel and indulge in quiet photography.


Gurmeet Singh

Born and nurtured in the spiritual town of Rishikesh, Gurmeet ji is an expert with subjects like Hatha yoga, yoga anatomy, and physiology. A Yoga Alliance certified RYT 500 yoga teacher, Gurmeet ji also holds a post graduate degree in yoga from Uttarakhand Sanskrit University. Gurmeet Ji trained under the supreme guidance and blessings of Swami Dharma Nanda at the Ved Niketan ashram. As a yoga professional, he refined his skills further by working with renowned physiotherapists in Germany before coming back to India for preaching the science of yoga to fellow citizens.


Vimal Sharma

Vimalji holds various degrees including Bachelor’s degree in Sanskrit, a Master’s Degree in Philosophy and a Post Graduate Diploma in Yogic Science. Born into a conventional Indian family, Vimalji has indulged himself in profound yogic practices since he was 11 years old. He further studied under Mahamandaleshwar Sri Swami Veda Bharati- a disciple of Swami Rama and has devoted his life to teachings and practice of yogic science ever since. With his education and experience in various mystics of yoga including mantra chanting, he attained the status of Acharya Vimal.


Kushal

A strong believer in the fact that yoga and science are intensely linked with each other, Kushal ji has devoted his life in exploring the complicated aspects of yoga through scientific point of view. Kushal ji holds a Master’s degree in Yogic Science and a strong experience of working with the Indian army as a yoga trainer. In addition with being a dedicated yoga teacher, he is also a passionate karma yogi who often indulges in volunteer work at several yoga camps.


Suraj Choudhary

Suraj Ji is a Yoga Alliance certified RYT 500 teacher and, also holds a Master’s degree in Yoga Science. Born and brought up in the yoga capital, Rishikesh, Suraj ji has been practicing yoga since his childhood. He also studied under the profound mentorship of Guru Narendra Gussain, a much acclaimed yoga teacher of traditional and contemporary style of yoga. One of the most exclusive elements about Suraj ji’s classes is that he blends in traditional yoga with contemporary styles.


Benkat Raman

Born and brought up in the sacred pilgrim site of Gangotri, Benkat ji has been practicing yoga and meditation since the tender age of 10. He holds Post Graduate Diploma in Yogic Science from Pt. L.M.S. Govt P.G. College Rishikesh and Masters Degree in Human consciousness & Yogic Science from Gurukul Kangri University, Uttarakhand. After gaining years of experience in specific subjects of yogic teachings, he continues to be the ace master of Shatkarmas, Asana, Mudra & Bandha, Pranayama, Meditation, and Mindfulness-walking.


Location



The program is conducted in the Varkala location of Kerala. Popular for its beaches, silvery sands and placid lagoons, Varkala is also notable for its rich religious and cultural heredity. Sivagiri Mutt and Janardhana temple are some of the religious attractions of Varkala whilst also famous for its geological monument called The Varkala Formation". Cliffs are also abundant in Varkala, only 3 kms away from the resort, our venue for the YTTC program.
A veritable paradise for the yogis, the resort offers peace and silence for personal practice and inner work. The colossal setting invites people looking for a respite from the city life, which works just well for the yoga teacher training program in Kerala. With bamboo trees, palm trees and hammocks hanging in the garden area, brick pathways that lead to the entrance of each hut render the appeal of walking upon a heavenly aisle.  The resort offers almost all amenities demanded by the modern yogi and, is also strategically located to visit the sightseeing locations by foot or public transport.



Food



Indian chefs who have mastered the art of cooking with herbs, Indian spices and ingredients are tasked with the food preparation. Kerala is eminent for being the land of herbs and spices all over the globe. The traditional cuisine of the place is both healthy and appetizing. In the intensive program of 200 hour yoga teacher training, it is required to have a fit body with a balanced mind, much of which is achieved with a healthy diet. The aim is to offer food that would satiate both the hunger pangs and the nutrient requirements.


Things to do (optional)



While in Kerala, you may participate in various well-being activities including:


Ayurvedic consultation

Breath-based movement exercises

Posture clinic

Stretches and sun salutation

Sunbath on the beach / swimming / surfing

Trip to fishing harbors

Trip to Meditation Rock

Voyage through various lakes



Spa treatments



Being in Kerala, the land of Ayurveda, there is a huge range of different Ayurvedic massage therapies, osteopathy, acupuncture, hot oil treatments etc. with the best professionals for you to choose and experience.


What's included



27 Nights accommodation

Ayurvedic therapies like Shirodhara, Panchakarma, Rejuvenation and Spa Therapies

Comfortable accommodation

Detailed study and practice of yoga curriculum

Detailed teaching on Ayurveda, Pranayama, Meditation, Asanas, Sadhana, Mudras, and Mantras

Free Wi-Fi

Group discussions intended to build up your essential skills

Nasal wash pot for Ayurvedic therapies

Outdoor Ayurveda therapies, dhyana and meditation

Weekend cultural, social, and recreational activities

Yogic food provided for the duration of the program three times a day


What's not included



Additional Activities

Airport Transfer

Personal Expenses

Spa Treatment

Travel Fare


How to get there



Arrival by airplane

Please book a flight to Trivandrum International Airport (located 50 kms from Varkala). Upon arrival at the airport, you can take a direct taxi to the venue. Alternately, you may also ask the school for a pick up.

Arrival by bus

You can book a direct bus (both government and private) to Varkala from a number of major locations.

Arrival by train

You can avail the option of booking a direct train for Trivandrum, the capital of Kerala. From here, you can take another train to Varkala. You could book a direct train to Varkala as well. But the frequency of direct trains is not high. Upon arriving at the station, you can reach the venue via local rickshaw. You can also ask for the school to arrange for a taxi pick up.


Cancellation Policy



A reservation requires a deposit of 25% of the total price.

The deposit is non-refundable, if the booking is cancelled.

The rest of the payment should be paid on arrival.

Back to Top


Really Good
8
/10

27 reviews

8.42593
Value for money

7.31482
Accommodation & facilities

8.14815
Food

8.24074
Location

8.7037
Quality of activity

8.51852
Overall impression




Rishikul Yogshala
Rishikesh, India
Rishikul Yogshala is a Yoga Alliance approved yoga school located at Rishikesh with centers in other parts of India, as well as one at Pokhara, Nepal.

Availability:
The Yoga Retreats of this organizer are available 96% of the time.


Send message to Rishikul Yogshala
Loading...

This listing has one of the 10 most popular offers available in India



from

--


28 days / 27 nights





Select arrival date:

Thursday December 7, 2017

Sunday January 7, 2018

Wednesday February 7, 2018

Departure:

Wednesday January 3, 2018

Saturday February 3, 2018

Tuesday March 6, 2018

(28 days / 27 nights)



Select your package:



1 person
Shared double room
Inn

--

Total price



1 person
Private single room
Inn

--

Total price





Instant reservation online




You recently viewed


30 Days 200-Hour Multi-Style Yoga Teacher Training in Koh Phangan, Thailand
22 people currently interested



28 Days 200-Hour Multi-Style Yoga Teacher Training in Koh Phangan, Thailand
32 people currently interested



27 Days 200 Hour Ancient YTT in Rishikesh
8 people currently interested



14 Days 100-Hour Ancient Yoga Teacher Training in India
9 people currently interested



28 Days 200-Hours Yoga Teacher Training in Rishikesh, India
21 people currently interested



Our most popular


28 Days 200-Hour Ayurveda and Yoga Teacher Training in Kerala, India
55 people currently interested



27 Days 200-Hour Hatha Yoga Teacher Training in Rishikesh, India
23 people currently interested



30 Days 200-Hour Multi-Style Yoga Teacher Training in Koh Phangan, Thailand
22 people currently interested



18 Days 200-Hour Divine Goddess Yoga Teacher Training Hawaii, USA
22 people currently interested



28 Days 200-Hour Yoga Teacher Training in Goa, India
9 people currently interested




Why choose BookYogaRetreats.com
Best Price Guaranteed

5874 Yoga Retreats Worldwide

Friendly and Fast Customer Service

Offers for every budget

You might be interested in


Yoga Teacher Training



Yoga Retreats near the Sea or Beach



Yoga Meditation Retreats



Yoga Spiritual Retreats



Yoga Therapy Retreats



Vegetarian Yoga Retreats



200-Hour Yoga Teacher Training



Yoga Retreats Ayurveda



Yoga Retreats Hatha



Yoga Retreats Vinyasa



Yoga Retreats Ashtanga



Yoga Retreats in Asia & Oceania



Yoga Retreats in India



Yoga Retreats in Kerala



Yoga Retreats in Varkala



Yoga Retreats in Western Ghats







BookYogaRetreats
.com


BookYogaRetreats.com
Contact Us

Press Room

Customer Service

About us

Write for us

Add / Manage your business

Become An Affiliate

Newsletter Sign Up

Terms and Privacy

Site Map
Popular
Yoga Weekend

Luxury Yoga Retreats

Yoga Retreat Costa Rica

Costa Rica Yoga & Surf

Yoga Retreat Greece

Yoga Retreats USA

Yoga Retreat Ibiza

YTT Costa Rica


Recent Blog Articles


6 Ways Yoga Could Help You Learn a New Language

Remote Yoga Retreats in the US

How a Short Yoga Break Can Immediately Boost Your Mood

Pros and Cons of Drinking Water during Yoga

Embracing Our Masculine & Feminine Side


Our Other Themes

BookMartialArts

BookCulinaryVacations

BookSurfCamps

BookMeditationRetreats

BookYogaTeacherTraining

BookDetoxRetreats

BookAllSafaris

BookMotorcycleTours


facebook



twitter



youtube



instagram


Copyright © 2017 BookYogaRetreats.com.
All rights reserved. Powered by:
Tripaneer.com
.





Sign Up for Our Newsletter
Don't miss our special promotions, exclusive offers, new destinations and inspirational stories!
We respect your privacy. We will not publish or share your email address in any way.
Email