
Pros and Cons of Drinking Water during Yoga (+ Helpful Tips) - BookYogaRetreats.com






































BookYogaRetreats.com

Yoga Retreats and Holidays




My Wishlist (
0
)










English




Deutsch




Français




Nederlands




Español





CHF





AUD

Australian Dollar




CAD

Canadian Dollar




€

Euro




£

British Pound




US$

United States Dollar




R$

Brazilian Real




CHF

Swiss Franc




CNY

Chinese Renminbi Yuan




CZK

Czech Koruna




DKK

Danish Krone




HKD

Hong Kong Dollar






Rp

Indonesian Rupiah




₪

Israeli New Sheqel




Rs.

Indian Rupee




¥

Japanese Yen




KRW

South Korean Won




MXN

Mexican Peso




MYR

Malaysian Ringgit




NOK

Norwegian Krone




NZD

New Zealand Dollar




PHP

Philippine Peso




PLN

Polish Złoty






RUB

Russian Ruble




SEK

Swedish Krona




S$

Singapore Dollar




THB

Thai Baht




TRY

Turkish Lira




ZAR

South Africa, Rand





Partners

Help





Back to blog

Pros and Cons of Drinking Water during Yoga (+ Helpful Tips)


Andrea Fiona Dale
mon November 27, 2017
Is it okay to drink water during yoga practice to quench that burning thirst, or do you better wait until class is over before you have your next refreshing sip? This has been an ongoing debate among yoga students, teachers, and gurus.

Both advocates and opponents have presented strong arguments, which I am going to summarize in this article. At the end, you will find some helpful tips you can apply, that will make it easier for you to stay properly hydrated during
yoga class
.



Pros of Drinking Water during Yoga







If you've ever attended an
Ashtanga yoga class
, you know how that a series of poses can make you sweat heavily.
Bikram yoga
is even more intense because it's practiced in a hot room heated to around 100 °F (38 °C), which makes your muscles more flexible. During a 90-minute practice, you
sweat out a lot
of water and minerals. So from this standpoint, it only makes sense to have one or two sips of mineral-rich water every 10 to 15 minutes.

Especially when you are a beginner, yoga can be really demanding. If you start to feel nauseous or dizzy, this could be a sign that your
body is overheated
. Apart from taking a break, the best way to cool down is to drink something cold.




Cons of Drinking Water during Yoga







Drinking during yoga practice
is a distraction for your mind and interrupts your breathing and flow. What's more is that slurping and gurgling noises may disturb other students in class.

If you drink way too much before and during practice, you eventually have to leave class and rush to the bathroom. But sweating is a much more effective way to detoxify than urinating, so it's always better if water leaves your body via your skin.

Certain forms of yoga increase the
ushna
(heat or inner fire) inside you, which again helps you to detoxify. By drinking cold water, the inner fire is put out and the system cools down. “
You will become more susceptible to allergic conditions, excess mucus and such things. If you are doing intense asanas and you suddenly drink cold water, you may catch a cold immediately.
” –
says well-known Indian yogi Sadhguru
.

Having a lot of water moving around in your stomach can be uncomfortable, especially if a certain pose requires you to lie on your front, or if you have to twist or squeeze your abdomen.

On a subconscious level, you might be using frequent water breaks to avoid doing your least favorite and most strenuous poses. Because whenever something feels uncomfortable, instead of simply observing that feeling, we as human beings want to get rid of it.




Helpful Tips






Many practitioners that are
serious about yoga
often prefer to not drink anything during class, even if they experience an intense feeling of thirst. Here are a couple of tips for you to apply, that will help you to
stay well hydrated
and might even prevent thirst from coming up in the first place:


Remember to drink a sufficient amount of water up to two hours before class starts, so your cells can store all the fluid they need, and meanwhile, your body has enough time to exert everything superfluous. How much water is the optimum for you depends on your body weight, your tendency to sweat, and the intensity of the practice. Simply put, a 200 lbs (90 kg) man participating in Bikram yoga can store and is likely to lose more fluid than a 110 lbs (50 kg) woman in a recreational class. So, there really is no way around finding out yourself by trial and error, although 1-2 glasses are always a good starting point.

Shavasana
(Corpse Pose)
is a pose usually done at the end of a yoga session to relax and regenerate. But if your teacher doesn't mind, you can use it in between to slow down a bit.

If you can't help yourself, it's okay to have a quick break and consciously drink a couple of sips without filling your whole stomach. Try to stay present where you are and don't let your mind sidetrack you. Also, learn to differentiate between being truly thirsty and only looking for an excuse to stop.

Isotonic or slightly hypotonic drinks are most efficient in replacing fluids lost by sweating. If you think that buying is too expensive, you can make your own drink by mixing 4 to 6 oz of concentrated orange juice with a quarter teaspoon of salt and 34 oz of high-quality artesian or spring bottled water, or tap water that was
thoroughly filtered
.

Don't forget to
drink plenty of water
well after class to replace all the fluids you lost.




Practice Makes Perfect






As you become a more experienced yogi, you get to know your body and learn how to discipline yourself. Also, you get used to the physical exertion and thirst starts to play only a minor role, if any at all. Nevertheless,
yoga and meditation
are about listening to your body. If your body tells you that it lacks water, in my honest opinion, I don't see a problem in taking a short drinking break. Just try to not make it a habit.




Interested in getting the most out of your yoga practice? Go on an exciting
yoga tour
and immerse yourself in the local culture of your bucket-list destinations!

Other Articles You Might Like:


Green Tea: The Best Beverage to Enjoy After Yoga (7 Benefits)

Water Fasting to Increase Your Concentration

Onions, Garlic, and Ayurveda: What Restricted Vegetables Can Show Us about the Yogic Lifestyle?

I Turned Vegetarian for a Month. Here’s What Happened


Healing Yoga Retreats for You:


Yoga Health Retreats

Yoga Detox Retreats

Yoga Wellness Retreats

Fitness and Yoga Retreats




About

Andrea Fiona Dale
Andrea is an expert in nutrition and hydration, and started to practice yoga to better get to know herself. Both yoga and meditation help her to structure her thoughts, which she considers a very important skill every writer should possess. Andrea also enjoys writing about detox, organic food, and healthy living in general.



BookYogaRetreats
.com

BookYogaRetreats.com is the best source for booking your yoga travel experience. We are the largest yoga travel website with 2339 organizers in 259 destinations in the world.
About BookYogaRetreats.com

Book a Yoga Retreat

Follow Us

facebook



twitter



youtube



instagram


Latest Posts


6 Ways Yoga Could Help You Learn a New Language
by Brenda Savoie



Remote Yoga Retreats in the US
by Damien Troy



How a Short Yoga Break Can Immediately Boost Your Mood
by Henry Moore



Pros and Cons of Drinking Water during Yoga
by Andrea Fiona Dale



Embracing Our Masculine & Feminine Side
by Cintia Silva


Top Yoga Retreats


28 Days 200-Hour Ayurveda and Yoga Teacher Training in Kerala, India
55 people currently interested



27 Days 200-Hour Hatha Yoga Teacher Training in Rishikesh, India
23 people currently interested



30 Days 200-Hour Multi-Style Yoga Teacher Training in Koh Phangan, Thailand
22 people currently interested



18 Days 200-Hour Divine Goddess Yoga Teacher Training Hawaii, USA
22 people currently interested



28 Days 200-Hour Yoga Teacher Training in Goa, India
9 people currently interested



Why choose BookYogaRetreats.com
Best Price Guaranteed

5874 Yoga Retreats Worldwide

Friendly and Fast Customer Service

Offers for every budget

Get our special offers in your inbox and start planning your next dream vacation!
Subscribe to our newsletter now and save money!
Subscribe


6 Ways Yoga Could Help You Learn a New Language

Did you know that when you started practicing yoga, you also started learning a new language? Sanskrit, that is. Think about it:
Savasana, Ahimsa, Ayurveda, Paschimottanasana…
Should we go any further?


Read more
Read more


Brenda Savoie
fri December 1, 2017

Top 5 Remote Yoga Retreats in the US

If you’re feeling the strains and stresses of everyday life, why not escape from it all at one of the many remote yoga retreats in the US? Yoga has been increasing in popularity in the country over the past decade, meaning there are now dozens of world-class teachers across the country.


Read more
Read more


Damien Troy
thu November 30, 2017

How a Short Yoga Retreat Can Immediately Boost Your Mood

It’s starting to get to you. Every day, you wake up, spend most of your time working, and then try to squeeze a little fun into your schedule before the family demands your attention. You’re an adult, and you know this is part of life. But it sure would be nice to stop feeling so irritable and tired.


Read more
Read more


Henry Moore
wed November 29, 2017

Who Are the Most Influential Yogis On the Web? (Top 5 Yoga Influencers)

It’s no secret that yoga has completely taken over the western hemisphere during the past few decades. You can find an abundance of yoga studios almost everywhere, you are likely to have at least a couple of friends who practice yoga, you’ve probably heard of at least one famous yoga personality, and it feels as if there is a new yoga style coming up every other day.


Read more
Read more


Alberto G. Güitrón
sat November 25, 2017

The WoMan: A Yoga Retreat To Embrace Our Masculine and Feminine Side

Although western yoga has gained a reputation for being a female-dominated practice, classic yoga was initially a male-only philosophy. It was not until relatively late, in 1937, that
Indra Devi,
also known as ‘the first lady of yoga’, was accepted to study under
Sri Krishnamacharya
.


Read more
Read more


Cintia Silva
fri November 24, 2017


Back to blog







BookYogaRetreats
.com


BookYogaRetreats.com
Contact Us

Press Room

Customer Service

About us

Write for us

Add / Manage your business

Become An Affiliate

Newsletter Sign Up

Terms and Privacy

Site Map
Popular
Yoga Weekend

Luxury Yoga Retreats

Yoga Retreat Costa Rica

Costa Rica Yoga & Surf

Yoga Retreat Greece

Yoga Retreats USA

Yoga Retreat Ibiza

YTT Costa Rica


Recent Blog Articles


6 Ways Yoga Could Help You Learn a New Language

Remote Yoga Retreats in the US

How a Short Yoga Break Can Immediately Boost Your Mood

Pros and Cons of Drinking Water during Yoga

Embracing Our Masculine & Feminine Side


Our Other Themes

BookMartialArts

BookCulinaryVacations

BookSurfCamps

BookMeditationRetreats

BookYogaTeacherTraining

BookDetoxRetreats

BookAllSafaris

BookMotorcycleTours


facebook



twitter



youtube



instagram


Copyright © 2017 BookYogaRetreats.com.
All rights reserved. Powered by:
Tripaneer.com
.










Sign Up for Our Newsletter
Don't miss our special promotions, exclusive offers, new destinations and inspirational stories!
We respect your privacy. We will not publish or share your email address in any way.
Email