
14 Days 100-Hour Ancient Yoga Teacher Training in India - BookYogaRetreats.com







































BookYogaRetreats.com

Yoga Retreats and Holidays




My Wishlist (
0
)










English




Deutsch




Français




Nederlands




Español





CHF





AUD

Australian Dollar




CAD

Canadian Dollar




€

Euro




£

British Pound




US$

United States Dollar




R$

Brazilian Real




CHF

Swiss Franc




CNY

Chinese Renminbi Yuan




CZK

Czech Koruna




DKK

Danish Krone




HKD

Hong Kong Dollar






Rp

Indonesian Rupiah




₪

Israeli New Sheqel




Rs.

Indian Rupee




¥

Japanese Yen




KRW

South Korean Won




MXN

Mexican Peso




MYR

Malaysian Ringgit




NOK

Norwegian Krone




NZD

New Zealand Dollar




PHP

Philippine Peso




PLN

Polish Złoty






RUB

Russian Ruble




SEK

Swedish Krona




S$

Singapore Dollar




THB

Thai Baht




TRY

Turkish Lira




ZAR

South Africa, Rand





Partners

Help






Yoga Retreats
(5,874)

Yoga Teacher Training
(899)

Hatha
(2,298)

Asia & Oceania
(2,594)

India
(1,133)

Rishikesh
(462)

Hari Om Yoga Vidya School
(3)





14 Days 100-Hour Ancient Yoga Teacher Training in India


Hari Om Yoga Vidya School, Heritage Hills Hotel, Badrinath Road, Tapovan, Uttarakhand, Haridwar, Rishikesh 249137, India



187
Total of people that favorited this listing












“Learn the real ancient yoga tradition kept by the Himalayan Sages  and share it with the world!”













14 Days 100-Hour Ancient Yoga Teacher Training in India

Hari Om Yoga Vidya School, Heritage Hills Hotel, Badrinath Road, Tapovan, Uttarakhand, Haridwar, Rishikesh 249137, India

Yoga Teacher Training India

Join this 100-hour yoga teacher training to receive fundational knowledge for teaching yoga. Yoga goes beyond the posture, that is why the classes include diverse topics such as Hatha yoga, Ashtanga Vinyasa, Ayurvedic medicine, philosophy, meditation, everyday living, and much more. You will learn yoga according to the ancient Himalayan tradition. Hari Om Yoga Vidya School preserves what is lost by many schools who see yoga as mere exercise. Hari Om Yoga Vidhya School is a small school with a big message. They are a family who lives yoga and wants to pass it on.

Highlights

Teaching methodology

Anatomy and physiology classes

Yogic physiology and philosophy lessons

Asana, pranayama, and mantra chanting sessions

Kriyas, meditation, and yoga Nidra topics

Rafting or trekking excursion

13 nights accommodation

Daily vegetarian meals


14 days with instruction

English

Show full description


Hide all


Accommodation



During this teacher training, you will stay either in a private room or a shared double room. At Hari Om Yoga Vidya School, they are very concerned about the locality and other staying facilities for the students. They took extra care of the students to give them the feel of natural view of Rishikesh. All the accommodation facilities are duly verified in terms of comfort so that they can give the best to the students. Every room has hot shower and free Wi-Fi.


Hari Om Yoga Vidya School Yoga Teacher Training in Rishikesh Program



Nowadays, many yoga schools are following paths that differ from what yoga really is. Sometimes yoga is misunderstood with body stretching, physical exercise or relaxing, but yoga has a lot more to offer. Hari Om Yoga Vidya School follows the tradition kept from thousands of years by sages from the Hymalayas. They are very proud of the quality of the teachers they have gathered for you.
All of them have an extensive background and expertise, but most important they give classes with purpose. Their main goal is not to teach you the right asana (position) but to look after your individual growth so that you can share it to your friends and family and later to your students. Hari Om Yoga Vidya School is a family with the goal of learn from the ancient tradition the ways for a happier and more meaningful life.
They love that all students spend as much time as possible with the teachers and stay in touch after the course ends. Everyone is invited to this courses even if you have no experience. Practicing is very important to become a competent teacher and it is always recommended that you have at least two years of experience before or after the course to start teaching groups.
After this course, you will have the certification of completion from Yoga Alliance. If you are an experienced student you will be able to become a yoga teacher if not; it's recommended that you keep practicing for a while until you feel confident to teach.

Teacher training curriculum

Asana (Classical Postures)


Traditional way of performing Asana meditatively - 1.Centering, 2.Entering,3.Refining,4.Holding,5.Coming out,6.Reflection

Astanga Vinyas flow - Series 1

Surya Namaskar(Sun Salutations) - Dynamic Surya Namaskar, Surya Namaskar with breathe awareness, Surya Namaskar with Mantra Chanting

Posture Modifications

Classifications of Posture - Standing Poses, Sitting Poses, Backward bending Poses, Forward bending Poses, Spinal Twisting Poses, Fire series, Inversion Poses, Shavasana

Postural alignment & Art of adjustment

Avoid Common injuries

Counter Pose

Contraindications

Benefits


Pranayam(Expansion of Vital Energy)


Introduction about Pranayam

Benefits Pranayam

Physiology of Pranayam

Sitting postures for Pranayam practice

How to establish Diaphragmatic breathing before Pranayam Practice

1:1, 1:2 and 1:4  Breathing practices

Types of Pranayam - Nadi Shodhana pranayama, Ujjayee; Kapalabhati Kriya; Bhastrika; Shitali and Shitkari; Brahmari; Anuloma Viloma; Suryabedhi Pranayam,

Guidelines for regular Pranayam practices


Bandhas(Lock)


Jalandhara Bandha (Chin lock)

Uddiyana Bandha (Abdominal lock)

Moola Bandha (Root lock)


Practice Relaxation and Yoga Nidra


Introduction of relaxation

Importance of relaxation in daily life

Sequences of relaxation

Tension Relaxation

Systematic Relaxation

31 Relaxation

61 points  Relaxation

Preparation For Yoga Nidra


Meditation


Introduction about Meditation

Roll of Meditation in our daily life

Sitting positions for Meditation

2mn Meditations or short meditations are effective

16 steps of Basic Meditation

So Hum Mediation

Meditation & Mantra Japa

Spinal breathing Meditation

Sushumna Meditation & Chakra


Anatomy and physiology


Introduction about anatomy and physiology

Skeletal system

Muscular system

Nervous system

Digestive System

Endocrine System

Cardiovascular System

Effect of Yoga Posture on muscles and systems

Nadis (Energy channels)

Chakras (Energy plexus)

Pancha tatwa (Five great elements)

Panchakosha (Five sheaths)

Pancha Pranas(Five vital energy)


Yoga Philosophy


General Introduction: Six School of Indian Philosophy

Yogic Teachings In Modern Living

Intro to Six School of Indian philosophy- Highlights of Sankya & Yoga

History of yoga- with Science

Intro of Pattanjali Yoga Sutras

Highlight of Astanga Yoga

Yama

Niyam

Asana

Pranayam

Pratyahara

Dharana

Dhyana

Samadhi

Introduction Hatha Yoga Pradipika

Introduction to Bhagavad Gita

Study of Bhagavad Gita in relation to Astanga Yoga   Part-1

Study of Bhagavad t Gita in relation to Astanga Yoga    Part-2

Introduction to Mandukya Upanishad

Introduction to Tantra

Ethics


Ayurved


Basic Princeple of Ayurved

Basic Doshas

Trigunas

Balance of the Mind & Ayurvedic Diet


Mudras


Jnana Mudra

Dyan Mudra

Vishnu mudra

Bhairava mudra

Hridaya mudra and more


Mantra Chanting


What is Mantra?

Benefits of Mantra chanting

Om Mantra

Morning Mantra

Guru Mantra

Meal Mantra

Health Mantra

Gayatri Mantra and More

Suryanamaskar Mantras - 12 names of Sun

Sanskrit counting 1 to 20

Traditional name of the Asanas in Sanskrit & English

Yoga Sutra - Important selective Sutras in Sankrit & English


Satkriya (Cleaning)


Jala Neti

Sutra Neti

Kunjala

Trataka

Agnisar

Nauli


Teaching Methodology & Home work


Lesson Plan

Assignments

Practice Teaching

Feed Back

Group discussion

Question & Answer

Home Work


Sample daily schedule


06:00 - 06:30 Mantra chanting, satkriya, or yoga sutras and asana naming

06:30 - 08:00 Ancient Hatha yoga

08:00 - 08:30 Pranayama; breathing practices, mudras, bandhas, meditation, or student teaching

08:30 - 10:00 Breakfast

10:00 - 10:30 Yoga philosophy

11:30 - 14:00 Lunch and free time

14:00 - 15:15 Relaxation techniques, anatomy and Ayurveda medicine

15:15 - 16:00 Tea break

16:00 - 17:45 Ashtanga Vinyasa and student teaching

17:45 - 20:00 Dinner and rest

20:00 - 21:00 Group meditation


It is advisable that you arrive to India at least one day before the program starts.

Note

Please note that the courses starting on the 17th, of each month, are for more experienced students. Hari Om Yoga Vidya School will be happy to give you more information on this matter, once you send an inquiry.


Instructors







Pramod Sahoo

Yoga Alliance E-RYT 200, RYT 500 (Yoga)

Pramod Kumar Sahoo is a 200 and 500-hour registered yoga teacher with the USA Yoga Alliance. He was born in a spiritual family in 1973 in Odessa (South-East part of India). From his early childhood, he began his life full of devotion. He spent his most of his childhood life sitting alone in meditation in deep silence, going to the mountains, temples, and learning the yoga tradition.





Nikhil Rawat

Nikhil Rawat is an expert in physical therapy, posture imbalance, and sedentary life disorders. He completed his master of physical therapy in musculoskeletal disorders and he also holds a diploma in sports medicine from West Bengal. He is also a certified Pilates trainer from Indian Academy of Fitness Training Mangalore.





Prashant Jakhmola

Prashant Jakhmola was born in Rishikesh, India. Since childhood he has been practicing yoga and meditation by the guidance of his father. He moved to Bihar School of Yoga to learn more about the systematic study of yogic science. He finished his academic studies in 2010 and started sharing his knowledge. Now he is teaching in Rishikesh and abroad. He is excellent in therapeutical approach of asanas.





Siddhant

Siddhant ended his bachelor studies in science and left his home looking for a simpler and more meaningful way to live. He is a certified yoga teacher from Yoga Alliance and has been a yoga teacher for nine years in Dehli. Afterwards he went to Rishikesh to seek his path five years ago. Following the steps of his Guru Anandmurti, he is a constant meditator and cares for the growth of every individual.





Som Datt

Som Datt is a passionate teacher that aids students to find a meaning in their lives. For him, Yoga is the best way to transform the different energies of the body into spiritual energy.

He has a master in Yogic Science and a Naturopathy diploma. He achieved a Uttarakand gold medal for his master degree.

Som Datta honors always his Guru adn says that his blessings satisfies all his needs. 

His final aim is that his students discover their real knowledge within.


Location



This teacher training will be held at Hari Om Yoga Vidya School in Rishikesh, India. Hari Om Yoga Vidya School is located just at the heart of the sacred township of Rishikesh, at the foothills of the Himalayas, and at the bank of holy river Mother Ganges. From time immemorial, the Himalayan mountains have been home for countless Sages and Saints. Their knowledge has been passed down and is referred to as the knowledge of the Himalayan masters.
The school has its roots in this ancient knowledge. They teach yoga from this ancient perspective and the teaching will help you on your personal journey as much as in your ability to share this knowledge.



Food



The price of this retreat includes all daily meals and coffee and tea during breaks. The dining room serves delicious vegetarian meals in order to practice yoga. The meals are made with natural foods and the daily meals are sourced from local fresh vegetables, salads, fruits, fresh milk, and herbal teas. You will also enjoy one Indian cooking class.


Things to do (optional)



Along with the course, you also can enjoy extracurricular activities for an additional cost like rock climbing, white water rafting, beach volleyball, bungee jumping, visit the local ashrams to learn more about the Rishikesh spiritual community, meet many yoga masters, or participate in the Ganga Aarti fire ceremony.


What's included



1 Indian cooking class

3 daily delicious vegetarian meals

13 nights accommodation

Daily intensive yoga experience

100-hours yoga teacher training certificate by Hari Om Yoga Vidya School

Daily meditation

Hatha yoga, Ashtanga Vinyasa, meditation, and other sessions

Real teaching practice

Teaching methodology and class preparation

Yoga according to the ancient Himalayan tradition


What's not included



Additional activities

Additional transportation

Airfare

Indian visa expenses


How to get there



Arrival by airplane

Please book your flight to arrive at Indira Gandhi International Airport (DEL). Another option is to book your flight to arrive at Jolly Grant Airport (DED).

Arrival by bus

Buses to Rishikesh leave New Delhi from the Kashmiri Gate national bus stand approximately every hour. The bus ride takes about eight hours and costs around 450 INR for air conditioned buses and 250 INR for buses without air conditioning.

Arrival by train

The best option is to reach Haridwar train station, about 45 minutes away from Rishikesh by road on a driven taxi or the so called tuktuks. From Delhi, the train ride takes approximately eight hours, depending on the train. Haridwar is serviced by many trains from and to Delhi, Varanasi, Rajasthan, Amritsar, and many others.

Arrival by taxi

Taxis are always available anywhere in India. The drive from Indira Gandhi International Airport (DEL) to Rishikesh will take around six hours depending on traffic conditions.


Cancellation Policy



A reservation requires a deposit of 30% of the total price.

The deposit is fully refundable if the booking is cancelled up to 15 days before the arrival date.

The rest of the payment should be paid on arrival.

Back to Top


Really Good
8
/10

24 reviews

8.22917
Value for money

7.29167
Accommodation & facilities

7.70833
Food

8.125
Location

8.15217
Quality of activity

8.02083
Overall impression




Hari Om Yoga Vidya School
Rishikesh, India
Hari Om Yoga Vidya School offers yoga teacher training programs in the holy place of Rishikesh.

Availability:
The Yoga Retreats of this organizer are available 98% of the time.


Send message to Hari Om Yoga Vidya School
Loading...

This listing is within the top 10% most popular offers in India



from

--


14 days / 13 nights


Special discount

Please note that the rate below, for Shared double room, includes a special discount of
100 USD
per person. To benefit, secure your spot now!




Select arrival date:






1 person
Shared double room
Hotel - Special offer

--

Total price



1 person
Private single room
Hotel - Special Offer

--

Total price





Instant reservation online




You recently viewed


28 Days 200-Hours Yoga Teacher Training in Rishikesh, India
21 people currently interested



27 Days 200-Hour Hatha Yoga Teacher Training in Rishikesh, India
23 people currently interested



18 Days 200-Hour Divine Goddess Yoga Teacher Training Hawaii, USA
22 people currently interested



Our most popular


28 Days 200-Hour Ayurveda and Yoga Teacher Training in Kerala, India
55 people currently interested



27 Days 200-Hour Hatha Yoga Teacher Training in Rishikesh, India
23 people currently interested



30 Days 200-Hour Multi-Style Yoga Teacher Training in Koh Phangan, Thailand
22 people currently interested



18 Days 200-Hour Divine Goddess Yoga Teacher Training Hawaii, USA
22 people currently interested



28 Days 200-Hour Yoga Teacher Training in Goa, India
9 people currently interested




Why choose BookYogaRetreats.com
Best Price Guaranteed

5874 Yoga Retreats Worldwide

Friendly and Fast Customer Service

Offers for every budget

You might be interested in


Yoga Teacher Training



Yoga Meditation Retreats



Yoga Spiritual Retreats



Vegetarian Yoga Retreats



100-Hour Yoga Teacher Training



Yoga Retreats Hatha



Yoga Retreats Vinyasa



Yoga Retreats Ashtanga



Yoga Retreats in Asia & Oceania



Yoga Retreats in India



Yoga Retreats in Rishikesh



Yoga Retreats in Haridwar



Yoga Retreats in Tapovan



Yoga Retreats in Uttarakhand







BookYogaRetreats
.com


BookYogaRetreats.com
Contact Us

Press Room

Customer Service

About us

Write for us

Add / Manage your business

Become An Affiliate

Newsletter Sign Up

Terms and Privacy

Site Map
Popular
Yoga Weekend

Luxury Yoga Retreats

Yoga Retreat Costa Rica

Costa Rica Yoga & Surf

Yoga Retreat Greece

Yoga Retreats USA

Yoga Retreat Ibiza

YTT Costa Rica


Recent Blog Articles


6 Ways Yoga Could Help You Learn a New Language

Remote Yoga Retreats in the US

How a Short Yoga Break Can Immediately Boost Your Mood

Pros and Cons of Drinking Water during Yoga

Embracing Our Masculine & Feminine Side


Our Other Themes

BookMartialArts

BookCulinaryVacations

BookSurfCamps

BookMeditationRetreats

BookYogaTeacherTraining

BookDetoxRetreats

BookAllSafaris

BookMotorcycleTours


facebook



twitter



youtube



instagram


Copyright © 2017 BookYogaRetreats.com.
All rights reserved. Powered by:
Tripaneer.com
.





Sign Up for Our Newsletter
Don't miss our special promotions, exclusive offers, new destinations and inspirational stories!
We respect your privacy. We will not publish or share your email address in any way.
Email