
28 Days 200-Hours Yoga Teacher Training in Rishikesh, India - BookYogaRetreats.com







































BookYogaRetreats.com

Yoga Retreats and Holidays




My Wishlist (
0
)










English




Deutsch




Français




Nederlands




Español





CHF





AUD

Australian Dollar




CAD

Canadian Dollar




€

Euro




£

British Pound




US$

United States Dollar




R$

Brazilian Real




CHF

Swiss Franc




CNY

Chinese Renminbi Yuan




CZK

Czech Koruna




DKK

Danish Krone




HKD

Hong Kong Dollar






Rp

Indonesian Rupiah




₪

Israeli New Sheqel




Rs.

Indian Rupee




¥

Japanese Yen




KRW

South Korean Won




MXN

Mexican Peso




MYR

Malaysian Ringgit




NOK

Norwegian Krone




NZD

New Zealand Dollar




PHP

Philippine Peso




PLN

Polish Złoty






RUB

Russian Ruble




SEK

Swedish Krona




S$

Singapore Dollar




THB

Thai Baht




TRY

Turkish Lira




ZAR

South Africa, Rand





Partners

Help






Yoga Retreats
(5,874)

Yoga Teacher Training
(899)

Hatha
(2,298)

Asia & Oceania
(2,594)

India
(1,133)

Lakshman Jhula
(137)

World Peace Yoga School
(6)





28 Days 200-Hours Yoga Teacher Training in Rishikesh, India


World Peace Yoga School | Yoga Teacher Training in Rishikesh India, at Tapovan Resort, ,249192, Laxman Jhula, Rishikesh, Uttarakhand 249137, India



538
Total of people that favorited this listing































“Experience bliss and transformation!”
































28 Days 200-Hours Yoga Teacher Training in Rishikesh, India

World Peace Yoga School | Yoga Teacher Training in Rishikesh India, at Tapovan Resort, ,249192, Laxman Jhula, Rishikesh, Uttarakhand 249137, India

Yoga Teacher Training India

Open yourself up to the countless opportunities with World Peace Yoga School's 200-hour yoga teacher training course in Rishikesh. Explore the divine intricacies of yoga in its many forms through this inspiring and life-changing program. The course deals with in depth knowledge on Hatha and Ashtanga, along with meditation yoga philosophy, Ayurveda, naturopathy, and spiritual techniques. This is the place where you will experience bliss and transformation.

Highlights

Daily yoga practices

Pranayama and meditation classes

Course materials and teaching practices

Yoga Alliance and certification

26 nights’ accommodation

Daily healthy meals


26 days with instruction

Hindi, English

Show full description


100% Satisfaction Guarantee
by BookYogaRetreats.com
We are so sure youâ€™ll be satisfied with
World Peace Yoga School Yoga Retreat
that if the experience is not as expected, we will refund you. Everyone that pays via the BookYogaRetreats.com system is protected by 100% Satisfaction Guarantee!
Learn more

100% Satisfaction Guarantee by BookYogaRetreats.com
When you are not satisfied, we are not satisfied. Book via the BookYogaRetreats.com payment system and be sure that you will get the experience you expect or we will refund you. We have your back!
Money-Back Guarantee applies if:
Within 24 hours after the arrival date you contact organiser and
[email protected]
.

Within 24 hours after the arrival date you leave your booked retreat and accommodation.
Money-Back Guarantee terms:
All transactions have to be done via the BookYogaRetreats.com payment system.

The guarantee does not apply to any taxes or fees collected by any third party.

All claims are subject to verification by BookYogaRetreats.

It may take up to 30 days for your refund to appear on your credit card.

BookYogaRetreats.com reserves the right to modify the Money-Back Guarantee.
BookYogaRetreats.com promises that you will get what you pay for.

Hide all


Accommodation



During the course, you will be accommodated in World Peace Yoga School at Tapovan Resort Laxman Jhula Rishikesh Uttarakhand,India. Stay at our perfectly located center at Rishikesh, located near to the divine Ganga River embraced by beautiful mountains, breath-taking views nearby, the center is peaceful and bright providing excellent location for your inner journey.
World Peace Yoga School takes care of the environment as well as its students, so it is kept clean and bright. There are three yoga studios, a huge garden area available for students to practice yoga and meditate, so students immediately feel home after they arrive. World peace yoga school is also one of the oldest, traditional yoga teacher training school in India that follows Himalayan yoga tradition, One of the oldest yoga tradition in India. Everything will be close to you like your classes, the Dining area, there is even a Café place in the school. Laundry services is also available at the building, even a parking area.
Located at Laxman Jhula Street, where you can find everything you need, just like shops, restaurants, ATM, health-care, bike-rentals among others. World Peace Yoga School is a well-equipped Yoga Teachers Training School which is clean and cozy with Wi-Fi access, hot shower, water-heaters, and filtered drinking water system and well secured with 24/7 CCTV cameras.
Shared accommodation includes two single beds which are shared by 2 students. Bathing shower and water-heater, Western toilets, wardrobe are available in the rooms as well as unlimited free internet access and intercom all day. Bed sheets, pillows and towels are also provided for you.
Private accommodation includes a nice balcony with a stunning Mountains-view. The rooms are new, big and bright. You'll have a wardrobe and a Big-size bed. 24/7 hot shower, water-heater, unlimited internet-access and intercom. Bed sheets, pillows and towels are also provided.
Amenities


Air conditioning

Bed sheets, blankets, pillows, and towels

Clean, hygienic, and western-style rooms with attached bathrooms

Filtered water system

Hot water running 24 hours a day

Wi-Fi access



World Peace Yoga School Yoga Teacher Training in Rishikesh Program



Certifications

Upon completion of this yoga teacher training, students will receive certificate affiliated with Yoga Alliance. Registration with Yoga Alliance provides a globally recognized credential.
Join thousands of students from all over the globe who have experienced the true meaning of peace through World Peace Yoga School’s unique and engaging approach to teaching yoga. Whether you are beginning or advanced in your practice, all yoga practitioners are welcome and encouraged to join this month-long program.
This course is created for individuals with aspirations of becoming yoga teachers but is appropriate for any individual wishing to further expand their yoga practice. Cultivate happiness, self-love, and positivity in a yoga program deeply devoted to spiritual growth and understanding.
Throughout the course, you will learn Yoga Alliance-approved curriculum in a nurturing and supportive classroom environment that caters to your individualized skills. The best spirituality teachers of India will share their experience to transform your lives so that you can too be messengers of peace in the world.
You will leave the program with the knowledge, experience, and confidence to become the yoga teacher of your dreams.

What makes this program one of a kind

Initiation and blessings (transmission of energy)

You will begin your life-changing journey with a beautiful and magical fire ceremony conducted by World Peace Yoga School loving founder, Yogi Vishnu. After initiation, you will be deeply connected to the mystical energies of the Himalayan yogic legacy.

Direct teachings from world class teachers

World Peace Yoga School focuses on providing you with small, intimate class settings for individualized and personalized attention from their beloved teachers. Your classes are located at the same building as your accommodations, so teachers are easily accessible to you throughout the day.

Sundates

Every Sunday, you will take a break from your yoga classes to explore the many tourist destinations in and around Rishikesh. Excursions include rafting the Ganga River, visiting the Beatles Ashram, exploring the natural treasures of the area (like caves, river beaches, and waterfalls), and meditating at Kunjapuri Temple during sunrise.

An inspiring and welcoming community

Every teacher and staff member of World Peace Yoga School is passionate and committed to providing the best possible experience for you. World Peace Yoga School is a spiritual hub for knowledge seekers to grow and nourish their souls. It’s a community built on love, enthusiasm, and a profound belief in the transformative powers of yoga.

Modern facilities right next to the Ganga River

World Peace Yoga School prides itself on cleanliness and providing students with a peaceful learning environment. World Peace Yoga School is extremely grateful to be located so closely to the Ganga River with its serene and magical energy wafting onto the property. The yoga halls are bright, colorful, and modern with a gorgeous Ganga view and a literary library available for students. Nirvana Cafe inside the school also has nightly movie showings of both Hollywood and Bollywood movies for students to watch.

Course outline

200 Hours Yoga Teacher Training In Rishikesh (Course Overview)




1. Recitation of Sacred Sound (Mantra Chanting)
The purpose of mantra chanting in yoga is to generate vibrations and connect with the universe. Each mantra is special and rich with spiritual energy.


1- Om Asato Maa Sadgamaya (Mantra from Upanishad)

2- Tvameva mata ca pita Tvameva (Sloka on gods)

3- Om Tryambakam Yajamahe ( Mantra on lord shiva)

4- Om sahana vavatu ( Mantra from Upanishad)

5- Guru Brahma Guru Vishnu Gurudevo maheshwara ( Guru stotram)

6- Yogena Cittasya ( Sloka on sage Patanjali)

7- Hare rama, Hare Krishna ( Maha mantra)



2. Yoga Postures (Asana)
Students will gain extensive knowledge on yoga postures and will increase their strength, flexibility and discipline.
Hatha Yoga


1.Pawanmuktasana series 1

2.Pawanmuktasana serie 2

3.Pawanmuktasana series 3

4.Surya Namaskar ( sun salutation)

5.Chandra Namaskar (Moon salutation)

6.Tadasana (palm tree pose)

7.Triyak tadasana (swaying palm tree pose)

8.Trikonasana (triangle pose)

9.Parivirtatrikon asana – revolving triangle pose

10.Uttkatasana –chair pose

11.Virbhdrasana 1 -warrior 1

12.Virbhdrasana 2 -warrior 2

13.Virbhdrasana 3 -warrior 3

14.Ardha Chandrasana- Half moon pose

15.Vriksasana – tree pose

16.Parvatasana – mountain pose

17.Adho mukha svanasana – downward facing dog

18.Kati chakrasana – waist rotating pose

19.Malasana – squatted yoga pose

20.Garudasana – eagle pose

21.Baddha Konasana- bound angle pose

22.Rajkapoot asana – pegion pose

23.Bhujanghasana – cobra pose

24.Urdhva mukha svanasana –upward facing dog

25.Matsyasana-

26.Setu Bhandasana

27.Utrasana

28.Dhanurasana

29.Salabhasana

30.Supta Virasana- reclining hero pose

31.Virasana –hero pose

32.Vajrasana –thunderbolt

33.Gomukhasana

34.Balasana

35.Dandasana

36.Ardha Matsyendrasana




Ashtanga Vinyasa Yoga
Coverage: Alignment, Drishti, Adjustment, Options
Surya Namaskar A
Surya Namaskar B
Full Primary Series:


1.	Padangusthasana

2.	Padahasthasana

3.	Utthita Trikonasana

4.	Parivrtta Trikonasana

5.	Utthita Parsvakonasana

6.	Parivrtta Parsvakonasana

7.	Prasarita Padottanasana A B C & D

8.	Parsvottanasana

9.	Eka Pada Padangusthasana A B C & D

10.	Ardha Baddha Padmottanasana

11.	Utkatasana

12.	Virabhadrasana A & B

13.	Dandasana

14.	Paschimottanasana A B C & D

15.	Purvattanasana

16.	Ardha Baddha Padma Uttanasana

17.	Triang Mukaikapada Pashimottanasana

18.	Janu Sirsasana A B & C

19.	Marichyasana A B C & D

20.	Navasana

21.	Bhujapidasana

22.	Kurmasana

23.	Supta Kurmasana

24.	Garbha Pindasana

25.	Kukkutasana

26.	Baddha Konasana A & B

27.	Konasana

28.	Upavishta Konasana

29.	Supta Konasana

30.	Supta Padangusthasana A & B

31.	Ubhaya Padanghusthasana

32.	Urdhva Mukha Pashimottanasana

33.	Setu Bandhasana

34.	Urdhva Dhanurasana

35.	Salamba Sarvangasana

36.	Halasana

37.	Karnapidasana

38.	Urdhva Pindasana

39.	Matsyasana

40.	Urdhva Padmasana

41.	Sirsasana

42.	Urdhva Dandasana

43.	Baddha Padmasana

44.	Yogimudra

45.	Uplutih

46.	Savasana



3. Pranayama (Breathing Practices)
Pranayama is an ancient yogic breathing technique that is used as preparation for meditation and is a vital aspect of practicing yoga. It improves the respiratory system and purifies the body and mind.
Week 1


Introduction of Pranayama , Benefits of pranayama , *General guidelines

Clavicular , Thorocic and Diaphragmatic Breathing *(Yogic Breathing)

Ujjayi

Bhastrika

Kapalbhati


Nadi – Sodhana

Bhramari

Surya – Bhedi & Chandra – Bhedi

Sheetali & Sheetkari



Week 2
Sitting postures for pranayama sadhana-


1- Easy pose

2- Half-lotus

3- Swastikasana

4- siddha yoni asana



Week 3
Mudras (Yoga Gestures)The practice of Mudra hand gestures is an ancient facet of yoga. Performing gestures effects the energy flow of the body and can change a person's spiritual and mental characteristics.


Jnana mudra

Chin mudra

Yoni mudra

Bhairava mudra Shambhavi mudra

Nasikagra

Khechari

Yoga Bandhas (Energy Lock)


The practice of Bandhas expands the lung capacity and breathing capabilities during yoga. It also strengthens the entire body from the inside out.


Preparation

Uddiyana Jalandhar

Mula & Maha Bandha Teaching



Week 4


Teaching

Doubts




4. Meditation (Dhyana)
Meditation is a systematic practice that promotes physical, mental and emotional tranquility with the purpose of reaching Samadhi (self-realization).


Introduction to Meditation

Breathing Awareness Meditation

Om / Mantra Meditation

Trataka

Dynamic meditation

Tips for developing concertation

Silence Practice

Ajapa japa

Antar mouna



5. Yoga Nidra (Psychic Sleep)
When a yoga practitioner moves through the various internal states of Yoga Nidra, a profound experience of relaxation occurs. This is called "Turiya," a sensation of pure bliss.


Basic Relaxation

Tension Relaxation

Full Body Relaxation



6. Yoga Cleansing (Shatkarma)
Yogic cleansing exercises are important to learn how to incorporate your breath and meditate properly during physical aspects of yoga. It also removes the blockages in the energy channels.


Rubber-neti

Jalaneti

Kapalbhati- cleansing the lungs



7. Anatomy and Physiology (Sharir Vijnan)
Proper understanding of the physical body will help to prevent injury before, during and after practice. There are two kinds of yoga anatomy: physical and spiritual. Understanding both types are needed.
Brief overview:


Digestive System

Respiratory System

Circulatory System

Nervous System

Endocrine System

Organs

Bodily systems

Nadis

Chakras

Guidelines in Studying Asana Anatomy


Muscular System

Skeletal Sytem

Muscle Functions according to Joint Movements

Anatomy of:



Breathing
Inversions
Svasana
8. Yoga Philosophy (Yoga Darshana)
Yoga Philosophy is the foundation of our yoga practice and is the key to earn yogic strength. Through the path of Vedanta Philosophy, you will establish a solid, well-rounded yoga practice.
Week 1


Introduction to yoga ,its philosophy and evolution

Introduction to yoga sutras of patanjali

Definition of yoga

4 aspects of mind and its functions

Daily Schedule of a yoga student

Principles of 5 Basic element & 10 Senses



Week 2


Yama , Niyama (4 days)

Asana , Pranayama & Pratyahara , Dharana , Dhyan , *Samadhi (2 Days)



Week 3


Pancha – Vayus

Panchakoshas

Sattva , Rajas & Tamas (Triguna)

Introduction to chakras and its functions

Three Doshas



Week 4


4 padas of yoga sutras

Lives of yogis (Inspiring stories)

Diet & Nutrition for a yogi

Question & Answers



9. Teaching Practice (Adhyapanam)
Students will take turns practicing their teaching skills by performing in front of their peers and teachers.
Demonstration Alignment Instructions
10. Teaching Methodology
A yoga teacher should efficiently perform the practical applications of class planning and preparation. At World Peace Yoga School, our students will learn how to create a positive and peaceful class environment for an enjoyable and transformative experience.


Positive & conscious communication

Friendship and trust

Time management

Qualities of a teacher

Principles of demonstrating, observation, assisting, correcting.

Use of voice in class

Mental & emotional preparation for teaching.

Class preparation

Step by step class structure planning.



Assessments are based on:


Written Test

Oral Test

Attendance

Performance

Behavior



200 Hour Yoga Teacher Training Daily Schedule
5:00 a.m - Morning Bell
6:30 to 7:30 a.m. - Pranayama
7:45 to 9:00 a.m. - Group A- Hatha yoga
7:45 to 9:00 a.m. - Group B- Ashtanga Yoga
9:15 to 10:00 a.m. - Breakfast
11:00 to 12:00 p.m. - Yoga philosophy
12:10 to 1:10 p.m. - Yoga anatomy
1:20 to 2:30 p.m. - Lunch
3:30 to 5:00 p.m. - Ashtanga yoga (Group A)
3:30 to 5:00 p.m. - Hatha Yoga (Group B)
5:00 to 6:00 p.m. - Alignment, adjustment, teaching methodology
6:15 to 7:15 p.m. - Guided meditation
7:30 to 8:30 p.m. - Dinner
9:00 p.m. - Lights Off


Included excursions



Every Sunday, you will enjoy excursions to many tourist destinations in and around Rishikesh. The activities include rafting the Ganga River, visiting the Beatles Ashram, exploring the natural treasures of the area (like caves, river beaches, and waterfalls), and meditating at Kunjapuri Temple during sunrise.


Instructors







Vishnu Panigrahi

Yogi Vishnu is the founder and visionary of World Peace Yoga School and he is an exceptionally accomplished teacher. He knows how to read the beautiful language of Sanskrit, has extensively studied spiritual scriptures on a wide array of topics, and has his masters degree in both yoga and Sanskrit.





Dr. Gaurav Agrawal

Dr. Gaurav Agrawal is an experienced philosophy and meditation teacher. As a professor of clinical psychology in an Indian university, he is well versed in both ancient and modern sciences of mind. He was born in a religious Hindu family which gave him chance to learn and practice Indian spiritual values from the beginning.





Swami Shri Kasyap Ji

Swami Ji is a yoga philosophy, meditation, pranayama, and healing teacher. Swami Ji developed exceptional hobbies of touring the great vibrating Himalayas in pursuit of acquiring meditational and yogic skills to become a master of "Mistry School".





Dr. E. Amaravathi

Dr. E. Amaravathi is a pranayama, meditation, therapy, and anatomy teacher. She is an accomplished yoga therapist and a modern guru, who has relentlessly pursued integrating scientific and medical approaches to yoga therapy. She is a Master in physiotherapy with specialization in cardiovascular and pulmonary disorders. She has tremendous expertise in ICU rehabilitation, physiotherapy applications in various conditions, and therapeutic yoga.





Vidushi Sharma

Vidushi is a certified and registered yoga teacher. Spiritual and professional, she has an experience of 12 years in the field of yoga, as a yoga trainer with diversified experience of training in schools, colleges, prisons, ashrams, institutions, spas, wellness centers, gyms, and corporate houses.





Tarika

Tarika is an international wellness coach with over 10 years of rich and deep experience in natural wellness medicine and macrobiotics. She has trained, consulted, and taught in a variety of locations such as Spain, the United States, and all across India. She is also a published author, a level III Reiki Master, a Kundalini yoga teacher, and is the founder of Sacred Swan, an organization that promotes health and creativity of women and children.





Moksha Priya Ji

Yoga Alliance RYT 500 (Hatha Yoga)

She is a certified and registered yoga teacher at (500 RYT). With 15 years of teaching experience around the world, Moksha teaches meditation, pranayama, Hatha yoga, mantras chanting, and yoga philosophy. Moksha is one of the most popular teachers in the world.





Yogi Naveen Raj

Naveen Raj, also known as yogi Naveen, is a pranayama and meditation teacher. He is a spiritual seeker. After closely observing life, he has realized that worldly pleasure are not real and long lasting. He felt the divine inner urge to tread on the path of spirituality and assimilated of the eight limbs of Patanjali Ashtanga yoga, teachings of Srimad Bhagwad Gita, Ramayana, and Swami Vivekananda, without any dilutions and modifications. To him, life is the subject of self-research.





Yogi Dhirendra

Dhirendra is a Hatha and Ashtanga certified yoga teacher. He is one of the most popular teachers in the world.





Yogi Umesh Sharma

Umesh is an Ashtanga and Hatha yoga teacher. He has done his master in yogic sciences and has been teaching yoga for 15 years. He is very simple with a high state of intelligence and very gentle soul. Everyone loves his true teaching and true nature. Umesh's each class is very inspiring.





Yogesh Jakhmola

Yogesh is a young and dynamic teacher. He teaches Human Anatomy, Physiology & Yoga therapy at world peace yoga school. His passion for teaching always inspires him to gain in-depth knowledge of his subject. His teaching is based on theory, discussion and demonstration, using all tools and techniques. He has done Masters in Yoga Science & Yoga Therapy. He is also certified in 200 Hours YTTC.





Yogi parlad ji

He is a hatha yoga teacher at (wpys) for more than a year. He is completely stablished in hatha yoga. Parlad ji’s teaching style is completely different than others, he teaches with full of love, respect as well as unders tanding that each of us needed. These qualities make him a good yoga teacher. Parlad ji born & brought up in Rishikesh, learnt yoga in Rishikesh with many great masters, he is well experienced teacher with good practical knowledge. He has a Master in yoga sciences from uttarkhand university.
500 hours certified yoga teacher with yoga alliance USA.





Ajay Dashmana

Ajay Dashmana is a reputed teacher of Yoga Anatomy & Yoga Therapy in Rishikesh. He has in depth knowledge in the field of Yoga Anatomy, Physiology & Yoga Therapy. He imparts knowledge on a deeper level that helps people to lead a healthy and peaceful life. The philosophy of his life is “Educate and Transform”. He has done Diploma in Yogic Science. He is also certified in 500 Hours YTTC.


Location



This teacher training course will be held near Laxman Jhula in Rishikesh, India.
Rishikesh is a very safe place for tourists and locals alike. Locals are used to foreigners and things, such as communication, are a lot easier here than other parts of India. Just practice your usual safety precautions and always keep track of your belongings.
If you are a first time visitor to India, you may experience culture shock from just how different India is from other parts of the world. Be aware that it may be very emotionally overwhelming upon arriving in India, especially if you are beginning your journey in a big city like Delhi. Just know that Rishikesh is a very peaceful and relaxed place in India compared to larger cities.

Nearby places


Delhi - 6 hours



Food



During the training course, you will be serve three meals per day. The food served is hygienically prepared, nutritious, and healthy. World Peace Yoga School puts special emphasis over yogi food for all its students.
Food provided at the center is 100% vegetaian but not vegan. It can be arranged provided you inform the chef about it well in advance.
There will be served 3 vegetarian meals per day (and a cup of chai during our tea breaks) for the duration of the course.
The meals are unlimited. Generally, you’ll get a plate of food with all of the various vegetarian Indian dishes appropriate for breakfast, lunch, or dinner (according to a yogic diet.) We always make a surplus of food for our students, which is usually placed on the dinner tables for our students to grab from if they want more of a particular dish. You can also always feel free to talk to our kitchen staff if you’d like your meals prepared a certain way or if you’d like extra food.


Things to do (optional)



Concerts

Music is a powerful instrument. It connects you deeply with yourself and with others in the most extraordinary and liberating ways. World Peace Yoga School hosts a jam session and you can participate.

Healing therapies

If you are seeking alternative therapies to heal, increase relaxation, or learn more about yourself, World Peace Yoga School has a variety of spiritual treatments available at an additional cost.

Movie nights

When you’re in the mood to watch a Bollywood or Hollywood film, stop by Nirvana Cafe inside the school facilities. Complimentary popcorn will be provided.

Peace projects

World Peace Yoga School is a school with a mission. They spread their message of love and peace wherever and whenever they can through peace projects where the team and the training students regularly perform trash clean-ups around Rishikesh.

Satsang

Recharge your spiritual batteries with a refreshing and peaceful experience at the satsang, a lecture led by Yogi Vishnu that is dedicated to spiritually transforming discussions.

Shopping

A really fun part about Laxman Jhula is all the shops, stalls, and stores. If you have time during your busy training schedule, go wander around for a bit and see what you can find. There are lots of fun clothing to buy like pants, shirts, shawls, and scarves. Some other items that are available in the nearby markets include candles, yoga gear, natural or Ayurvedic beauty and personal care products, religious items, healthy food, snacks, and much more.


What's included



27 nights shared accommodation

A free ayurvedic massage

Daily nutritious vegetarian meals, detox juices and teas

Every Saturday kirtan night

Free taxi-pickup from (DED) Dehradun airport

One the Himalayas sightseeing trip

Weekend excursions

Yoga material


What's not included



Private accommodation  (300 USD additional)

Air-conditioner (100 USD additional)


How to get there



Arrival by airplane

Please book your flight to arrive at Indira Gandhi International Airport (DEL) where you can take a domestic flight into Jolly Grant Airport (DED). The price of the ticket ranges depending on when you book it but it’s usually around 80 USD. Upon arrival, you can use a taxi ride that takes you from the airport to Laxman Jhula. It will cost you 18 USD.
Alternatively, you can also hire a private car to take you from Delhi to Rishikesh. The cost is 75 USD. You have the opportunity to meet up with other students in your yoga teacher training group to arrange a private car in order to keep the cost down. The distance from Delhi to Rishikesh by car is generally six hours but traffic, time of day, and holidays and festivals can make the journey longer.

Arrival by bus

Depending on the time your plane arrives in Delhi, taking a bus can be a tricky option. The Volvo buses from Delhi to Rishikesh stop running around 21:00. If your plane arrives in Delhi in the evening, you will have to get a hotel for the night and then make your way to Delhi ISBT (inter-state bus terminus) in the morning.
From the airport, get a prepaid taxi to take you to Delhi ISBT. You are strongly advised to only go to the government-approved taxi stand located right outside the airport exit. The price from the Delhi airport to Delhi ISBT will be 500 INR.
Once you arrive at Delhi ISBT, navigate your way to the bus station’s ticket stands on the second level (go up the escalator). Go to the Uttarakhand State booth and ask when the next Volvo bus will be leaving for Rishikesh. The bus ticket approximately costs between 300 to 400
INR.
Make sure to ask the bus driver or the bus director where they drop off at Rishikesh. You should get off the bus at Rishikesh bus station which is usually their last stop if their destination is Rishikesh.
Once you arrive at Rishikesh bus station, find an auto rickshaw (tuk tuk) to take you to Laxman
Jhula Bridge. An auto rickshaw will cost around 300 INR from the bus station to Laxman Jhula Bridge. They will drop you near or around a path that has a sign leading you to Laxman Jhula. Once you get to Laxman Jhula Bridge, cross it and make a right at Mango Tree Guesthouse. You’ll pass many shops, cafes, and stores on your way to the school. Follow the path all the way
down for about one kilometer until you see the path curve left up a slight hill. Continue up that curve and World Peace Yoga School will be on your left-hand side.


Cancellation Policy



A reservation requires a deposit of 25% of the total price.

The deposit is non-refundable, if the booking is cancelled.

The rest of the payment should be paid on arrival.

Back to Top


Really Good
8
/10

22 reviews

8.18182
Value for money

7.15909
Accommodation & facilities

7.84091
Food

8.86364
Location

8.63636
Quality of activity

8.57143
Overall impression




World Peace Yoga School
Uttarakhand, India
World Peace Yoga School offers yogic practices and provides the correct understanding, context, traditions, and meaning of yogic science, asana, and philosophy.

Availability:
The Yoga Retreats of this organizer are available 98% of the time.


Send message to World Peace Yoga School
Loading...

This listing is within the top 10% most popular offers in the website



from

--


28 days / 27 nights




Select arrival date:






1 person
Shared double room

--

Total price



1 person
Private room

--

Total price



2 persons
Shared double room
Resort

--

Total price





Instant reservation online




You recently viewed


27 Days 200-Hour Hatha Yoga Teacher Training in Rishikesh, India
23 people currently interested



18 Days 200-Hour Divine Goddess Yoga Teacher Training Hawaii, USA
22 people currently interested



Our most popular


28 Days 200-Hour Ayurveda and Yoga Teacher Training in Kerala, India
55 people currently interested



27 Days 200-Hour Hatha Yoga Teacher Training in Rishikesh, India
23 people currently interested



30 Days 200-Hour Multi-Style Yoga Teacher Training in Koh Phangan, Thailand
22 people currently interested



18 Days 200-Hour Divine Goddess Yoga Teacher Training Hawaii, USA
22 people currently interested



28 Days 200-Hour Yoga Teacher Training in Goa, India
9 people currently interested




Why choose BookYogaRetreats.com
Best Price Guaranteed

5874 Yoga Retreats Worldwide

Friendly and Fast Customer Service

Offers for every budget

You might be interested in


Yoga Teacher Training



Beginner Yoga Courses



Yoga Meditation Retreats



Yoga Spiritual Retreats



200-Hour Yoga Teacher Training



Adventure Yoga Retreats



Yoga Tours



Pranayama Yoga Retreats



Yoga Retreats Hatha



Yoga Retreats Ashtanga



Yoga Retreats in Asia & Oceania



Yoga Retreats in India



Yoga Retreats in Lakshman Jhula



Yoga Retreats in Uttarakhand



Yoga Retreats in Rishikesh



Yoga Retreats in Tapovan







BookYogaRetreats
.com


BookYogaRetreats.com
Contact Us

Press Room

Customer Service

About us

Write for us

Add / Manage your business

Become An Affiliate

Newsletter Sign Up

Terms and Privacy

Site Map
Popular
Yoga Weekend

Luxury Yoga Retreats

Yoga Retreat Costa Rica

Costa Rica Yoga & Surf

Yoga Retreat Greece

Yoga Retreats USA

Yoga Retreat Ibiza

YTT Costa Rica


Recent Blog Articles


6 Ways Yoga Could Help You Learn a New Language

Remote Yoga Retreats in the US

How a Short Yoga Break Can Immediately Boost Your Mood

Pros and Cons of Drinking Water during Yoga

Embracing Our Masculine & Feminine Side


Our Other Themes

BookMartialArts

BookCulinaryVacations

BookSurfCamps

BookMeditationRetreats

BookYogaTeacherTraining

BookDetoxRetreats

BookAllSafaris

BookMotorcycleTours


facebook



twitter



youtube



instagram


Copyright © 2017 BookYogaRetreats.com.
All rights reserved. Powered by:
Tripaneer.com
.





Sign Up for Our Newsletter
Don't miss our special promotions, exclusive offers, new destinations and inspirational stories!
We respect your privacy. We will not publish or share your email address in any way.
Email