
18 Days 200-Hour Divine Goddess Yoga Teacher Training Hawaii, USA - BookYogaRetreats.com







































BookYogaRetreats.com

Yoga Retreats and Holidays




My Wishlist (
0
)










English




Deutsch




Français




Nederlands




Español





CHF





AUD

Australian Dollar




CAD

Canadian Dollar




€

Euro




£

British Pound




US$

United States Dollar




R$

Brazilian Real




CHF

Swiss Franc




CNY

Chinese Renminbi Yuan




CZK

Czech Koruna




DKK

Danish Krone




HKD

Hong Kong Dollar






Rp

Indonesian Rupiah




₪

Israeli New Sheqel




Rs.

Indian Rupee




¥

Japanese Yen




KRW

South Korean Won




MXN

Mexican Peso




MYR

Malaysian Ringgit




NOK

Norwegian Krone




NZD

New Zealand Dollar




PHP

Philippine Peso




PLN

Polish Złoty






RUB

Russian Ruble




SEK

Swedish Krona




S$

Singapore Dollar




THB

Thai Baht




TRY

Turkish Lira




ZAR

South Africa, Rand





Partners

Help






Yoga Retreats
(5,874)

Yoga Teacher Training
(899)

Hatha
(2,298)

The Americas & Caribbean
(1,321)

USA
(274)

Big Island
(16)

Soul Ascension School of Yoga & the Healing Arts
(7)





18 Days 200-Hour Divine Goddess Yoga Teacher Training Hawaii, USA


7 Noni Farm Rd. Pahoa,Big Island, Hawaii, HI 96778, USA



28
Total of people that favorited this listing































“Train and certify in heavenly Hawaii!”
































18 Days 200-Hour Divine Goddess Yoga Teacher Training Hawaii, USA

7 Noni Farm Rd. Pahoa,Big Island, Hawaii, HI 96778, USA

Women Yoga Teacher Training USA

Join Molly Warner and the Soul Ascension Women's Empowerment Team for your 200-hour yoga teacher training immersion in the land of rainbows and dive into an adventure. This course is for women wanting to learn how to teach yoga in a confident, knowledgeable, and empowered way, as well as those who would like to simply deepen their yoga practice with hands-on training in adjustments, alignment, sequence-planning, philosophy, and history. Invite your inner goddess to come alive, shine, and be seen!

Highlights

Daily yoga classes

Meditation session each day

Yin, Yang, Kundalini, Hatha, Bhakti, and Vinyasa yoga practice

Opening circle on the first night and closing circle on the last morning

Emotional release support and guidance throughout your teacher training journey

Soul Ascension School of Yoga and the Healing Arts course certificate

3 daily gourmet vegan and gluten-free meals

17 nights’ accommodation


17 days with instruction

Spanish, English

Show full description


Hide all


Accommodation



You will be accommodated at an accommodation chosen by Soul Ascension School of Yoga and the Healing Arts.


Soul Ascension School of Yoga & the Healing Arts Yoga Teacher Training in USA Program



Hatha-Vinyasa certification, with study of yin and kundalini

Your certification will be a Hatha-Vinyasa Certification, which is approved by the Yoga Alliance, with an introduction to kundalini and yin styles of yoga. As a teacher, you will be able to offer Hatha and Vinyasa classes that contain elements of Kundalini and Yin teachings and methods if you choose to integrate them.

Daily Schedule


06:00 - 07:15 Yogananda's Energization exercises with the ashram community

07:30 - 08:30 Yoga Asana Practice

08:30 - 10:00 Breakfast

10:00 - 12:00 Anatomy, Philosophy

12:00 - 12:30 Mid day meditation with the ashram community

12:30 - 14:00 Lunch

14:00 - 17:00 Practice teaching, adjustments & modifications workshops, posture breakdowns and other physical teachings

17:00 - 18:30 Asana class with the ashram community

18:30 Dinner


Monday nights after dinner - Raja yoga class with the ashram community
Wednesday nights after dinner - Kirtan with the community
Friday nights after dinner - volleyball with the community!
*All day time scheduled events are required for the completion of the course
*Evening activities are optional
*You will have one full day off during the course to spend on the island as you wish!


Included excursions



You will have a surprise excursion for the final 3 days of the course!


Instructors







Molly Warner

Yoga Alliance E-RYT 500 (Yoga)

Molly has been living the practice of yoga for the past 14 years and has a passion for guiding the awakening wild spirit. As an E-RYT 500, she focuses on all aspects of yoga: physical, mental, emotional, and spiritual, and brings these facets together to create a meditative space where people can each dive into the depths of themselves. She has speciality training in Yin and Kundalini yoga, while also loving and working with the transformative fires of Vinyasa. She is a dynamic facilitator, guiding her students to make their own discoveries and realize their own true nature.


Location



This teacher training program will take place on the Big Island, Hawaii, USA.


Food



During this program, you will have gourmet vegan and gluten-free food, three meals per day plus any snacks required. On days off, brunch will be prepared for all students, and food will be available in the house for you to make your own dinner or to make dinner together with the other students. You will also have the choice to go out for dinner. Please inform Soul Ascension School of Yoga and the Healing Arts of any dietary restrictions. They can accommodate nearly any requirement.


Things to do (optional)



Potential adventures to take on your own in your free time are snorkeling! Lava Hikes! See dolphins! Visit waterfalls!


What's included



Daily yoga classes

Meditation session each day

Yin, Yang, Kundalini, Hatha, Bhakti, and Vinyasa yoga practice

Practice along with healing, live music, guided meditations, and guided visualizations

Emotional release support and guidance throughout your teacher training journey

Opening circle on the first night and closing circle on the last morning

Ceremonies

200-hour yoga teacher training certificate through Soul Ascension School of Yoga and the Healing Arts (Yoga Alliance certified)

Local beaches visit and other surprise excursions

17 nights’ accommodation

3 daily gourmet vegan and gluten-free meals and snacks


How to get there



Arrival by airplane

Please book your flight to arrive at Hilo International Airport (ITO). Once your flight is arranged, please inform Soul Ascension School of Yoga & the Healing Art of your arrival details and if you would like to schedule a pick-up from the Hilo airport, Big Island, Hawaii for 45 USD.


Cancellation Policy



A reservation requires a deposit of 20% of the total price.

The deposit is non-refundable, if the booking is cancelled.

The rest of the payment should be paid 52 days before arrival.

Back to Top


Really Good
8
/10

10 reviews

7.75
Value for money

8
Accommodation & facilities

8.25
Food

8.75
Location

8.75
Quality of activity

8.75
Overall impression




Soul Ascension School of Yoga & the Healing Arts
British Columbia, Canada
Soul Ascension School of Yoga and the Healing Arts is a growing group of leaders in their own right within the healing, spirituality, and yoga retreat industry.

Availability:
The Yoga Retreats of this organizer are available 99% of the time.


Send message to Soul Ascension School of Yoga & the Healing Arts
Loading...

This listing has one of the 10 most popular offers available in the USA



from

--


18 days / 17 nights




Availability

Arrival: Sunday January 21, 2018
Departure: Wednesday February 7, 2018

Pricing information

Pricing and accommodations are subject to availability at time of booking.



Cancellation policy

Deposit is non-refundable but is transferable to another person wishing to join the retreat, or can be applied to any of Soul Ascension School of Yoga and the Healing Arts' future programs, courses or retreats.







1 person
Shared double room
Shared house

--

Total price



1 person
Private single room
Shared house

--

Total price



2 persons
Private double room
Shared house

--

Total price





Instant reservation online




Our most popular


28 Days 200-Hour Ayurveda and Yoga Teacher Training in Kerala, India
55 people currently interested



27 Days 200-Hour Hatha Yoga Teacher Training in Rishikesh, India
23 people currently interested



30 Days 200-Hour Multi-Style Yoga Teacher Training in Koh Phangan, Thailand
22 people currently interested



18 Days 200-Hour Divine Goddess Yoga Teacher Training Hawaii, USA
22 people currently interested



28 Days 200-Hour Yoga Teacher Training in Goa, India
9 people currently interested




Why choose BookYogaRetreats.com
Best Price Guaranteed

5874 Yoga Retreats Worldwide

Friendly and Fast Customer Service

Offers for every budget

You might be interested in


Yoga Teacher Training



200-Hour Yoga Teacher Training



Yoga Retreats Hatha



Yoga Retreats Kundalini



Yoga Retreats Vinyasa



Yoga Retreats Yin



Yoga Retreats Bhakti



Yoga Retreats Yang



Yoga Retreats in The Americas & Caribbean



Yoga Retreats in the USA



Yoga Retreats in Big Island



Yoga Retreats in Hawaii County



Yoga Retreats in Hawaii



Yoga Retreats in Pahoa







BookYogaRetreats
.com


BookYogaRetreats.com
Contact Us

Press Room

Customer Service

About us

Write for us

Add / Manage your business

Become An Affiliate

Newsletter Sign Up

Terms and Privacy

Site Map
Popular
Yoga Weekend

Luxury Yoga Retreats

Yoga Retreat Costa Rica

Costa Rica Yoga & Surf

Yoga Retreat Greece

Yoga Retreats USA

Yoga Retreat Ibiza

YTT Costa Rica


Recent Blog Articles


6 Ways Yoga Could Help You Learn a New Language

Remote Yoga Retreats in the US

How a Short Yoga Break Can Immediately Boost Your Mood

Pros and Cons of Drinking Water during Yoga

Embracing Our Masculine & Feminine Side


Our Other Themes

BookMartialArts

BookCulinaryVacations

BookSurfCamps

BookMeditationRetreats

BookYogaTeacherTraining

BookDetoxRetreats

BookAllSafaris

BookMotorcycleTours


facebook



twitter



youtube



instagram


Copyright © 2017 BookYogaRetreats.com.
All rights reserved. Powered by:
Tripaneer.com
.





Sign Up for Our Newsletter
Don't miss our special promotions, exclusive offers, new destinations and inspirational stories!
We respect your privacy. We will not publish or share your email address in any way.
Email