
FAQ







Please Wait


We are looking for the best deals....











United States & Canada -
1-800-593-6259


Mon-Fri (7am-2am), Sat (7am-1am), Sun (7am-10pm)




Latin America:


Mexico:
01.800.237.8329

Argentina:
0810.122.4683

Brazil:
0800.522.2329

Chile:
0800.835.256

Colombia:
01.800.952.0633

Uruguay:
000.405.210.133






Rest of the World:

+52(998)287.3674









¡Coupon
Available!
It applies when your payment.












Call to make a reservation!




Call to make a reservation!



United States -
1-800-593-6259
Mon-Fri (7am-2am), Sat (7am-1am), Sun (7am-10pm)




Latin America:


Argentina:
0810.122.4683

Brazil:
0800.522.2329

Chile:
0800.835.256

Colombia:
01.800.952.0633

Mexico:
01.800.237.8329

Uruguay:
000.405.210.133





Rest of the World:
+52(998)287.3674










Help










FAQ






Feedback







$





Country | Language | Currency:

Argentina
| Español | AR$

Brasil
| Portugues | R$

Chile
| Español | $

Colombia
| Español | $

México
| Español | MXN$

United States
| English | $

Uruguay
| Español | $




















Login










Starting session...





Discover exclusive rates!






Save up to 50%
on your
hotel and travel packages.


Login or create an account
to discover
exclusive rates!

*If you login with a social media account, we will not publish anything without your permission.




Quick Log In



Connect with Facebook

Connect with Google+



Or log in with your BestDay account










Login

Forgot your password?

You do not have an account? Sign up







Name(s)


Middle name


Email



Password




It must be alphanumeric

Must not have multiple consecutive equal caractares

It should not be the same as the user's name

It must be at least 8 characters









Password








*Password Security level





I wish to receive additional information via email

I accept the
Terms and Conditions
|
Privacy Notice

Register








Enter your registered email.






Recover password







Solicitud recibida

Por favor consulta tu correo y sigue las instrucciones para restablecer tu contraseña.

Inicia tu sesión





Hello
!

What do you want to do?

My Profile

Log Out



Back





×


Log in or sign up for the Travelers program and get your
exclusive hotel and travel packages rates





Deals

Home

Hotels

Hotel + Flight

Flights

Tours

Shuttles

Cars
FaceBook
Twitter
Pinterest
Instagram
Google Plus
YouTube
Tumblr
Vimeo
Flickr
Linkedin
Foursquare


Home
»
Frequently Asked Questions


Exclusive offers via email!
Subscribe
Thanks for subscribing!
General topics
Website and security
Service
Charges and forms of payment
Loyalty
Confirmation and voucher
Plans/Schedules
Insurance
Cars
Flights
Hasta 18 mensualidades sin intereses
Ver opciones
FAQ
Website and security
Is it secure to make a reservation on your website?
Of course, this website uses the
Verisign Certificate SSL 3.0
to protect the information sent from your browser to our website and database. 100% of credit card operations are encrypted to ensure privacy when you process your payment online.
The basic search operations on our website don't require the activation of security processes. Our security system is activated automatically when it senses an operation in which information will be stored in the database, as happens when a reservation is made.
Security processes can be enabled for the whole site by clicking on the following link and browsing from there:
https://www.bestday.com/Security/
. You will be able to see the security icon (a padlock symbol) in your browser for every page that you visit.
Is the information that I provide secure?
Of course, at "Viajes Beda"we work according to the regulations established in the
Federal Law for the Protection of Personal Information Possessed by Individuals
, meaning that Viajes Beda S.A. de C.V. ("Viajes Beda") will look to ensure that all handling of sensitive or personal information ("Data") is controlled in such a way as to provide privacy and the right to informative self-determination of the aforementioned information. We suggest you read the privacy notice located at the following link:
//www.bestday.com/Privacy/
. The providing of Data to Viajes Beda by any means implies acceptance of the privacy notice. The Data can be transferred, shared, and/or ceded to subsidiary companies, affiliates, and suppliers of Viajes Beda in Mexico or abroad for commercial, identification and contact purposes, as well as to better understand the needs of our clients and to improve our services.
What kinds of reservations can I make on BestDay.com?
BestDay.com
is the largest Online Travel Agency in Mexico and features great offers for hotels, flights, travel packages, car rentals, transfers, and tours in Mexico's top destinations, the US, Argentina, Canada, Brazil and the Caribbean. (Mexico, the US, Argentina, Canada, the Caribbean, and South America.)
How can I verify if my reservation has been confirmed by the hotel?
You'll know because you'll receive the confirmation voucher, where the status is specified: CONFIRMED.
If you have any questions, we would be happy to respond to any request. You can send an email to your designated travel consultant, whose email address is stated in your confirmation voucher.
You can also consult your voucher on our website:
Service
How can I know what services are included on my reservation?
Once your reservation is processed and confirmed, you'll receive a message with the confirmation information of your booking. You can see this information by clicking on the link
Click Here to Print Your Voucher
, inputting your reservation number and the email used for the booking. You will be taken to your
Itinerary Confirmation
, in which you'll find detailed information about the services contracted.
Can I call the hotel directly to verify the confirmation of my reservation?
This is not necessary. Once you receive the voucher, it will indicate the confirmation of the booking. Nevertheless, if you have any questions about your reservation or the services contracted, you can send an email to your designated travel consultant, whose address appears on the confirmation voucher. You can also call us on 1-800-593-6259 (Select option 2: Existing reservation services)
What should I do if I want to make a change to my reservation?
Any change to your reservation is subject to availability and a new quotation. Please contact your designated Travel Consultant for more information, mentioning your reservation number. We will also gladly attend your request at the following phone number: 1-800-593-6259 (Select option 2: Existing reservation services)
What should I do if I want to add a service to my reservation?
You can purchase the service directly on our website:
www.bestday.com
Or, if you prefer, you can contact us at the following number and we will be happy to attend to your request: 1-800-593-6259 (Select option 2: Existing reservation services)
Is there a penalty for cancelling my reservation?
The services hired can have different cancellation policies, depending on the dates of travel and promotions acquired. For more detailed information, you can consult the Cancelation Policy link for each service that you find on your confirmation voucher (
//www.bestday.com/PrintVoucher/
). You can also contact us at the following telephone number, mentioning your reservation number: 1-800-593-6259 (Select option 2: Existing reservation services)
What's the procedure for changing my flights?
Modifications to airline itineraries will be made according to the policies of the contracted rates, covering the costs for any changes or differences that might be generated. For more information, you can contact us at the following telephone number, mentioning your reservation number: 1-800-593-6259 (Select option 2: Existing reservation services). One of our Customer Service agents will process your request and will provide you with the costs associated with the change.
How do I know what the Cancelation Policy is?
We understand that unexpected things and changes of plan happen, and this is why
Best Day
doesn't penalize any change or cancelation. Nevertheless, please bear in mind the general cancelation policies of our suppliers in case a cancelation is necessary:
For your Hotel Reservation, the following applies:
a): Reservations canceled 15 days or more before the date of arrival will be subject to a charge equal to 10% of the total cost of your reservation.
b): Reservations canceled between 3 and 14 days before the date of arrival will be subject to a charge equal to two nights stay.
c): Reservations canceled two days or less before the date of arrival, or in case of a no-show, will not be reimbursed. Likewise, no reimbursement will apply in the case of an early departure from the hotel.
- Policies for Christmas, New Year, Easter, and/or any other holiday days:
a): Reservations canceled 31 days or more before the date of arrival will be subject to a charge equal to 10% of the total cost of your reservation.
b): Reservations canceled between 15 and 30 days before the date of arrival will be subject to a charge equal to two nights stay.
c): Reservations canceled two weeks or less before the date of arrival, or in case of a no-show, will not be reimbursed. Likewise, no reimbursement will apply in the case of an early departure from the hotel.
For your Tour Reservation, the following applies:
a): Reservations canceled 3 days or more before the date of arrival will be subject to a charge equal to 10% of the total cost of your reservation.
b): Reservations canceled two days or less before the date of arrival, or in case of a no-show, will not be reimbursed.
For your Transfer Reservation, the following applies:
a): Reservations canceled 3 days or more before the date of arrival will be subject to a charge equal to 10% of the total cost of your reservation.
b): Reservations canceled two days or less before the date of arrival, or in case of a no-show, will not be reimbursed.
For your Car Rental Reservation, the following applies:
a): Cancelations received more than 72 hours before the start date of the rental will be subject to a charge equal to 10% of the total cost of your reservation.
b): Cancelations received less than 72 hours before the start date of the rental will be subject to a charge equal to 100% of the total cost of your reservation.
c): No reimbursements apply in the case of not going to pick up your Rental Car.
d): No reimbursements apply if you return your Rental Car early.
For your Flight Reservation, the following applies:
- Airline tickets cannot be transferred or reimbursed. A change to the date and route can be made for a fee, covering the updated cost of the ticket with respect to the contracted rate.
Airline restrictions apply
.
For more information, please consult the Cancelation Policy link for each service that you find on your confirmation (
//www.bestday.com/PrintVoucher/
).
Charges and forms of payment
What forms of payment do you have available?
We accept Visa, MasterCard, and American Express, and you can pay in one payment or with monthly interest-free payments. We also offer the possibility of paying your reservation with one or two forms of payment.
What credit cards do you accept?
We accept Visa, MasterCard, and American Express. We also offer numerous different options when you pay your reservation.
I don't understand the details of my fee?
On your voucher there will be a detailed list of the services you contracted and the total stated should be the same amount charged to your account. If you have any questions we will be glad to help, please just send an email to your designated travel consultant, whose email address is stated on your confirmation voucher.
How will the charge appear on my bank statement?
The charge will appear as
ETravel Reservation Center or Best Day
, although this may vary depending on the entity that processes the payment. If you have any questions we will be glad to help, please get in contact with us on 01.800.020.3722.
I have a charge on my card that I don't recognize, what should I do?
Please get in contact with us first and allow us to investigate this charge. Call us on 01.800.020.3722
Loyalty
Where can I submit feedback about a service?
We invite you to leave comments via the following link:
//www.bestday.com.mx/Contactenos/
Can I register my information as a frequent customer?
Of course, as a frequent customer you’ll receive exclusive offers, and your reservation process will be more efficient because you’ll already be registered with us and you won’t need to enter all of your personal information for each transaction.
https://www.bestday.com.mx/MiCuenta/Registro/
Confirmation and voucher
Do I need to show ID at the hotel?
It is important for the hotel to verify the identity of guests who check-in, so along with your Itinerary Confirmation, you must also present an official ID that matches the name on your reservation.
If the original owner of the reservation will not be present to check-in, we recommend that you make the necessary name change at least 72 hours prior to arrival (
subject to policies and restrictions
).
Why do I need to know my reservation number?
It is important to know your reservation number, as you will be required to provide it should you need to clarify any information or make changes to your services.
Do I need to print my voucher to check-in at the hotel?
You will need to present your confirmation itinerary at check-in, and we recommend printing at least two copies to avoid any inconvenience.
I don’t understand something on my voucher, what do I do?
Here’s what you need to know about your
Itinerary Confirmation
1.
Print Icon
2.
Assigned Travel Consultant
3.
Service Details.
Here you’ll find detailed information about your services(Hotel, Flight, Tour, etc.)
4.
Cost Breakdown
5.
Policies, restrictions and invoicing
(Click on the corresponding link for details)

What official documents are required to board a flight?
For National Flights: IFE or Official Identification
For International Flights: A Passport that is valid for a minimum of 6 months prior to the date of travel and a valid VISA if required by the country you are visiting.
Plans/Shedules
What is the European Plan?
The European Plan is a type of accommodation plan that you can find in various hotels, which doesn’t include any meals and
only covers the hotel stay
. Everything you consume will have an additional charge.
What’s included in the All Inclusive Plan?
The term “All Inclusive”refers to the inclusion of food and drinks during your stay. It is important to verify restrictions that may exist regarding these services, as they can vary from hotel to hotel. To do so, you can visit our website and click on the
General Information
tab for the hotel of your choice, where you’ll find all the details.
How can I find out about my tour pick up?
Once the purchase of your tour services is complete, you’ll receive an email within 24 hours with details of the time and place of your
pick up
;if less than
24 hours
remain before the start of the tour and you have not received this information, we ask that you contact us at 01.800.237.8329 (Option 2: Existing reservations) to confirm.
When can I expect to be picked up at the hotel?
Your departure time for the trip from the hotel to the airport can vary depending on various factors, including distance, the schedule or weather, however staff will be responsible for informing you of your scheduled departure time. We recommend confirming this information by contacting the staff directly or contacting us at 1-800-593-6259. (Option 2: Existing bookings)
To avoid any inconvenience is it recommended that you be in the lobby 15 minutes before the arranged departure time.
What time is check-out?
Each hotel has its own policies regarding check-in and check-out times. You are invited to verify this information on our website under the
General Information
section for the hotel of your choice. This part of the website will provide you with this and other important information.
How can I request a late check-out?
A late check-out is an additional service offered by some hotels and is subject to availability. If you require this service, we recommend that you ask at the reception area or the hotel concierge.
Additional charges may apply for this service.
I wish to make a special request. How do I inform the hotel?
If you wish to make a special request or celebrate a special occasion, you can contact us by emailing your assigned agent and they will gladly inform the hotel of your request. (Requests are subject to availability)
You can also contact us at 1-800-593-6259.
Insurance
Does Best Day sell travel insurance?
Of course, additional details provided below:
Total Freedom Protection Program
Now you can cancel or change your travel plans* and get back 100% of what you paid**.
Details:

Go ahead and book your vacation without any concerns. If for some reason you must cancel or change your travel plans, with the TOTAL FREEDOM Protection Program you can do so up to 48 hours before your trip.
The TOTAL FREEDOM Protection Program provides coverage for any circumstance, allowing you to cancel or change your travel plans one (1) time without penalties for cancellations or changes. No matter why you wish to cancel or change your trip, you can do so as long as you contact us with a minimum of 48 hours left before your trip and as long as you contact us before 3:00 p.m.
How do I get my money refunded?

You will be reimbursed for 100% of everything you have paid for, including the hotel, tours, ground transportation, car rentals, packages and airline tickets.***
The money will be refunded by the same means in which the payment was made. If you paid by credit card, we will refund the money to the same card.
If you choose to book your trip through us, you will not be charged any fee or penalty for exchange or reissuance of airline tickets.
*Any changes or cancelations must be made at least 48 hours prior to your departure date and before 3:00 p.m. This protection plan may only be used on one (1) occasion.
**The hotel reservations, ground transportation, tours, car rental etc. will be refunded via the same payment method used to book the trip.
***The airline tickets will be valid for 11 months from the date of purchase on a credit to be used with the same airline. Restrictions may apply based on your fare.
**** With TOTAL FREEDOM you do not have to pay fees for changes on airline tickets, however if there are differences in the rate you wish to purchase, you must pay for the difference.
How can the TOTAL FREEDOM coverage be used or applied?
You only need to call us at 1-800-593-6259 option X to request a cancelation of your trip. Make sure you receive written confirmation from our Travel Executives to ensure that the requested change or cancelation is valid. The call must be made by the original purchaser.

Terms and Conditions:
•The TOTAL FREEDOM Protection Program may be used for ANY REASON.
•Must be purchased when you make your reservation and may not be purchased after. (This is your only chance to buy it, so do it now!)
•Coverage is valid from the time of purchase up to 48 hours before your departure time.
•Coverage is valid only if claimed by the individual who made the purchase.
•It is not transferable.
•Can only be used on one (1) occasion.
•It is not cumulative.
•The cost of the “TOTAL FREEDOM”certificate or any other Protection Program is non-refundable.
Service provided by Best Day Travel ( Viajes Beda, S.A. de C.V.) and Operated by: Seguros S (Cotiza, Compra, Imprime, S.A. de C.V.).
The Total Protection Program includes:
*Medical costs due to Accident or Illness
$25,000 MXP
*Accidental Death
$100,000 MXP
* Cancellation and/or travel interruption due to an Accident, Illness or Death
$1,000 USD
*Lost luggage
$7,000 MXP
*Baggage delay
$2,000 MXP
*Family travel and subsistence expenses in case of an accident or illness
$1,000 USD
*Telephone Medical Assistance

*Roadside Assistance

*Concierge

*Transmission of urgent messages

*Medical services (With Preferential Cost)

What if I get sick before the trip? Can I cancel without penalty?
Book a hassle free vacation. If for some reason you must cancel or change your travel plans, with the
TOTAL FREEDOM Protection Program
you can do so up to 48 hours before your trip and before 3:00 p.m. The TOTAL FREEDOM Protection Program protects you against "any"circumstances and allows one (1) cancelation or change without penalty as long as you do so with a minimum of 48 hours and before 3:00 p.m. If you wish you can even leave your flights as a credit, paying only the corresponding rate changes as the TOTAL FREEDOM Protection Program covers the change of date.
Restrictions apply on flights with special rates, in which case the change cannot be processed.
I want to buy insurance because I'm traveling abroad, do you sell it?
For Best Day, the safety of our customers is paramount. If you are booking a trip with us, we offer the service of
International Travel Protection (WTP)
that applies to "any"circumstances, such as trip cancelation, trip interruptions, medical/dental emergencies, flight or travel accidents, travel or baggage delays, missed connections, lost, damaged or stolen luggage and coverage of lost tickets. This service must be requested at least 48 hours prior to your departure.
Restrictions apply on flights with special rates, in which case the change cannot be processed.
If you would like to contact us you can do so at 1-800-593-6259 and we will gladly assist you. (Option 1: Quote or Reserve your trip)
Cars
Do I need a credit card to rent a car?
Yes, a credit card is required in order to rent a car. This is because it is necessary to leave a deposit, which is refunded once the car is returned.
What insurance should I get with my rental car?
When booking through Best Day, the rental includes insurance coverage for third-party damage, liability and roadside assistance that is available 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
At the counter, the rental agency will offer various optional insurance policies. The cost of the insurance is dependent on the needs of the driver. These additional costs depend upon the insurance policy selected.
Do I have to purchase insurance with my car rental?
No, the insurance offered by the rental companies is optional. When booking through Best Day, car insurance includes protection from third-party damage, liability and roadside assistance that is available 24 hours a day, seven days a week. At the rental counter, the optional insurance policies offer 20%, 10%, 5% and 0% deductibles. Prices vary depending upon insurance coverage.
Flights
What time should I arrive at the airport?
Remember that today the issue of airport security is paramount, so some processes can sometimes be a little time consuming. It is recommended that you arrive at least three hours before international flights and two hours before domestic flights so that you can enjoy a relaxed travel experience.
What if my flight is delayed?
It is very important that you are at the boarding gate at the time established by the airline. If there is a delay, you can approach a representative to find out the estimated time of departure. If you will be joining a connecting flight to get to your final destination, provide the representative with the necessary information so that the transfer can go through smoothly. If you have reservations for ground transportation, a hotel or another service, please let us know so that the required notifications can be made.
What should I do if the airline makes changes to my flight?
Sometimes airline operations are complex and adjustments must be made. If this happens to your flight and you are already at the airport it is recommended that you meet with a representative of the airline, who can advise you of the available options. The effects of inclement weather can often be a major factor and the airline has contingency plans for such events. If a problem that is unrelated to the airline arises, you will need to contact the airline at least a few days before your flight to make new arrangements. If you have any concerns with your reservations, it is important that you contact us to receive clarification and make any necessary changes.








Need help?



FAQ




Live chat




Help us improve



Your opinion is important


Subscribe and receive exclusive offers
Subscribe
Thank you for subscribing


Follow Us on:


Facebook



Tweeter



Youtube



BestDay Travel on Google Plus



Pinterest








Popular Searches


Destinations

Las Vegas Hotels

Cancun Hotels

Editorial

All Inclusive Hotels

Playa del Carmen Hotels

Acapulco Hotels

Cancún All Inclusive

Riviera Maya Hotels

Tours

Flights

Mexico Hotels

Packages

Punta Cana Hotels




Best Day



Bestday.com.mx México



Bestday.com.ar Argentina



Bestday.com.br Brasil



Bestday.cl Chile



Bestday.com.uy Uruguay



Bestday.com.co Colombia



Bestday.com USA








Site Map



Editorial



FAQ



View your reservation



Weather



About Us



Contact Us



Privacy Notice



Affiliate Program



Add your Property



Terms and Conditions



Security


Best Day Viajes - México


Av. Bonampak Sm. 10 Mza. 2 Lote 7,

Cancún,

Quintana Roo.

México.


Phone:

1-800-593-6259



www.bestday.com
© Viajes Beda S.A. de C.V. 1984 - 2017. All rights reserved. No part of the content may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without explicit permission of the site author.
It is the responsibility of the hotel chainand/or the individual property to ensure the accuracy of the photos displayed. It is not our responsibility for any inaccuracies in the photos.



