
Healing Holidays Booking Terms and Condtions | Healing Holidays


















Close Menu



Retreat Types



Destinations


Offers

Blog

Press

Wellness Experts

About Us

Wish List

Enquire



Open Menu







"For level of expertise in spas there's no touching the award-winning Healing Holidays" - Condé Nast Traveller





+44 (0)20 7843 3597




Newsletter

Guides

Quote







Retreat Types


Retreat Types

Anti-ageing Retreats

Ayurveda Retreats

Detox

Digital Detox

Emotional Healing

Family-Wellness Holidays

Fitness


Fixing your issues



MENOPAUSE



Stress Management



SLEEP ENHANCEMENT



Chronic Pain



Quit Smoking




Group Wellness Retreats

Help with cancer recovery

Holistic Healing

Medical Spa

Pampering Havens

Pilates

Solo Travellers

Spa for Men

Thalassotherapy Holidays

Weight-Loss

Wellness for couples

Yoga

View All












Destinations


Destinations


Caribbean



Turks & Caicos





Europe



Austria



Cyprus



France



Germany



Greece



Iceland



Italy



Portugal



Spain



Switzerland





Indian Ocean



Maldives



Mauritius



Seychelles





Indian Subcontinent



India



Sri Lanka





Middle East



Jordan



Oman





Southeast Asia



Cambodia



Indonesia



Japan



Malaysia



Philippines



Thailand



Vietnam





The Americas



Mexico



United States




View All











Offers

Blog

Press

Wellness Experts

About Us

Wish List






SEARCH






















Terms & Conditions



Healing Holidays is a trading division of Cleveland Travel Ltd., a limited company incorporated in England (company number 2797491) whose registered office is at 227 Shepherds Bush Road, Hammersmith, London, W6 7AS (we, us, our).

We are specialist travel organisers. Our business operates out of the United Kingdom ('UK') and our services are as advertised.



Your holiday protection

ATOL

The air holidays and flights in this brochure are ATOL protected, since we hold an Air Travel Organiser's Licence ('ATOL') number 3384 granted by the Civil Aviation Authority ("CAA"). In the unlikely event of our insolvency, the CAA will ensure that you are not stranded abroad and will arrange to refund any money you have paid to us for an advance booking. For further information, visit the ATOL website at http://www.atol.org.uk



Your Financial Protection

When you buy an ATOL protected flight or flight inclusive holiday from us you will receive an ATOL Certificate. This lists what is financially protected, where you can get information on what this means for you and who to contact if things go wrong.

We, or the suppliers identified on your ATOL Certificate, will provide you with the services listed on the ATOL Certificate (or a suitable alternative). In some cases, where neither we nor the supplier are able to do so for reasons of insolvency, an alternative ATOL holder may provide you with the services you have bought or a suitable alternative (at no extra cost to you). You agree to accept that in those circumstances the alternative ATOL holder will perform those obligations and you agree to pay any money outstanding to be paid by you under your contract to that alternative ATOL holder. However, you also agree that in some cases it will not be possible to appoint an alternative ATOL holder, in which case you will be entitled to make a claim under the ATOL scheme (or your credit card issuer where applicable).

If we, or the suppliers identified on your ATOL certificate, are unable to provide the services listed (or a suitable alternative, through an alternative ATOL holder or otherwise) for reasons of insolvency, the Trustees of the Air Travel Trust may make a payment to (or confer a benefit on) you under the ATOL scheme. You agree that in return for such a payment or benefit you assign absolutely to those Trustees any claims which you have or may have arising out of or relating to the non-provision of the services, including any claim against us, the travel agent (or your credit card issuer where applicable). You also agree that any such claims may be re-assigned to another body, if that other body has paid sums you have claimed under the ATOL scheme.

ABTOT

The Association of Bonded Travel Organisers Trust Limited (ABTOT) provides financial protection under the Package Travel, Package Holidays and Package Tours Regulations 1992 for Cleveland Travel Ltd., and in the event of their insolvency, protection is provided for the following:


non-flight packages commencing in and returning to the UK;

non-flight packages commencing and returning to a country other than the UK; and

flight inclusive packages that commence outside of the UK, which are sold to customers outside of the UK.


1, 2 and 3 provides for a refund in the event you have not yet travelled.  1 and 3 provides for repatriation.  Please note that bookings made outside the UK are only protected by ABTOT when purchased directly with Cleveland Travel Ltd.



Application of these terms and conditions

These terms and conditions, together with any further terms and conditions notified to you by us prior to your entering into a contract with us (without limitation including any in our brochure or on our website which are relevant to your booking)('Our Terms') and any other terms which we both otherwise agree will be binding on us both once a contract is made between us. A contract will exist between us once you have made your booking with us, paid your deposit (or such other fee as may be appropriate for example where you are making a 'late booking') and we have issued you with our booking confirmation. Our contact with you is also subject to any air carriers' terms and conditions of carriage.

You should read these terms and conditions carefully.



English Law

Any dispute arising over our contract will be dealt with under English Law. Our Terms do not affect your statutory rights.



Data Protection

We observe the requirements of the Data Protection Act 1998 ('the Act') in respect of all personal data held by us at any time.

We will not use any personal data relating to you, which we hold at any time for any purpose other than in connection with your booking. We will not pass on such data to third parties save where this is necessary in connection with the performance by us of our contract with you or as otherwise authorised by you. We may use such data to notify you of our services, offers and promotions from time to time. If you do not wish us to so notify you please tick the appropriate box on our booking form.



Booking Conditions

All reservations are made with Cleveland Travel Limited trading as Healing Holidays, a company registered in England under company number 2797491. In the following conditions the term company means Cleveland Travel Limited trading as Healing Holidays, and the term customer means the person signing the booking form and all other persons on whose behalf he or she signs it.



Consumer protection

All holidays and flights in this brochure are ATOL protected, since we hold an Air Travel Organisers Licence granted by the Civil Aviation Authority. Our ATOL number is ATOL3384. For further information visit the ATOL website at http://www.atol.org.uk



1. Booking your holiday

To make a holiday booking the customer should complete, sign and send in a booking form with a deposit of 20% of the holiday cost requested or the full amount if the booking is made within ten weeks of departure. The booking is accepted and the contract made when the company issues a confirmation invoice, which is usually within twenty-four hours of receiving the booking form.



2. Payments

Payment of all confirmation invoices must reach the company not later than 90 days prior to departure.



3. Amendments and cancellation

(i) Amendments

The Company will make every effort to assist you if you wish to alter your arrangements. Requests for an amendment must be in writing, signed by the signatory of the booking form. If the Company is successful in making your requested amendment then you must pay an amendment charge of £50.00 per booking. If the Company is not successful then there will be no charge.



(ii) Cancellations

All cancellations must be advised in writing, signed by the signatory of the booking form. Cancellations are effective on the day that they are received by the company. Recorded delivery is strongly recommended. The following cancellation charges (together with holiday insurance premium) will be payable, depending on the number of days prior to departure the company receives your notice of cancellation.

Days prior to departure date when written advice of cancellation received                 Percentage of total holiday cost

More than 90 days                                                                              Loss of deposit

89 to 42 days                                                                                   50% of total holiday cost

41 to 0 days                                                                                    100% of total holiday cost



(iii) Amendments by the company

After the confirmation invoice has been issued, the company makes every effort to operate all holidays as confirmed. In very rare circumstances, the company may have to modify your holiday before you depart. If the modification is significant the company will notify you as soon as practically possible and you will be entitled to:



(a) take a substitute package of equivalent quality at no extra cost to you; or



(b) take a substitute package of lower quality and recover from the company the difference in value between the

original arrangements and the new ones; or



(c) refund you all monies paid by you under the contract where upon your holiday arrangements will be cancelled. In addition, if the Company has to modify your holiday it will pay you compensation for non-performance of the contract (see table below for levels of compensation), if this is for any reason other than 'force majeure' (see below)



Days prior to departure date when notification      Minimum compensation per person

More than 42 days                                                  £10.00

29 to 42 days prior                                                  £20.00

15 to 20 days prior                                                  £25.00

0 to 14 days prior                                                  £30.00



'Force majeure' means unusual and unforeseeable circumstances beyond the company's control, the consequence of which neither the company nor its suppliers could avoid even if all due care had been exercised. This may include, but is not limited to, war, threat of war, riot, civil strife, terrorist activity (actual or threatened), industrial dispute, technical problems with transport, machinery or equipment, power failure, natural or nuclear disaster, fire, flood, drought, adverse weather conditions and level of water in rivers. If the company becomes unable to provide a significant proportion of your holiday after it has commenced, suitable alternative arrangements will be made for you at no extra charge to you or, alternatively, you will be returned to your point of departure and given a pro rata refund for ground arrangements not received. You may also in such circumstances be entitled to compensation by the company in accordance with the table above.



iv) Cancellation by the company

If you fail to pay the balance of the holiday price at least ten weeks (seventy days) before departure, the company will treat your booking as cancelled and levy the cancellation charge as set out in paragraph 3(ii) above. If the company is obliged to cancel your holiday in any other circumstances before departure, the company will use its best endeavours to offer alternative arrangements at no extra cost to you, or offer a substitute package of lower quality and you may recover from the company the difference in cost, or have repaid to you as soon as possible all monies paid by you. In addition, unless the cancellation has been caused by force majeure the company will pay you compensation as set out in paragraph 3(iii).



(v) The company liability



(i) We accept responsibility for ensuring that your travel arrangements, which you booked with us are supplied as described in our printed material and the services offered reach a reasonable standard. If any part is not provided as promised, we will pay you the appropriate compensation if this has affected the enjoyment of your travel arrangements.



(ii) We accept responsibility for death, injury or illness caused by the negligent acts and/or omissions of our employees, agents and suppliers, whilst acting within the scope of/or in the course of their employment in the provision of your travel arrangements. We will accordingly pay to you such damages as might have been awarded in such circumstances under English law.



(iii) In respect of the services provided by air or sea carriers, our liability in all cases shall be limited in the manner provided by international conventions and conditions of carriage of our suppliers. Copies of these conventions and, conditions of carriage are available on request. Operational decisions may be taken by air or sea carriers and, airports and ferry terminals resulting in delays, diversions or re-scheduling, over which our company has no control. When such changes are made, our company will endeavour to minimise any inconvenience.



(vi) If you have a problem

If you have a problem during your holiday, please inform the relevant supplier (e.g., hotel) and our local representative immediately, who will endeavour to put things right. Not only may prompt action enable you to enjoy your holiday, but it is also a legal requirement, the omission of which can substantially affect your rights against our company. If it is not possible to make the complaint to the appropriate organisation at the time, you should make contact with our company, so that our company can endeavour to resolve it. However, should a problem remain unresolved, a complaint should be made in writing to our company office manager within thirty days of your return.



(vii) Our company price policy

Our suggested itineraries are prepared many months before the start of your holiday and the prices quoted in them are for your guidance only. If at the time of booking the price has changed from that shown in our suggested itineraries, you will be told of the revised price applicable to the travel arrangements before you commit yourself.



Brochure and website content
We make every effort to ensure the accuracy of the information contained in our brochures and on our website. However, content is subject to change from time to time, often due to the actions of our suppliers (eg. airlines, hotels, tour companies, car hire companies). We will endeavour to notify you of any change known to us affecting your holiday prior to issuing you with our booking confirmation.
We do not generally use linking or framing. We are not responsible for the content, policies and services of any sites linked to or accessible via our website.



Links to third-party sites
Hyperlinks to third party Web sites are provided for your reference only. We do not control these Web sites and are not responsible for their content. Inclusion of hyperlinks to such Web sites does not imply any endorsement of the material on such Web sites or any association with their operators.



Modification of these terms & conditions
We reserve the right to change the terms, conditions and notices under which this Web site is offered without prior notice.









"I had a fantastic service from healing holidays. Tracey was so friendly and helpful."









Links



Retreat Types



Destinations


Offers

Blog

Press

Wellness Experts

Healing Partners

About Us

Wish List

Enquire

Contact Us

Online Payments

Job Opportunities




Accommodation


Vana

Kamalaya

Lanserhof Tegernsee

Chiva-Som

Absolute Sanctuary

Viva Mayr Altaussee

SHA Wellness Clinic

Ayurveda Resort Sonnhof

Epic Sana Algarve

Grand Resort Bad Ragaz

38 Degrees North Fitness Retreats

Marbella Club Spain

Amanpuri

Lefay Resort & Spa Lago Di Garda

Lanserhof LANS

Parkhotel Igls

Ayurveda Parkschloesschen

Brenners Park Hotel & Villa Stephanie

View All




Destinations


Europe

South East Asia

Indian Subcontinent

The Americas

Middle East

View All




Retreat Types


Detox

Anti-ageing Retreats

Fitness

Yoga

Medical Spa

Pampering Havens

Ayurveda Retreats

Weight-Loss

Thalassotherapy Holidays

Emotional Healing

Holistic Healing

Fixing your issues

Group Wellness Retreats

Digital Detox

Spa for Men

Pilates

Help with cancer recovery

Wellness for couples

Family-Wellness Holidays

Solo Travellers




Legal


Copyright

Privacy Policy

Terms & Conditions






Sign up for our newsletter

Sign up for our newsletter to receive special offers and our latest blog articles direct to your inbox.




Sign Up






















Website design and development
by Idea Power

test







Need help to book?
+
-




Opening Hours (UK Time)
Monday to Friday: 9:00am - 5:30pm
Saturday: 10:00am - 2:00pm

+44 (0)20 7843 3597



Email us an enquiry



Would you like us to call you?

call me back




« back

Leave your name and number and we'll call you back as soon as possible.



Name






Telephone






Best time to ring



Please choose

Morning

Lunchtime

Afternoon





Submit






















