
Luxury Escapes - Affordable Luxury Travel






















incredible travel offers. up to 70% off. Members only access.

JOIN NOW

or











•

Your Location:
Australia



Australia


Canada

France

Germany

Hong Kong

India

Ireland

Israel

Italy

Korea

Malaysia

New Zealand

Philippines

Singapore

South Africa

Spain

United Kingdom

United States









1300 88 99 00





BECOME A MEMBER FOR
FREE


login





Please Login Below



You already have an account and just subscribed to a new postcode.                Please enter your login details below.








Forgot your Password



Don’t have an email address?

CLICK HERE









Continue with Facebook



Log In with Paypal



Back

Forgot your Password?


Enter your email address and we'll send you a link to restore your password.


We sent you an e-mail with a link to reset your password. Please check your inbox!












Join to Get Free Access






Australia

Canada

France

Germany

Hong Kong

India

Ireland

Israel

Italy

Korea

Malaysia

New Zealand

Philippines

Singapore

South Africa

Spain

United Kingdom

United States







Andaman and Nicobar Islands

Andhra Pradesh

Arunachal Pradesh

Assam

Bihar

Chandigarh

Chhattisgarh

Dadra and Nagar Haveli

Daman and Diu

Goa

Gujarat

Haryana

Himachal Pradesh

Jammu and Kashmir

Jharkhand

Karnataka

Kerala

Lakshadweep

Madhya Pradesh

Maharashtra

Manipur

Meghalaya

Mizoram

Nagaland

National Capital Territory of Delhi

Odisha

Puducherry

Punjab

Rajasthan

Sikkim

Tamil Nadu

Telangana

Tripura

Uttar Pradesh

Uttarakhand

West Bengal










Continue with Facebook



Log In with Paypal


ALREADY A MEMBER? LOGIN





Almost There! Create
a
Password











I agree to join Luxury Escapes and accept the
Terms and Conditions













Back

Get access.
Confirm your subscription

We know you will love Luxury Escapes, filled with the latest interior trends and products.

By clicking confirm, you will be subscribed to Luxury Escapes inspirational newsletters.                .







I agree to join Luxury Escapes and accept the
Terms and Conditions
















“
                                Bustling Bangkok                                ”


Get lost in colourful floating markets









PAST LUXURY ESCAPES TO Bangkok




Five Star Banyan Tree Luxury in the Heart of Bangkok

Save
47%




Stay in the Heart of the City on the Iconic Chao Phraya River

Save
67%




Award Winning Club Stay at Hotel Muse in the Heart of Bangkok

Save
40%






Holidaying in Bangkok


Bangkok’s electric atmosphere draws in crowds of visitors looking to get lost in a cacophony of lights, sounds and incredible sights. As one of the world’s most vibrant cities, Bangkok’s charm comes from its five-star hotels, towering skyscrapers and world-class dining juxtaposed with traditional floating markets, gilded temples and street-food hawkers.


Old and new collide in Bangkok in a way that stimulates the senses and ignites curiosity. The city’s traditionally Thai neighbourhood of Banglamphu is home to leafy lanes, ornate temples and the pulsating energy of the famous Khao San Road, while the cosmopolitan areas of Bangkok Riverside and Sukhumvit feature most of the city’s five-star hotels and an international dining scene popular with expats. Whether it’s a short stopover or a longer stay you’re looking for, Bangkok’s diverse make-up will leave you captivated.


The Best of Bangkok

Chatuchak Weekend Market


Chatuchak Weekend Market has established a reputation for being one of the must-see attractions in Bangkok. Home to over 8,000 market stalls selling everything from handicrafts to clothing, art, antiques, food and even pets, it’s no surprise that this popular market attracts over 200,000 each weekend. Navigating the tight alleyways can be tricky,  but once you get the hang of it you can practice your bartering skills to secure yourself some unique souvenirs.

Floating Markets of Damnoen Saduak


Nothing says traditional Bangkok quite like the famous floating markets of Damnoen Saduak. Catch a glimpse of a bygone way of life as you sail the waterways in a long-tail boat and witness the market vendors selling tropical fruits, vegetables and local food prepared in their floating kitchens.

Wat Arun


Named after the Indian God of Dawn, Wat Arun stands majestically on the side of the Chao Phraya River and is one of Bangkok’s most iconic landmarks. Showcasing a unique architectural design including decorated spikes and a 70-metre-high spire, Wat Arun features tiny pieces of coloured glass and Chinese porcelain placed in intricate patterns to create a truly spectacular temple.

The Grand Palace


No trip to Bangkok would be complete without visiting the spectacular Grand Palace. Built in 1782, the Grand Palace was home to the King of Thailand for 150 years and is now the city’s most famous landmark. Featuring intricate architecture and gilded fixtures, the palace is a show-stopping piece of Bangkok history that is recognised as the spiritual heart of the Thai Kingdom.

Chinatown


Foodies flock to Bangkok’s Chinatown to experience the very best of street-side cuisine and vibrant market stalls. This one-kilometre strip of food vendors, gold shops and traditional eateries comes alive at night when crowds of people contribute to a lively and contagious atmosphere. For a really unique experience, visit Chinatown during major festivals like Chinese New Year.


Related Articles


Delve further into Bangkok and discover the city’s best kept secrets with our list of
Bangkok’s top 7 hidden attraction
s.

Thailand has some of the best food on the planet, and with our list of
7 places foodies will love in Bangkok
you’ll always be in for a great meal.


Cocktails and city views are always on the agenda in Bangkok. Check out our list of
Bangkok’s 7 best sky-high bars
for the best places to grab a drink.

Discover more of Thailand with our luxury deals on the beautiful island of Phuket.






As Seen In





Lux Group Network

—

Cudo

Deals

Luxury Escapes

The Home

Pop

The Gourmet

The Active

Brands Exclusive



company

—

About Us

Contact Us

Refund Policy

Refer a Friend, Get $25 Credit

FAQ

Privacy Policy

Terms & Conditions

Giftcards Terms & Conditions



additional information

—

how we calculate discounts

Why Work With Us?

people & careers







level 1, 50-56 york street
south melbourne, vic 3205

© copyright luxury escapes 2017




























