
Refund Policy































































Hotels & Resorts


Tours & Cruises

Magazine

Gift Card



Flights

Contact Us

Login















Refund Policy


Refund Policy

Luxury Escapes Travel Pty Ltd ("Luxury Escapes" or "we") try to ensure that we only promote Deals that our Members will enjoy. We understand, however, that occasionally, this is not always the case. This Policy sets out the circumstances in which Luxury Escapes may provide refunds to our Members ("Member" or "you") in respect of a specific Deal.

Introduction

It is noted that Australian Consumer Law (which is part of the Competition and Consumer Act 2010 (Cth)) provides for certain statutory guarantees, which cannot be excluded, restricted or modified by us. These warranties are in in addition to any voluntary warranties provided by Luxury Escapes. Nothing in this Refund Policy affects your rights under the Australian Consumer Law or similar legislation 
regarding statutory guarantees to the extent those rights cannot be excluded.

General Provision

Bookings may be cancelled within with a full refund provided that cancellation occurs strictly within 48 hours from the time of booking. Otherwise, Offers purchased from Luxury Escapes are not refundable after purchase due to a cancellation at the request of the purchaser. However, Luxury Escapes will provide a refund where:


we are required by law to do so;

we have made a mistake in advertising an offer that fundamentally misstates the product or service that is the subject of the offer;

prior to the redemption of the offer during the validity period as provided in the fine print of that offer, the provider of the offer ceases trading or ceases to provide the subject matter of the Deal.


Circumstances that DO NOT qualify for Refunds

For the avoidance of doubt, except as set out above where bookings are cancelled within 48 hours from the time of purchase, the following are circumstances that DO NOT qualify for refunds:


where you have contacted Luxury Escapes after the conclusion of the voucher validity period. All refund requests must be submitted in writing while the offer is still valid

where you have failed to read the Specific Terms and Conditions of the offer (located under 'The Fine Print' section on our Website on the day of the offer), and the General Terms and Conditions; or

if you change your mind after you have purchased an offer (for whatever reason);

if you are unable to obtain your preferred time to experience the offer (unless seeking a refund pursuant to the Luxury Escapes Booking Guarantee); or

if you lose or misplace your travel voucher or booking confirmation; or

if the merchant on behalf of whom we are advertising the offer does not honour the terms of the offer because you have failed to present the voucher on redemption; or

if you cannot redeem the offer prior to the end of the redemption period due to travel commitments; or

if you cancel a scheduled booking such that the cancellation voids the voucher in accordance with the merchant’s cancellation policy
if the Deal experience did not meet your general expectations (for whatever reason);

if you have had a dispute with the business on behalf of whom we are advertising the offer; or

if the Business does not have availability to redeem your voucher because you have not attempted to make a booking within a reasonable period of time (as determined by Luxury Escapes) from the expiry date.


Accidental Purchases

Any accidental voucher purchases will incur a processing fee


Submitting a request for a Refund

A request for a refund must be submitted via the form located on the `Contact Us` page of the Luxury Escapes Website. All Members requesting a refund will be required to provide full particulars as to why they are not satisfied with the quality of the goods and services that are the subject of an offer.

Luxury Escapes will verify

Luxury Escapes will verify the validity and veracity of some or all of the particulars of a request for refund by consulting with the relevant merchant responsible for fulfilling the offer. Luxury Escapes may also ask you (by phone or email) to provide additional information in relation to the refund request.

Luxury Escapes may refuse request

In circumstances where we believe that a request for a refund does not fall within the scope of this Policy, is misleading, incorrect and/or deceptive or is otherwise invalid, Luxury Escapes may, in its absolute discretion, refuse a refund request. Luxury Escapes is 
under no obligation to provide you with reasons as to why your request has been refused. Please note, any fraudulent refund requests will be immediately referred to the relevant authorities.

Refund to Credit Card

The refund will be credited to the Credit Card used to purchase the offer. Any refund provided by Luxury Escapes is in no way an admission of liability by or on behalf of Luxury Escapes or the admission of any other fact in connection with any act or omission which led 
to the request for a refund being submitted by the Member.

Change to Policy

Luxury Escapes may change this Policy at any time at our absolute discretion by posting the revised policy on this Website. It is your responsibility to review the terms of this Policy regularly. Your continued receipt of our daily emails will constitute acceptance and acknowledgment of the terms of this Policy.

Contact information

Any feedback or questions regarding this Policy should be emailed to
support@luxuryescapes.com
and addressed to the Chief Operating Officer.












Lux Group sites have been featured on:









Lux Group Network

Cudo

Deals

Luxury Escapes

The Home

Pop

The Gourmet

The Active

Brands Exclusive

Bookwell



COMPANY

About Us

Contact Us

Refund Policy

Refer a Friend, Get $25 Credit

Privacy Policy

Terms & Conditions

Giftcards Terms & Conditions



ADDITIONAL INFO

How We Calculate Percentage Off

Why Work With Us?

People and Careers





level 1, 50-56 york street
south melbourne, vic 3205

+61 2 8320 6845

Operating hours 7:00-19:00 AEST





Europe
Montenegro
Italy
Spain
East Asia
China
Eastern Europe
Estonia
Middle East
Iran
North America
Mexico
United States
South America
Colombia
South Pacific
Samoa
South Asia
India
Maldives
Nepal
Sri Lanka
South East Asia
Indonesia
Thailand
Vietnam
Singapore
Africa
Madagascar
Australasia
Australia



© Copyright LuxuryEscapes 2015















































