
Giftcards Terms & Conditions































































Hotels & Resorts


Tours & Cruises

Magazine

Gift Card



Flights

Contact Us

Login















Giftcards Terms & Conditions



LUXURY ESCAPES GIFT CARD TERMS OF USE
1. Introduction
These Terms and Conditions of Use (
Terms
) apply to all Gift Cards issued by Luxury Escapes Travel Pty Ltd (
Luxury
Escapes
).
Your purchase, redemption or attempted redemption of a gift card constitutes your acceptance to be bound by these
terms and conditions of use and agreement to the privacy policy.
2. Definitions
Account
means your subscription and account with Luxury Escapes on the Website.
Gift Card(s)
means the gift card that you have purchased or received along with the accompanying Gift Card Code.
Gift Card Code
means the accompanying redemption code for the Gift Card which is provided at the point of sale
following the purchase of the Gift Card.
Remaining Gift Card Value
means, at any time, that portion of the initial value of your Gift Card which is unspent
and can be accessed as a credit on your Account in accordance with these Terms.
Website
means luxuryescapes.com
A reference to "
we
" or "
us
" is a reference to Luxury Escapes Travel Pty Ltd (ABN 16 150 650 927).
A reference to "
you
" or "
your
" is a reference to the person who is in possession of the Gift Card at the relevant
time for the purposes of these Terms, or who authorises another person to do something with or to the Gift Card on
their behalf.
1. Gift Card Redemption and Exclusions
1.1 Redemption
Except for the exclusions listed in paragraph 1.2 (
Exclusions
) below, the Gift Card has a AUD dollar value that can
be used as currency towards purchases on the Website.
1.2 Exclusions
The following are the exclusions applicable to the redemption of your Gift Card:

The Gift Card is only redeemable to purchase featured packages on the Website up to the value stated.

Defaced, mutilated, altered, lost or stolen Gift Card Codes cannot be replaced, refunded or redeemed;

The Gift Card and the accompanying Gift Card Codes are not redeemable for cash.

The Gift Card and the accompanying Gift Card Codes will expire in 12 months from the date of activation.

Cash will not be given or credited for any unused amount.

Gift Cards cannot be used to purchase Gift Cards or other forms of payment

Gift Cards cannot be used to purchase airfares, insurance or any other ancillary products or services not included in a featured package.


2. How to purchase and load value onto your Gift Card
2.1 In store Gift Card purchases
You may select a Gift Card with a value of AUD $50, $100, $250, $500 or $1,000, as displayed on the carrier.
Present the Gift Card to the point of sale operator and pay for the Gift Card and you will receive a Gift Card Code
which can be used to activate your card.
2.2 All Gift Cards
Pay for your Gift Card value with Australian Dollars using the payment method of your choice (other than a Gift
Card).
Gift Card(s) will be activated at the time that a purchase (or part purchase) is made at the checkout on the
Website.
3. Using your Gift Card
3.1 Making a purchase with your Gift Card
You must register as a member of Luxury Escapes on the Website before a Gift Card may be redeemed. The transaction
will be completed when the balance has reduced on your Gift Card. Please note Gift Cards can only be used on the
Australian website.
No change will be given for any Remaining Gift Card Value. The Remaining Gift Card Value may be used in whole or
part as a credit in your Account to be used for future purchases until the Remaining Gift Card expires.
You agree that we can reduce the Remaining Gift Card Value by the value of all purchases of goods and services that
are authorised by you. Transactions are authorised by you by:

Giving us details of the Gift Card and authorising the transaction in some other way approved by us or

Entering the Gift Card Code at check-out for online purchases.

When you authorise a transaction:

You are confirming that the transaction correctly represents the purchase price of the goods or services obtained;
and

You are agreeing to pay the amount of that transaction by the reduction of the Remaining Gift Card Value.

3.2 Purchases exceeding the Remaining Gift Card Value
Your Gift Card may only be used to make purchases up to the initial Gift Card value or the Remaining Gift Card
Value. If you wish to make a purchase for an amount that exceeds the Gift Card value or the Remaining Gift Card
Value, you must pay the excess using another payment method.
3.4 Issue with goods or services purchased with a Gift Card
If you have an issue with any goods or services that you purchased with a Gift Card you should contact our Call
Centre on 1300 88 99 00.
3.5 No cash advances
Gift Cards are not legal tender, account cards, credit or debit cards or securities. You cannot obtain any cash
advance with your Gift Card, redeem your Gift Card for cash or receive any portion of the Remaining Gift Card Value
in cash.
3.6 Checking your Gift Card balance
You will not be sent statements of transactions on a Gift Card. Once you have made a purchase with your Gift Card
you can check any Gift Card balance on the Website which will be represented as a credit in your Account provided
you have not redeemed the entire value on the Gift Card.
3.7 Can I exchange my Gift Card?
You cannot exchange your Gift Card for a different denomination or type of Gift Card or for another form of payment,
cash or discount.
3.8 Can I purchase a Gift Card using a Gift Card?
Gift Cards cannot be used to purchase another Gift Card.
4. Expiry, cancellation and re-issue of Gift Cards
4.1 Expiry of Gift Cards
Your Gift Card will be valid for use for one year from the date of activation, for any purchase on the Website. You
should use all of the Remaining Gift Card Value before the expiry date, on the expiry date Gift Cards have no value.
4.2 Cancellation and voiding of Gift Cards


Gift Cards cannot be cancelled once they are issued except if voided by Luxury Escapes, if their value is used or if
they expire.

We reserve the right to void any Gift Card that appears to have been defaced, mutilated, altered or tampered with in
any way.

We reserve the right to cancel any Gift Card, or the Gift Card program, without notice, if reasonably necessary. In
such instances (except those set out in paragraph b) we will elect to provide a refund or a replacement Gift Card.

We reserve the right to correct the balance of your Gift Card if we believe that a clerical or accounting error has
occurred.

We reserve the right to cancel any bookings made with a Gift Card that has been deemed to have been purchased with
fraudulent funds.

4.3 Re-issue of faulty or damaged Gift Cards
A re-issue of faulty or damaged Gift Cards is not available unless the fault or damage to the Gift Card is proven to
be a result of the production process or otherwise due to the fault of us or our agents or contractors.
5. Lost or stolen Gift Cards
Treat your Gift Card like cash. Lost or stolen Gift Cards will not be replaced or refunded. The bearer of the Gift
Card will be taken to be the owner of the Gift Card.
6. Your responsibility and protecting your Gift Card Code
You are responsible for the use and safety of your Gift Card including the confidentiality of the card number and
the Gift Card Code. You are liable for all transactions on your Gift Card including those which have occurred due to
disclosure of your Gift Card Code, except to the extent to which there has been fraud or negligence by us.
7. Changes to the Terms
We reserve the right to change any of the terms contained in these Terms and Conditions of Use at any time where the
change is reasonably required and agree to provide you with at least 30 days’ notice of such changes. We will give
you notice by posting the revised Terms on the Website.
8. Privacy and confidentiality
Our Privacy Policy explains how we handle the personal information that we may collect from you with respect to Gift
Cards. A copy of the Luxury Escapes Privacy Policy is available on the Website
10. Limitation of liability
You have certain rights under the Australian consumer legislation which cannot be excluded and are not affected by
these terms and conditions. Except for those statutory rights, any conditions implied by any other laws are excluded
from these Terms and Conditions of use. To the maximum extent permitted by law, if we are liable to you, our maximum
aggregate liability to you is limited to the Remaining Gift Card Value on your Gift Card.
11. Applicable law
These Terms and Conditions of Use are to be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of Victoria,
Australia. Any dispute in connection with a Gift Card is exclusively subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of
Victoria, Australia.




Lux Group sites have been featured on:









Lux Group Network

Cudo

Deals

Luxury Escapes

The Home

Pop

The Gourmet

The Active

Brands Exclusive

Bookwell



COMPANY

About Us

Contact Us

Refund Policy

Refer a Friend, Get $25 Credit

Privacy Policy

Terms & Conditions

Giftcards Terms & Conditions



ADDITIONAL INFO

How We Calculate Percentage Off

Why Work With Us?

People and Careers





level 1, 50-56 york street
south melbourne, vic 3205

+61 2 8320 6845

Operating hours 7:00-19:00 AEST





Europe
Montenegro
Italy
Spain
East Asia
China
Eastern Europe
Estonia
Middle East
Iran
North America
Mexico
United States
South America
Colombia
South Pacific
Samoa
South Asia
India
Maldives
Nepal
Sri Lanka
South East Asia
Indonesia
Thailand
Vietnam
Singapore
Africa
Madagascar
Australasia
Australia



© Copyright LuxuryEscapes 2015































