
Luxury Escapes - Affordable Luxury Travel






















incredible travel offers. up to 70% off. Members only access.

JOIN NOW

or











•

Your Location:
Australia



Australia


Canada

France

Germany

Hong Kong

India

Ireland

Israel

Italy

Korea

Malaysia

New Zealand

Philippines

Singapore

South Africa

Spain

United Kingdom

United States









1300 88 99 00





BECOME A MEMBER FOR
FREE


login





Please Login Below



You already have an account and just subscribed to a new postcode.                Please enter your login details below.








Forgot your Password



Don’t have an email address?

CLICK HERE









Continue with Facebook



Log In with Paypal



Back

Forgot your Password?


Enter your email address and we'll send you a link to restore your password.


We sent you an e-mail with a link to reset your password. Please check your inbox!












Join to Get Free Access






Australia

Canada

France

Germany

Hong Kong

India

Ireland

Israel

Italy

Korea

Malaysia

New Zealand

Philippines

Singapore

South Africa

Spain

United Kingdom

United States







Andaman and Nicobar Islands

Andhra Pradesh

Arunachal Pradesh

Assam

Bihar

Chandigarh

Chhattisgarh

Dadra and Nagar Haveli

Daman and Diu

Goa

Gujarat

Haryana

Himachal Pradesh

Jammu and Kashmir

Jharkhand

Karnataka

Kerala

Lakshadweep

Madhya Pradesh

Maharashtra

Manipur

Meghalaya

Mizoram

Nagaland

National Capital Territory of Delhi

Odisha

Puducherry

Punjab

Rajasthan

Sikkim

Tamil Nadu

Telangana

Tripura

Uttar Pradesh

Uttarakhand

West Bengal










Continue with Facebook



Log In with Paypal


ALREADY A MEMBER? LOGIN





Almost There! Create
a
Password











I agree to join Luxury Escapes and accept the
Terms and Conditions













Back

Get access.
Confirm your subscription

We know you will love Luxury Escapes, filled with the latest interior trends and products.

By clicking confirm, you will be subscribed to Luxury Escapes inspirational newsletters.                .







I agree to join Luxury Escapes and accept the
Terms and Conditions
















“
                                Peaceful Phuket                                ”


Be at one with nature's beauty









CURRENT LUXURY ESCAPES TO Phuket





Save
74%



Idyllic Thai Hideaway Near One of Phuket’s Best Beaches







PAST LUXURY ESCAPES TO Phuket




7-Night Seclusion by the Beach in Khao Lak

Save
69%




Exclusive Child-Free Beachfront Stay in Khao Lak

Save
70%




8-Night Suite and Villa Hilltop Hideaway

Save
68%






Holidaying in Phuket


Known as ‘The Pearl of the Andaman’, Thailand’s biggest island is a tropical wonderland of white-sand beaches and five-star resorts surrounded by the crystal clear azure of the Andaman Ocean. With its iconic towering limestone cliffs rising from the ocean, lush rainforest, secret off-shore islands, and vibrant streets lined with lively bars and boutiques, Phuket is the perfect holiday destination for jet setters looking to experience a slice of paradise mixed with a dash of James Bond-style adventure.

With its five-star resorts, idyllic beaches and relaxed vibe, the areas around Kata and Karon beaches attract families and couples looking to experience the epitome of beachfront luxury in a tropical oasis, while those looking for nightlife, watersports and boutique shopping might be more attracted to the lively pace of Patong. Many travellers also find the allure of the neighbouring islands of Phi Phi, Similan and Racha too hard to resist, so easy speedboat transfers are readily available to make island-hopping a breeze.



The Best of Phuket


Phang Nga Bay

Phang Nga Bay’s dramatic limestone karsts and emerald-green waters have become an iconic image associated with the island of Phuket. Starring as the backdrop in James Bond’s
The Man with the Golden Gun,
the aptly named ‘James Bond Island’ is located inside Phang Nga National Park and is the main reason for visitors to flock upon this island paradise. Explore the weaving waterways and hidden caves of this spectacular rocky ocean garden by canoe in your own time.


Phi Phi Island

Phi Phi Island is the A-lister of Phuket attractions and an unmissable site that should appear on everyone’s Thailand bucket list. Made famous by movies including Leonardo DiCaprio’s
The Beach
and
Stealth
starring Jamie Foxx and Jessica Biel
,
it’s no surprise that these big-screen hits have encouraged travellers to visit this spectacular destination. Just a 45-minute speedboat ride from Phuket, Phi Phi Island features dreamy beaches and turquoise waters perfect for snorkelling through a colourful underwater world of tropical fish.


Bangla Road

When the sun sets in Phuket, there’s only one place to go to experience the vibrant nightlife that put this island’s party scene on the map - it’s Bangla Road. By day it’s a peaceful street, but by night a chaotic clash of music, lights and bars transforms Bangla Road into the ultimate party spot. Whether nightclubs and late nights is your thing or not, you’ve got to see Bangla Road at least once when you’re in Phuket, just to say you’ve done it.


Kato Noi Beach

Just a short drive from the famous beaches of Kata and Karon, Kato Noi Beach is a small stretch of sand surrounded by beautiful scenery. Perfect for those looking to avoid the crowds, Kato Noi is known for its soft white sand, snorkelling, and Kata viewpoint that offers spectacular vistas across Karon and Kata beach.


Big Buddha

As one of the most famous landmarks in Phuket, Big Buddha is a 45-metres-tall statue that sits at the top of the Nakkerd Hills. The Buddha is made from white Burmese marble that catches the sunlight perfectly during the daytime. For those who make the journey to the top of the hill, spectacular panoramic views of the island and great photo opportunities await.



Related Articles

Every wondered what it’s like to sleep in a bird’s nest? Take a peek at one of
Phuket’s most unique hotels
and discover a new way to holiday.

Avoid the crowds on Thailand’s popular beaches with our useful list of
Thailand’s six most underrated beaches
.

Discover the other side to Thailand with our city escapes in Bangkok.





As Seen In





Lux Group Network

—

Cudo

Deals

Luxury Escapes

The Home

Pop

The Gourmet

The Active

Brands Exclusive



company

—

About Us

Contact Us

Refund Policy

Refer a Friend, Get $25 Credit

FAQ

Privacy Policy

Terms & Conditions

Giftcards Terms & Conditions



additional information

—

how we calculate discounts

Why Work With Us?

people & careers







level 1, 50-56 york street
south melbourne, vic 3205

© copyright luxury escapes 2017




























