
Luxury Escapes - Affordable Luxury Travel






















incredible travel offers. up to 70% off. Members only access.

JOIN NOW

or











•

Your Location:
Australia



Australia


Canada

France

Germany

Hong Kong

India

Ireland

Israel

Italy

Korea

Malaysia

New Zealand

Philippines

Singapore

South Africa

Spain

United Kingdom

United States









1300 88 99 00





BECOME A MEMBER FOR
FREE


login





Please Login Below



You already have an account and just subscribed to a new postcode.                Please enter your login details below.








Forgot your Password



Don’t have an email address?

CLICK HERE









Continue with Facebook



Log In with Paypal



Back

Forgot your Password?


Enter your email address and we'll send you a link to restore your password.


We sent you an e-mail with a link to reset your password. Please check your inbox!












Join to Get Free Access






Australia

Canada

France

Germany

Hong Kong

India

Ireland

Israel

Italy

Korea

Malaysia

New Zealand

Philippines

Singapore

South Africa

Spain

United Kingdom

United States







Andaman and Nicobar Islands

Andhra Pradesh

Arunachal Pradesh

Assam

Bihar

Chandigarh

Chhattisgarh

Dadra and Nagar Haveli

Daman and Diu

Goa

Gujarat

Haryana

Himachal Pradesh

Jammu and Kashmir

Jharkhand

Karnataka

Kerala

Lakshadweep

Madhya Pradesh

Maharashtra

Manipur

Meghalaya

Mizoram

Nagaland

National Capital Territory of Delhi

Odisha

Puducherry

Punjab

Rajasthan

Sikkim

Tamil Nadu

Telangana

Tripura

Uttar Pradesh

Uttarakhand

West Bengal










Continue with Facebook



Log In with Paypal


ALREADY A MEMBER? LOGIN





Almost There! Create
a
Password











I agree to join Luxury Escapes and accept the
Terms and Conditions













Back

Get access.
Confirm your subscription

We know you will love Luxury Escapes, filled with the latest interior trends and products.

By clicking confirm, you will be subscribed to Luxury Escapes inspirational newsletters.                .







I agree to join Luxury Escapes and accept the
Terms and Conditions
















“
                                Tropical Fiji                                ”


Surrender to barefoot island life









PAST LUXURY ESCAPES TO Fiji




Iconic Private Island Resort's Multi-Million-Dollar Renovations

Save
52%




Discover One of Fiji’s Favourite Resorts

Save
62%




Visit a Tropical Island Hideaway with Only 16 Beachfront Bures

Save
55%






Holidaying in Fiji


Fiji offers absolute barefoot luxury at its finest with an exquisite collection of 333 tropical islands in the heart of the South Pacific. Popular with honeymooners and families, Fiji’s palm tree-speckled shores are lined with stunning five-star resorts that provide an idyllic backdrop for those looking to discover absolute relaxation. A tropical paradise of lush rainforest, white-sand beaches and azure lagoons, Fiji is often described as ‘the way the world should be’, and it’s not hard to see why.

Planning a holiday to Fiji is as easy as picking which island paradise you think is the most perfect for you. The country’s capital city of Suva offers colonial architecture and a traditional Fijian experience, while the popular island of Denarau is known for its spectacular five-star resorts and laid-back way of life. To experience the epitome of tranquil beach living, Fiji’s Coral Coast, Pacific Harbour, Taveuni Island and Mamanuca Islands showcase turquoise waters perfect for snorkelling, world-class scuba diving, eco parks, and peaceful beaches fringed with coconut palms.



The Best of Fiji


Cloud 9 Bar

Cocktails by the ocean don’t get more perfect than at Fiji’s famous Cloud 9 bar. Set on a floating platform in the middle of the ocean, this stylish bar boasts 360-degree views of the South Pacific and can only be accessed by boat or seaplane. Feel completely disconnected from the world as you relax on a daybed and enjoy chic cocktails, wood-fired pizzas, snorkelling and music from international DJs.


Sabeto Mud Pool and Thermal Spring

Set in lush surroundings, Sabeto Mud Pool and Thermal Spring is a natural spa that gives visitors a rare opportunity to experience a unique beauty treatment. The mud baths encourage visitors to cover themselves from head to toe in mud to reap the age-defying benefits of the ground, while the sulphur in the hot springs is believed to have healing properties.


Great Astrolabe Reef

Great Astrolabe Reef is a diving lovers dream. As the world’s fourth longest barrier reef, Astrolabe is an untouched paradise consisting of 75 miles of colourful hard and soft corals that are home to reef fish, starfish, whitetip and grey reef sharks, schooling jacks, barracuda, giant groupers and surgeonfish.


The Mamanuca Islands

The Mamanuca Islands are made  up of 20 palm-fringed islands and some of Fiji’s most exclusive five-star resorts. Featuring stunning white-sand beaches, coral gardens and warm waters, the Mamanuca Islands have starred as the idyllic setting for Tom Hanks’ smash-hit movie Cast Away and the TV show Survivor. The islands offer an abundance of activities including parasailing, windsurfing, dolphin watching, island cruises, snorkelling and surfing.


Kula Eco Park

Immerse yourself in the beauty of Fiji and explore the country’s exotic flora and fauna with a visit to Kula Eco Park. Situated on the Coral Coast of the main island of Viti Levu, Kula is a wildlife sanctuary that traverses hillsides and forest. Spend time exploring the lush botanical gardens which host a mix of floral, fruit and medicinal plants and trees, and keep your eyes peeled for colourful birds including parrots and doves, iguanas, lizards, boa constrictors, turtles and tropical fish.



Related Articles

Read more about the incredible
Cloud 9 bar
in our Luxury Escapes magazine

Delve into the hidden depths of Fiji with our tips on how to
explore the road less travelled in Fiji

Want to explore more of the South Pacific? Check out our exclusive deals in New Zealand, Vanuatu and Papua New Guinea





As Seen In





Lux Group Network

—

Cudo

Deals

Luxury Escapes

The Home

Pop

The Gourmet

The Active

Brands Exclusive



company

—

About Us

Contact Us

Refund Policy

Refer a Friend, Get $25 Credit

FAQ

Privacy Policy

Terms & Conditions

Giftcards Terms & Conditions



additional information

—

how we calculate discounts

Why Work With Us?

people & careers







level 1, 50-56 york street
south melbourne, vic 3205

© copyright luxury escapes 2017




























