
Luxury Escapes - Affordable Luxury Travel






















incredible travel offers. up to 70% off. Members only access.

JOIN NOW

or











•

Your Location:
Australia



Australia


Canada

France

Germany

Hong Kong

India

Ireland

Israel

Italy

Korea

Malaysia

New Zealand

Philippines

Singapore

South Africa

Spain

United Kingdom

United States









1300 88 99 00





BECOME A MEMBER FOR
FREE


login





Please Login Below



You already have an account and just subscribed to a new postcode.                Please enter your login details below.








Forgot your Password



Don’t have an email address?

CLICK HERE









Continue with Facebook



Log In with Paypal



Back

Forgot your Password?


Enter your email address and we'll send you a link to restore your password.


We sent you an e-mail with a link to reset your password. Please check your inbox!












Join to Get Free Access






Australia

Canada

France

Germany

Hong Kong

India

Ireland

Israel

Italy

Korea

Malaysia

New Zealand

Philippines

Singapore

South Africa

Spain

United Kingdom

United States







Andaman and Nicobar Islands

Andhra Pradesh

Arunachal Pradesh

Assam

Bihar

Chandigarh

Chhattisgarh

Dadra and Nagar Haveli

Daman and Diu

Goa

Gujarat

Haryana

Himachal Pradesh

Jammu and Kashmir

Jharkhand

Karnataka

Kerala

Lakshadweep

Madhya Pradesh

Maharashtra

Manipur

Meghalaya

Mizoram

Nagaland

National Capital Territory of Delhi

Odisha

Puducherry

Punjab

Rajasthan

Sikkim

Tamil Nadu

Telangana

Tripura

Uttar Pradesh

Uttarakhand

West Bengal










Continue with Facebook



Log In with Paypal


ALREADY A MEMBER? LOGIN





Almost There! Create
a
Password











I agree to join Luxury Escapes and accept the
Terms and Conditions













Back

Get access.
Confirm your subscription

We know you will love Luxury Escapes, filled with the latest interior trends and products.

By clicking confirm, you will be subscribed to Luxury Escapes inspirational newsletters.                .







I agree to join Luxury Escapes and accept the
Terms and Conditions
















“
                                Blissful Bali                                ”


Journey to a white-sand paradise









CURRENT LUXURY ESCAPES TO Bali





Save
58%



Exclusive Escape in the Top Tier Collection of Suites & Villas






Save
42%



Indulgent Pool Villa Escape in Seminyak, Bali






Save
48%



Ocean-Facing Suite with Jacuzzi in Bali’s Uluwatu







PAST LUXURY ESCAPES TO Bali




Award-Winning Beachfront Decadence in Stunning Nusa Dua

Save
69%




Grand-Opening Exclusive: Balinese All-Inclusive Wellness Retreat

Save
66%




Discover a Tranquil Oasis in the Heart of Vibrant Seminyak

Save
45%






Holidaying in Bali


Few places on earth can be described as ‘the ultimate holiday destination’, but Bali really does have it all. In a place where white-sand beaches provide the backdrop for some of the world’s most luxurious five-star resorts, lush rainforest cascades down the sides of sweeping rice fields, and grandiose temples sit dramatically on the edge of towering cliffs, this diverse island is so much more than just a flop-and-drop destination.

While relaxation is always on the agenda in Bali, many travel to this Indonesian gem to immerse themselves in the island’s culture, taste the exotic local delicacies sold by street hawkers, or catch some waves on one of the many surf beaches. The beach towns of Seminyak and Legian attract visitors for their beautiful golden beaches, stylish bars like Potato Head and Cocoon Beach Club, chic boutique shopping, and vibrant restaurants that serve cuisine from around the world. For those looking for a slower pace, Nusa Dua is known for its five-star resorts and stunning beaches, while the rainforest town of Ubud is dotted with waterfalls, rice fields, Hindu temples and a monkey forest. Whatever, you’re looking for in a holiday, Bali is the place to be.


The Best of Bali

Tanah Lot Temple


Holiday like movie star Julia Roberts and add a dash of
Eat, Pray, Love
to your Bali escape with a visit to Tanah Lot Temple. As one of the most iconic attractions in Bali, Tanah Lot Temple is popular with tourists due to its unique appearance and the tales of legend that shroud this religious monument in mystery. Built atop a small rocky island situated slightly off shore, the best time to visit this Hindu shrine is at sunset when the black rock of the island and the dramatic crashing waves of the Indian ocean at high tide, create a spectacular floating-island effect.

Ubud Monkey Forest


Located inland in the rainforest town of Ubud, the Monkey Forest is a tropical wonderland for animal lovers. The locals view the Monkey Forest as an important spiritual and conservation centre for their village, but welcome visitors who want to meet the furry residents. Home to approximately 700 monkeys, visitors can get up close and personal with these amazing creatures and even feed them bananas.

Potato Head


You may have already heard the whispers about Potato Head before you even arrive in Bali. One of the most popular beach clubs on the island, Potato Head is the place to see and to be seen in Seminyak. With three restaurants, two bars, an infinity pool overlooking the ocean, and the best sunset views in Bali,  this ultra-stylish venue is the perfect place to enjoy a cocktail and music from some great DJs after dark.

Tegalalang Rice Terraces


Picture yourself cycling through lush green rainforest, sloping hillsides and spectacular landscape, and you may conjure up an image that is nearly as perfect as the famous rice terraces of Tegalalang. About half an hour north of Ubud, Tegalalang is home to the most famous rice paddies on the island and visitors can cycle, trek or walk along the edges of the sloping valley while taking in the breathtaking scenery that provides an idyllic photo opportunity.

Devdan Show


For a unique cultural experience that you can share with the kids, the Devdan Show is a theatrical tribute to Indonesia created by the stage and artistic directors of Cirque du Soleil. Featuring colourful kites, lively dancing and jaw-dropping acrobatics, the Devdan Show is an entertaining spectacle that shouldn’t be missed.


Related Articles


Bali is all about relaxing and rejuvenating your mind body and soul. Treat yourself to an indulgent treatment or two with our list of the
best spas in Bali.

Nothing says ‘island holiday’ quite like a sunset cocktail by the beach, and with our top recommendations for
Bali’s best beach clubs
, you’ll never be short of places to unwind with a drink or two.

Foodies could spend months exploring the many quaint cafes, beachside vendors and fine dining eateries in Bali, but we’ve made things easy for you with our list of
Bali’s top 10 restaurants.

Have you caught the South-East Asia travel bug? Why not check out our exclusive deals in Vietnam, Cambodia and Thailand.






As Seen In





Lux Group Network

—

Cudo

Deals

Luxury Escapes

The Home

Pop

The Gourmet

The Active

Brands Exclusive



company

—

About Us

Contact Us

Refund Policy

Refer a Friend, Get $25 Credit

FAQ

Privacy Policy

Terms & Conditions

Giftcards Terms & Conditions



additional information

—

how we calculate discounts

Why Work With Us?

people & careers







level 1, 50-56 york street
south melbourne, vic 3205

© copyright luxury escapes 2017




























