
Luxury Escapes FAQs






























































Hotels & Resorts


Tours & Cruises

Magazine

Gift Card



Flights

Contact Us

Login















Need Help?



Luxury Escapes creates the World’s Best Holidays. From five star hotels, tours, cruises and flights,
Luxury Escapes will deliver the best so you can holiday in style.

Please find below our Frequently Asked Questions





How do I buy a Luxury Escapes package?
+

It’s really easy to purchase with Luxury Escapes.

You just need to click on either Instant Booking or Buy Now, Book Later in each offer page either on your desktop, mobile website or on the Luxury Escapes iOS or Android app!

If you choose Instant Booking, you just need to choose what option you would like, how many packages you want to buy and then click SELECT. You then select your check-in date (remember, most check-in times are from 2.00pm) and how many adults and children will be travelling. Then just click on CONFIRM and you will be taken directly to the checkout page. Please note, if you are booking more than one package, you will be asked to select the dates of each package. The dates can all be the same, or you can book different travel dates if you prefer.

If you choose Buy Now, Book Later, you can purchase a package straight through at checkout. After you’ve purchased, you can got to My Account and select your dates at any time.

Haven’t found what you are looking for?
Submit an enquiry




I’ve booked my travel dates - am I able to change them?
+

Most of our hotel partners allow one change of date, however, that will depend on the hotel’s cancellation policy (and how far away your booking is). If your booking is within 30 days, it is unlikely you will be able to change your travel date, however, if your booking is more than 30 days away, some hotels will accommodate a change of date. Hotels may charge a small administrative fee for any chances (at their own discretion).

We’re more than happy to assist where we can, but any date requests need to be made with the hotel directly.

For tours or flights, please contract Luxury Escapes directly by filling in the submission form and we will do our best to assist if possible.

Haven’t found what you are looking for?
Submit an enquiry




I bought something from Luxury Escapes - what do I do now?
+

If you selected your travel dates via the Instant Booking purchase option, you will receive an email confirmation with your travel dates. There is nothing more for you to do (although it’s always a good idea to take a printed copy of your confirmation when you check-in).

If you selected the Buy Now, Book Later option, you can select your travel dates at any time by selecting the package bought in the My Account section of the Luxury Escapes site. Dates are subject to availability and allocations are limited so please select your dates as soon as possible after purchase.

For some packages, after a period of time (around 30 days after purchase), for Buy Now, Book Later purchases, choosing your dates will be ‘on request’, and the hotel will confirm your check-in in 2-3 days.

Haven’t found what you are looking for?
Submit an enquiry




I forgot all the inclusions in my package – is there anywhere I can see them?
+

You can see all your inclusions by going to your My Account page and clicking on the image of the package you purchased. This will then transfer you to the offer page itself.

Haven’t found what you are looking for?
Submit an enquiry




What/Where is my redemption code?
+

For any packages bought prior to December 2016, you will have a voucher and a redemption code (please note, for any package bought after December 2016, you will have an email confirmation of your date booking).

The redemption code printed at the top of your voucher - in almost all cases, you will need to give this code when redeeming the holiday you have purchased - this is so that our partners can verify that the voucher is valid and provide you with the service advertised.

In order to retrieve your voucher - after logging in, towards the top of the page you will see a menu bar which says 'My Account', if you hover over that, an option will appear which says ‘My Escapes’. After clicking this, select 'All' on the next page, and all the vouchers that you have ever purchased from us should appear. You will see a button saying 'Print' next to each voucher, along with its 'offer ID', and 'Redemption Code'.

Haven’t found what you are looking for?
Submit an enquiry




I can't use my holiday anymore - can I give it to someone else?
+

Luxury Escapes packages are usually transferable (unless the terms of a specific offer state otherwise). So long as you haven’t used part of your package, you can (generally) give it to a friend or family member.

If you would like to transfer a package, please contact Luxury Escapes support by
support@LuxuryEscapes.com
and one of our team will be able to assist you.

If a voucher has expired, it unfortunately can't be used by anyone.

Haven’t found what you are looking for?
Submit an enquiry




Can I make a booking or use a voucher after it has expired?
+

Booking and voucher redemption is at the discretion of the holiday provider. Redemption after expiry is purely at the discretion of the business and unfortunately, in most cases, redemption is not permitted after the validity period has ended. However, the best idea is to get in touch with the hotel directly and request a late redemption of your package.

Haven’t found what you are looking for?
Submit an enquiry




My Password isn't working - What can I do?
+

If your password doesn’t work, you can get a new one by clicking on the "Forgot Password' link above the password box.

You should get an automated email sent to you – if that doesn’t work, it probably means your email account may be blocking our emails! First thing to do is to check your junk mail box and there should be an email in there. If there is, please add us as a safe sender.

If you can’t find an email from us, just send us a quick email to
support@LuxuryEscapes.com
and our team will be able to help out and create a new password for you right away!

Haven’t found what you are looking for?
Submit an enquiry




How do I refer a friend to Luxury Escapes?
+

In order to refer a friend to Luxury Escapes, you just need to…

First log in to Luxury Escapes! After logging in, scroll down to the bottom of the page under "Company", there is a link which says “Invite Friends, get Rewarded”.
You will then be taken to a page that provides personal ‘referral link’. You can copy and paste this link into an email to all of your family and friends (or even use the Facebook and Twitter sharing buttons). If any of your friends sign up to Luxury Escapes, we'll give you $25 credit as soon as they make their first purchase (and they’ll get a $25 credit as well!)

Haven’t found what you are looking for?
Submit an enquiry




I would like to unsubscribe from receiving your emails
+

If you would like to unsubscribe from receiving emails from Luxury Escapes in future, please go to My Account and then click on
My Subscriptions
.

On that page you can choose exactly what emails you want (you can even choose to receive an email once a week, instead of every day) or you can unsubscribe from all our emails in just a few very quick clicks!

Haven’t found what you are looking for?
Submit an enquiry




I bought a gift voucher and I can't find it?
+

To find your gift vouchers you just need to log on to
www.LuxuryEscapes.com
, hover above the My Account heading and then click on the "My Escapes " link.

Once you’ve logged in you will notice several tabs, 'Active', 'Used', 'Gift Vouchers', 'Expired' and ‘All’ If you click on Gift Vouchers you’ll be able to see any gift vouchers you’ve bought.

Haven’t found what you are looking for?
Submit an enquiry




Who is Luxury Escapes?
+

Luxury Escapes is Australia’s most popular destination for holiday packages, tours and cruises. We work with the world’s best brands, including Marriott, Starwood, Hilton, Peppers, Sea World, Hyatt, Raffles and many more to bring you the very best packages to your dream destinations. Luxury Escapes is a full service travel agent and a member of IATA and AETAS and is able to provide flight bookings through our dedicated, Australia-based team.

Luxury Escapes is owned by the Lux Group – one of Australia’s largest eCommerce businesses which includes brands such as TheHome, Living Social, Cudo, Brands Exclusive, DEALS.com.au, The Active and many more. Lux Group has more than 350 team members across four continents with major offices in Melbourne, Sydney and Auckland.

Haven’t found what you are looking for?
Submit an enquiry







Can’t find the answer you’re looking for?

The quickest way to get an answer is to submit an enquiry below



Submit your request





What can we do to help today?


Please select your issue...

I have a question about a purchase I want to make

I have a question about something I’ve purchased from Luxury Escapes

I’ve got a question about something else








*
Email Address
(the one you signed up with if you're a member)







*
Name






*
Phone Number


+61    Australia

+1     Canada

+49    Germany

+33    France

+852   Hong Kong

+353   Ireland

+972   Israel

+39    Italy

+82    Korea

+60    Malaysia

+64    New Zealand

+65    Singapore

+44    United Kingdom

+1     United States

+91    India

+34    Spain

+27    South Africa

+63    Philippines








Please
sign in
if you want
                            to report an existing order from your account



Please select the relevant order:





*
Message
(must be a minimum of 30 characters)




*




must be a minimum of 30 characters



Please attach any supporting images (Optional)









Please Sign In below to report on an existing order from your account




Email





Password
Forgot password?








or















During business hours you can call our friendly customer support team on 1300 88 99 00, +61 2 8320 6845.
Operating hours 7:00-19:00 AEST











Lux Group sites have been featured on:









Lux Group Network

Cudo

Deals

Luxury Escapes

The Home

Pop

The Gourmet

The Active

Brands Exclusive

Bookwell



COMPANY

About Us

Contact Us

Refund Policy

Refer a Friend, Get $25 Credit

Privacy Policy

Terms & Conditions

Giftcards Terms & Conditions



ADDITIONAL INFO

How We Calculate Percentage Off

Why Work With Us?

People and Careers





level 1, 50-56 york street
south melbourne, vic 3205

+61 2 8320 6845

Operating hours 7:00-19:00 AEST





Europe
Montenegro
Italy
Spain
East Asia
China
Eastern Europe
Estonia
Middle East
Iran
North America
Mexico
United States
South America
Colombia
South Pacific
Samoa
South Asia
India
Maldives
Nepal
Sri Lanka
South East Asia
Indonesia
Thailand
Vietnam
Singapore
Africa
Madagascar
Australasia
Australia



© Copyright LuxuryEscapes 2015















































