
Indian Railways - MakeMyTrip

































Login
My Account












INR








Refer & Earn

Earn Upto
Rs
7000








Gift Cards

Gift an experience








24x7

Support






Top Currencies

INR (
Rs.
) : Indian Rupee

USD ($): United States Dollar

EUR (€): European Union

GBP (£): Pound Sterling

SGD ($): Singapore Dollar

AED (AED): United Arab Emirates Dirham

CAD ($): Canadian Dollar



All Currencies

AED (AED):United Arab Emirates Dirham

AUD ($):Australian dollar

CAD ($):Canadian Dollar

CHF (SFr):Swiss Franc

CNY (元):China Yuan Renminbi

EUR (€):European Union

GBP (£):Pound Sterling

HKD ($):Hong Kong Dollar

IDR (Rp):Indonesian Rupiahs

INR (
Rs.
) :Indian Rupee

JPY (¥):Japanese yen

KRW (₩):South Korean Won

LKR (LKR):Sri Lankan Rupee

MOP (MOP):Macau Pataca

MUR (MUR):Mauritius Rupee

MVR (MVR):Maldives Rufiyaa

MYR (M$):Malaysian Ringgit

NPR (NPR):Nepalese Rupee

PHP (PHP):Philippine Pesos

SGD ($):Singapore Dollar

THB (THB):Thai Baht

USD ($):United States Dollar



Select a different country:



United Arab Emirates




United States










Flight




Hotel




Homestays

new



Holiday




Flight + Hotel




Bus





Cabs

new





Trains




Deals




Stories






×

Coming soon!

Currently, we do not have this feature in MyBusiness. If you want to use this feature, you will have to logout and sign in again using your personal account.


OK


































MakeMyTrip
»
Railways
» Indian Railways











Indian Railways
















Indian Railways - System and Network A network covering 63, 140 route kms (as on March 31, 2002), the Indian Railways traverse the length and breadth of the country. Even though the railways have been divided into zones for better management and functionality, theRailwayreservations or the process for booking train tickets is centrally computerised. Operating 14,444 trains daily, the IRCTC or Indian
Railway
Catering and Tourism Corporation Limited, ensures that train schedule and train timings remain prompt. In effect, Indian Railways is the largest railway system in the world to be functioning under a single management.
The most cost efficient mode of transport, Indian Railways enjoy preference over other public transport systems. Used extensively for passenger and freight transfer, Indian Railways proves itself the forerunner in the transport sector as the most affordable, convenient and well connected network. With thousands of railway stations across the country, superior safety standards, lower environmental hazard and relatively low train fare, Indian Railways is the first choice for transfer goods and commodities. While the Indian Railway booking system has always been well organised, one immensely crucial step has been the launch of the IRCTC website, making all processes related to Indian Railways a breeze. Besides allowing online booking of rail ticket (s), it offers everything from railway map to railway ticket fare to timetable of train (s).
A complete railway enquiry system is in place, with a click of the mouse allowing one to access / check the Indian Railways timetable, railway ticket availability and booking for any sector besides complete online train ticket reservations. Visitors to the website can use it not only for railway ticket reservation / booking but also to find out ticket availability and ticket confirmation orPNR statusfor any ticket on any train within the Indian Railways network. With various seating arrangements like AC 1 tier, AC 2 tier, AC 3 tier, AC Chair Car, Sleeper and General in most long distance trains and another range of seat availability in the metro trains within urban areas, the Indian Railways offers a plethora of choices. Travellers can take their pick and enjoy the convenience and affordability of this mode of transport.
The list of major Indian Railway Zones is as follows: Central Indian Railways: This is the oldest of Indian railway zones and one of the largest of the 16 zones formed by Indian railways. Eastern Indian Railways: The Eastern Railway (ER) zone is one of the important Indian Railway zones. With its headquarters in Kolkata, the Eastern Zone is divided further into four divisions namely Mald, Howrah, Asansol and Sealdah for better working. Northern Indian Railways: It is one of the nine older zones of Indian Railways. New Delhi, the national capital of India serves as headquarters of this Indian Railway Zone. Southern Indian Railways: This is the first zone formed after India got liberated from British Rule. Southern Indian Railway Zone was established on April 14, 1951 by combination of always of three states. Western Indian Railways: This Indian railways zone is amongst the most hustling and lively rail networks of the country. The headquarters of Western Indian Railway is situated in Mumbai city. Below are the popular and demanded trains from Indian Railways: Rajdhani and Duronto Trains: Duronto Express is a non-stop point to point rail service. Such kind of train service has been introduced for the second time in Indian Railways history. Shatabdi Trains: Shatabdi Express a series of high speed trains connects various important cities of the country. There are several tourist places as well as business centres which passengers can reach easily via Shatabdi Express trains. Janshatabdi Trains : Janshatabdi Express Trains by Indian Railways are a series of high speed trains. The fast moving trains connects various important cities of the country. Garibrath and Yuva Trains : Garib Rath Express Train was started to offer completely AC (air conditioned) rail travel to all those travellers who can't afford costly fares of fully AC classy and posh trains like Shatabadi and Rajdhani Express.














Other Trains








Gwl Ltt Special - 01102


Af Hw Spl - 01151


Hw Af Spl - 01152


Ltt  Gwl Specia - 01187


Gwl Ltt Spl - 01188


Ami Pvr Special - 01201


Pvr Badnera Spl - 01202


Cstm Swv Specia - 01203


Cstm Nagpur Spl - 01211


Ltt Ypr Special - 01215















Other Stations








Adas Road (ADD)



Adari Road (ADE)



Adina (ADF)



Ahemadabad (ADGF)



Andheri (ADH)



Adihalli (ADHL)



Ahmedabad Jn (ADI)



Ahmadabad City (ADIC)



Andul (ADL)



Adimali Oa (ADOA)
















Other Routes








A N Dev Nagar to Fatwa


A N Dev Nagar to Firozabad


A N Dev Nagar to Firozpur


A N Dev Nagar to Gahmar


A N Dev Nagar to Gaya


A N Dev Nagar to Ghaziabad


A N Dev Nagar to Gomoh


A N Dev Nagar to Goshainganj


A N Dev Nagar to Govindgarh


A N Dev Nagar to Gujhandi


























Book Train Tickets Online















One Way





Return Trip






From






To








Departure Date







Return Date










Select Class

Sleeper Class

Third AC

Second AC

First AC

Second Seating

AC Chair Car

First Class

Third AC Economy








My dates are flexible




My classes are flexible






Email(Mandatory)





Search Rails



























More







Product Offering
Top Hotel Cities
Top Airlines
Indian Railway
More Links
Follow Us







Flights



Flight+Hotel Deals



International Flights



Hotels



International Hotels



Holidays in India



International Holidays



Bus



Rail



About Us



FAQs



Site Map



Coupons


Blog




Jaipur

Ooty

Delhi

Mumbai

Chennai

Kolkata

Goa

Bangalore

Shimla

Munnar

Agra

Mahabaleshwar




Air India


Jet Airways


TruJet


Jet Konnect


Air India Express


Air Asia


SpiceJet Airlines


JetLite Airlines


Deccan Shuttles


Air Costa


Indigo Airlines


Vistara Airlines


Go Air




IRCTC



PNR Status



Southern Railway



Western Railway



IRCTC Seat Availability



Railway Time Table



Indian Railway Stations



Taktal Reservation



Garib Rath



Shatabdi Express



Duronto Express



Gomti Express



Shalimar Express





Bangalore to Mysore Train



Mumbai to Goa Train



Pune to Mumbai Trains



Delhi to Jaipur Train



Bangalore to Mysore Train



Delhi to Agra Train



Bangalore to Goa Train



Bangalore to Chennai Train



Delhi to Goa Train



New Delhi Railway Station



Bangalore Railway Station



Pune Railway Station



Mumbai Railway Station































Verisign Secure





We Accept
(more)










Members of






Ministry of Tourism
Govt. of India


















&amp;amp;amp;nbsp;






























