
Venice Guide at tobook.com

















Sign in

Sign up





E-mail address






Password












Forgot your password?








E-mail address






Password






Re-type password

















My bookings
|
Feedback


|





English

Français

Deutsch

Italiano

Español

Português

Türkçe

Magyar

Nederlands


|
(EUR)




Euro (EUR)

British pound (GBP)

US Dollar (USD)



Argentina Pesos (ARS)

Australia Dollars (AUD)

Brazil Reais (BRL)

British pound (GBP)

Bulgarian Lev (BGN)

Cambodian Riel (KHR)

Canada Dollars (CAD)

Chilean peso (CLP)

Chinese yuan (CNY)

Croatia Kuna (HRK)

Czech Koruny (CZK)

Danish Kroner (DKK)

Euro (EUR)

Hungarian Forint (HUF)

India Rupees (INR)

Indonesian rupiah (IDR)

Israeli new shekels (ILS)

Japan Yen (JPY)

Kuwaiti dinar (KWD)

Latvian lats (LVL)

Lithuanian litas (LTL)

Malaysian ringgit (MYR)

Mexican Peso (MXN)

Moroccan Dirham (MAD)

Norwegian Krone (NOK)

Polish Zloty (PLN)

Romanian Leu (RON)

Russian Rubble (RUB)

Serbian dinar (RSD)

Singapore dollar (SGD)

South African Rand (ZAR)

South Korean Won (KRW)

Sweden Kronor (SEK)

Swiss Francs (CHF)

Thai Baht (THB)

Turkey New Lira (TRY)

U.A. Emirates Dirham  (AED)

US Dollar (USD)
















City Guide Venice







World
>
Europe
>
Italy
>
Venice





























Pick a hotel in
Venice



Arrival





















December 2017

January 2018

February 2018

March 2018

April 2018

May 2018

June 2018

July 2018

August 2018

September 2018

October 2018

November 2018

December 2018

January 2019

February 2019

March 2019

April 2019






















Mon

Tue

Wed

Thu

Fri

Sat

Sun





















































































































Calendar










Departure










































Show events on
map










Other cityguides







For submitting a new event or a guide item, please
email
us.














General Information

























Venice (in Italian: Venezia) is located in the northern part of Italy and has a population of 271,250 people. The city stretches across one hundred and seventeen small islands and holds one hundred and fifty canals.
Unlike some of the other most frequently visited cities in Europe, Venice is best explored on foot and getting lost around its many canals and bridges for a day is the best way to absorb its unique character.
Venice is one of the busiest tourist attractions in Europe all year round. The stunning combination of land, water, long history, inspiring architecture and art make it one of the special cities in the world.














Weather











Venice becomes extremely hot in July and August. Outside the summer months the weather is not too excessive. The most pleasant time of year to visit is late March into May, with clear spring days. Venice suffers from frequent thunderstorms and rain showers and flooding may occur in November and December.














Language











The official language in Venice is Italian, but English is well understood at the touristy sights.













^ Back to top


Religion











Most of the people in Italy are Roman Catholic. In Venice there are some Jewish, Muslim and Protestant minorities as well.













^ Back to top


Currency











The Euro is the official currency of Italy. 1 Euro  = 100 cents. Notes are in denominations of EUR: 500, 200, 100, 50, 20, 10 and 5. Coins are in denominations of 2, 1EUR and 50, 20, 10, 5, 2 and 1 cents.













^ Back to top


Tipping











Service charges are usually included on all bar or restaurant bills at a cost of 10 to 15 percent. It is expected to tip a small amount of money, usually to round up to the next euro. It is not common to tip taxi drivers in Italy, but in Vanice boat drivers have to carry heavy bags, so it is common to tip 5-10EUR per couple.
































^ Back to top


Taxes











The VAT can be reclaimed by visitors from outside the EU as long as the purchase exceeds  154,94 EUR (VAT included) and was purchased at one store on the same day. In order to do that, you have to ask in the store for an invoice containing the description of goods, the personal data of the non European resident as well as the particulars of his passport or of any such equivalent document. At the airport your purchased items need to be taken to the customs clearance. In order to get the VAT refund, the Invoice should be sent back to the seller within four months. Refund will be sent in the method of your choice. Should the seller not receive the invoice in time, he shall be hold responsible by the state for the payment of VAT initially deducted from the purchase, therefore, please do not forget this last act. The invoice doesn't need postage; all you need to do is drop it in a mailbox at the airport.
Customs Information Line:       +39 06 50246061













^ Back to top


Telephone











To call Venice from abroad, first dial +39 for Italy and then 041 for Venice.
There can be high charges on calls made from hotels and it is generally cheaper to use a calling card. Public telephone boxes take phone cards (carta telefonica) for local and international calls, which can be bought from tobacconit's, post office, newsstands and some bars. Telephones that take coins have become very rare in Italy and Venice.













^ Back to top


Internet











There is a number of Internet cafes around Venice, mainly at the area of the train station. Some good Internet cafes are Csanova Disco internet Point on Lista di Spanga, Net House Internet cafe on San Marco 2958 and Logic Internet Point on Dorsoduro 2799.













^ Back to top


Emergency numbers











Emergency police help: 113
Fire department: 115
Medical emergencies: 118













^ Back to top


Opening times











Banks are usually open Monday through Friday from 8.30 am to 1.30 pm. In the afternoon, the opening hours change from bank to bank but they are usually open from 2.30 pm/3 pm to 4 pm/4.30 pm. Some banks are open non-stop from 8.30 am to 4 pm and/or on Saturday mornings.
Post offices are open Monday through Friday from 8.30 am to 1.30 pm, and on Saturday mornings from 8.30 am to 11.45 am.
Many major museums are closed on Mondays, and on the days they are open, some close their doors by early afternoon. Most churches close at midday for a long lunch break and reopen at 3 or 4 p.m.













^ Back to top


Public holidays











* January 1 New Year's Day
* January 6 Epiphany
* April Easter
* April 25 Liberatin Day
* May 1 Labor Day
* June Anniversary of the Republic
* June 29 Feast Day of St. Peter
* August 15 Assumption
* November 1 All Saints Day
* December 8 Immaculate Conception
* December 25 Christmas
* December 26 St. Stephen's Day













^ Back to top


Safety











Venice is one of the safest cities in Italy, however it is suggested to take care of personal belongings in crowded areas and on the public waterbuses as to pick pockets activity.













^ Back to top












Dear tobook.com visitor, you also can contribute to our city guides with
            events and articles. Do you want to inform our readers with an upcoming
            event or do you want to publish your article, please
email
us at guide. We would welcome personal stories about your experiences
            in Europe as a great addition to our city guides.































E-mail this to a friend









Printable version























Home

Help

About us

Products & Services


Contact us

Privacy policy

Affiliate

Newsletter

Jobs

Sitemap

Hotel Login

Mobile

Recently added

Register your property
© 2013

This website uses cookies.



















