
Paris Guide at tobook.com

















Sign in

Sign up





E-mail address






Password












Forgot your password?








E-mail address






Password






Re-type password

















My bookings
|
Feedback


|





English

Français

Deutsch

Italiano

Español

Português

Türkçe

Magyar

Nederlands


|
(EUR)




Euro (EUR)

British pound (GBP)

US Dollar (USD)



Argentina Pesos (ARS)

Australia Dollars (AUD)

Brazil Reais (BRL)

British pound (GBP)

Bulgarian Lev (BGN)

Cambodian Riel (KHR)

Canada Dollars (CAD)

Chilean peso (CLP)

Chinese yuan (CNY)

Croatia Kuna (HRK)

Czech Koruny (CZK)

Danish Kroner (DKK)

Euro (EUR)

Hungarian Forint (HUF)

India Rupees (INR)

Indonesian rupiah (IDR)

Israeli new shekels (ILS)

Japan Yen (JPY)

Kuwaiti dinar (KWD)

Latvian lats (LVL)

Lithuanian litas (LTL)

Malaysian ringgit (MYR)

Mexican Peso (MXN)

Moroccan Dirham (MAD)

Norwegian Krone (NOK)

Polish Zloty (PLN)

Romanian Leu (RON)

Russian Rubble (RUB)

Serbian dinar (RSD)

Singapore dollar (SGD)

South African Rand (ZAR)

South Korean Won (KRW)

Sweden Kronor (SEK)

Swiss Francs (CHF)

Thai Baht (THB)

Turkey New Lira (TRY)

U.A. Emirates Dirham  (AED)

US Dollar (USD)
















City Guide Paris







World
>
Europe
>
France
>
Paris





























Pick a hotel in
Paris



Arrival





















December 2017

January 2018

February 2018

March 2018

April 2018

May 2018

June 2018

July 2018

August 2018

September 2018

October 2018

November 2018

December 2018

January 2019

February 2019

March 2019

April 2019






















Mon

Tue

Wed

Thu

Fri

Sat

Sun





















































































































Calendar










Departure










































Show events on
map










Other cityguides







For submitting a new event or a guide item, please
email
us.





















General Information

























Paris is the capital of France, located on the river Seine in the north of the country. The city and its surrounding suburbs are one of the most populated metropolitan areas in Europe, and Paris is one of the most visited cities in the world. It has over 30 million visitors come each year. Paris has been known as the “city of light” (la ville lumière) since the 19th century, and it has a reputation for being one of the most romantic cities in the world. It is both an ancient city with a tangible history as well as a vibrantly modern one, and is fascinating on many levels. Paris is the centre of French cultural and economic life, and has worldwide influence in the arts, fashion and cuisine. It is known for unsurpassed museums and art galleries, beautiful architecture and an active nightlife.














Weather











Paris usually enjoys a fairly warm spring from April-June, and July is also very pleasant. August tends to be rather hot and sticky, and is when most of the native Parisians escape on holiday. Summer temperatures typically range from 16-28º C (60-83º F). Winters are mild, with average temperatures between 3-10º C (37-50º F). Snow is not uncommon in the winter, but the temperature is rarely below freezing and it usually does not stick. Rainfall is consistent throughout the year, though a bit more rain falls in the spring.














Currency











The currency used in France is the Euro. Notes come in denominations of €100, €50, €20, €10 and €5 and the coins in use are €2, €1, € 0.50, € 0.20, € 0.10, € 0.05, € 0.02 and € 0.01.














^ Back to top


Language











Parisians speak French in a distinctive manner, very fast and with an accent particular to the city and its environs. Many people in the city speak English, though are not always enthusiastic about doing so.













^ Back to top


Religion











Catholics make up the largest percentage of France’s religious population, though in Paris there is a greater variety of faiths represented than elsewhere in the country. About 75% of the religious people are Roman Catholic, though Paris is an increasingly secular city and many people do not belong to any religion. There is a significant Muslim population in Paris, and the city is home to the greatest concentration of Jews in France. There is also a fair number of Protestants.













^ Back to top


Tipping











Service charges are included on all restaurant bills at a cost of 10-15%, and these percentages are included in the menu prices. However, it is standard to add a little more if the meal and service have been exceptional. Extra tips typically range from less than a euro for a coffee or snack to 1-5 euros for a meal. Tipping for taxis is not compulsory but it is nice to tip drivers about 5-10% of the fare. It is also common practice to give a small tip to Parisian porters, doormen, room service staff and ushers in cinemas and theatres. These tips range from 50 cents to a euro or two.
































^ Back to top


Taxes











Sales tax in Paris is quite high at 18.6%, and is included in the shop prices. This tax can be refunded to tourists from outside of the EU whenever €175 or more is spent in the same shop. Most retailers will present you with a form to fill out in these cases, to give to customs officials at the airport.                                                                                                                                In other situations, however, tourists have to pay special taxes. As of 2004, Paris has had a “tourist tax,” which is added onto bills at hotels and other accomodations at rates ranging from €0.20 - €1.50 per day. The money goes to promoting tourism in the city and maintaining tourist attractions.













^ Back to top


Telephone











Public telephone boxes are widely available in France, but it is a good idea to buy a France Telecom telécarte at Métro or RER stations, post offices or newsagents rather than relying on cash. These phone cards are available in 50-unit and 120-unit versions. Many phone boxes don't take coins, but some now accept credit cards. It is possible to rent a mobile phone during a stay in Paris from a variety of companies, a few of which have offices in the airport.














^ Back to top


Internet











There are many internet cafés throughout Paris, many of which serve refreshments. Rates are not cheap, and €2 per half hour is typical. Most internet shops are open late, closing around 11 pm or midnight.













^ Back to top


Opening times











Typical opening times for shops and other businesses are Mon-Sat from 9 am – 7 pm. Some shops, usually the smaller ones, close for an hour or two during lunchtime. It is also not uncommon for some shops to be closed on Monday as well as Sunday. Department stores and other large stores have one night a week when they are open late, usually until 9 pm. During busy shopping seasons, such as the month before Christmas, many shops open up on Sundays. Museums are usually open six days a week from 9 or 10 am until 5 or 6 pm. They are open on Sundays, but usually close on either Monday or Tuesday. Office hours are typically 9 am – 6 pm. Banks can be found on almost every corner in Paris and normal business hours are 9 am to 4 pm Monday to Friday.













^ Back to top


Public Holidays











On the following days, most shops, banks and musuems will be closed, and public transport is likely to be more limited.

1st January, New Year’s Day
Easter Sunday and Monday
30th April, Great Prayer Day
8th May, VE Day
14th July, Bastille Day
15th August, Feast of the Assumption
1st November, All Saints’ Day
11th November, Armistice Day
25th December, Christmas













^ Back to top


Emergency numbers











For police call 17 and for an ambulance call 15.
For SOS Medecins (doctors) call 01 470 77777.
The American Hospital in Paris is at 63 Boulevard Victor Hugo, Neuilly, Tel. 01 46412525.
The Hertford British Hospital/Hopital Franco-Brittanique is at 3 Rue Barbes, Tel. 01 46392222
www.english-doctor-paris.com or www.british-hospital.org













^ Back to top


Safety











Paris is basically a safe city, though taking some precautions are sensible. Some areas are safer than others, especially late at night. The centre and popular tourist areas tend to be very safe, while other neighbourhoods such as Les Halles and La goutte d’Or are better to avoid when it’s late. These areas are known for being gang and drug hangouts, though better police control is beginning to cut down on this. Pickpockets are not uncommon in Paris, especially in crowded areas and on the metro, so it is important to keep an eye on your belongings. Don’t keep a wallet in a back pocket or another place where it is visible. It’s also a good idea not to carry more money around than necessary, and not to count your money in public after using an ATM machine.













^ Back to top












Dear tobook.com visitor, you also can contribute to our city guides with
            events and articles. Do you want to inform our readers with an upcoming
            event or do you want to publish your article, please
email
us at guide. We would welcome personal stories about your experiences
            in Europe as a great addition to our city guides.































E-mail this to a friend









Printable version























Home

Help

About us

Products & Services


Contact us

Privacy policy

Affiliate

Newsletter

Jobs

Sitemap

Hotel Login

Mobile

Recently added

Register your property
© 2013

This website uses cookies.



















