
Milan Guide at tobook.com

















Sign in

Sign up





E-mail address






Password












Forgot your password?








E-mail address






Password






Re-type password

















My bookings
|
Feedback


|





English

Français

Deutsch

Italiano

Español

Português

Türkçe

Magyar

Nederlands


|
(EUR)




Euro (EUR)

British pound (GBP)

US Dollar (USD)



Argentina Pesos (ARS)

Australia Dollars (AUD)

Brazil Reais (BRL)

British pound (GBP)

Bulgarian Lev (BGN)

Cambodian Riel (KHR)

Canada Dollars (CAD)

Chilean peso (CLP)

Chinese yuan (CNY)

Croatia Kuna (HRK)

Czech Koruny (CZK)

Danish Kroner (DKK)

Euro (EUR)

Hungarian Forint (HUF)

India Rupees (INR)

Indonesian rupiah (IDR)

Israeli new shekels (ILS)

Japan Yen (JPY)

Kuwaiti dinar (KWD)

Latvian lats (LVL)

Lithuanian litas (LTL)

Malaysian ringgit (MYR)

Mexican Peso (MXN)

Moroccan Dirham (MAD)

Norwegian Krone (NOK)

Polish Zloty (PLN)

Romanian Leu (RON)

Russian Rubble (RUB)

Serbian dinar (RSD)

Singapore dollar (SGD)

South African Rand (ZAR)

South Korean Won (KRW)

Sweden Kronor (SEK)

Swiss Francs (CHF)

Thai Baht (THB)

Turkey New Lira (TRY)

U.A. Emirates Dirham  (AED)

US Dollar (USD)
















City Guide Milan







World
>
Europe
>
Italy
>
Milan





























Pick a hotel in
Milan



Arrival





















December 2017

January 2018

February 2018

March 2018

April 2018

May 2018

June 2018

July 2018

August 2018

September 2018

October 2018

November 2018

December 2018

January 2019

February 2019

March 2019

April 2019






















Mon

Tue

Wed

Thu

Fri

Sat

Sun





















































































































Calendar










Departure










































Show events on
map










Other cityguides







For submitting a new event or a guide item, please
email
us.














General Information


























Milan is the capital of Lombardy in the north of Italy. It is not only the financial centre but also the seat of numerous fashion labels and the leading centre of fashion and design which can be named in the same breath as Paris and New York. With around 9 Mio. people per year, Milan is, after Rome the most visited city in Italy. Most of the guests come for business reason but Milan has much more to offer. Extremes characterise the city, what can be discovered in the magnificent buildings of Roman churches which are determined by an architecture of purpose in a hectic but creative trading city. The Scala, the Piccolo Teatro and the galleries Brera and Ambrosiana are the figureheads for Milan if it comes to fine arts. But also phenomenons of mass culture have their home over here for example advertising and football. Milan’s seven universities including numerous faculties made the city to a capital of technology and research. Besides, Milan is packed with music cafes and clubs where the air burns all throughout the year. But although a lot of fun and excitement surrounds the city, it is an expensive place to be. Furthermore it is not an easy place to be. It is loud until late in the night, fast, efficient and challenging. Still today Milan is the industrial centre of Italy, although these times are already long past. But the dynamic still exists. Many companies and service providers have their seat in Milan and shape its character as a leading economical and financial centre. About 1.3 Mio. people live in Milan and the surrounding area and approximately 800.000 people commute every day.














Weather











The climate in Milan is quite humid. Fog and smog are a daily issue in the city. The summer can be very hot and winters relatively cold. There is also a chance of heavy snow fall. Besides Milan is characterised by a high air pollution.














Language











The language spoken in Milan is Italian. As in most regions in Italy Milan has its own dialect, Milanese, which is classified as a Septentrional dialect. It can be seen as a variety of Western Lombard which is also spoken in the province around Milan.













^ Back to top


Religion











About 90% of the people are Roman Catholic but there are also Protestant, Jewish and Muslim minorities.













^ Back to top


Currency











The currency used in Italy is the Euro. Notes come in denominations of €100, €50, €20, €10 and €5 and the coins in use are €2, €1, € 0.50, € 0.20, € 0.10, € 0.05, € 0.02 and € € 0.01.  Most of the established credit cards can be used to cash money at ATMs or to pay in hotels, shops and restaurants.













^ Back to top


Tipping











It is common practice to tip both waiters in restaurants and taxi drivers between 5-10% of the bill. In restaurants a service charge of around 15% is usually already added to the bill, but this additional tip is still expected. Tipping is widely practised in Italy for other services as well, so small tips to hotel staff, ushers, restroom attendants, etc. are sure to be appreciated. For hotel service, a tip of € .50 – 1.50 per day is typical, though more in very expensive hotels.
































^ Back to top


Taxes











Tax is included in the price of all goods in Italy. For items purchased over € 155, tourists from outside of the EU can get the tax reimbursed. This can be done by filling in a form in the shop and then presenting it to the customs officials at major airports or border crossings.













^ Back to top


Telephone











For Italy the country code is +39. The area code 02 for Milan belongs to the phone number and has to be dialled as well. There are public phones which can be used with a telephone card for local and international calls. Telephone cards can be purchased in tobacchi (tobacco stores), post offices, kiosks and some bars. Telephones that can be used are very rare in Italy; they are sometimes in bars, hotels, metro stations or Termini station.













^ Back to top


Internet











Milan is equipped with many internet cafes like most of the cities nowadays. You can connect your laptop or if you don’t have one easily use an internet café. Most of the cafes differ in prices and quality so it might be good to check beforehand. Some internet cafes are:
AWBA communications: via valpetrosa, 5; Metaverse: Via Plinio, 48; Hard Disk Cafe: Corso Sempione, 44; punto futuro italia: via santa valeria 4.













^ Back to top


Emergency numbers











Police: 113
Carabinieri: 112
Ambulance: 118
Fire Brigade: 115














^ Back to top


Opening times











Banks are usually open on weekdays between 8.30 am and 1.30 pm and in the afternoon between 2.30 and 4.30 pm. Shops can have individual opening times but in general they are open from Tuesdays to Saturdays 9/ 10 to 12.30 am and from 3 to 7.30 pm. Department stores and shops in the centre might be open continuously and even on Sundays. Some other small shops are only open in the afternoon. Museums are normally open from Tuesdays to Saturdays from 9.30 am to 5.30 pm; smaller venues are closed in the afternoon. Restaurants serve lunch between 12.30 am and 2.30 pm and dinner from 7.30 pm t0 10 pm. Some of the restaurants are closed on Sunday.













^ Back to top


Public Holidays











The following holidays in Italy are days when most businesses are closed and transportation may be more limited.

1st January, New Years Day
6th January, Epiphany
Good Friday/Easter Sunday and Monday, late March or early April
25th April, Liberation Day
1st May, Labour Day
15th August, Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary
1st November, All Souls Day
8th December, Immaculate Conception of the Blessed Virgin Mary
25th December, Christmas













^ Back to top


Safety











The safety rate in Milan doesn’t differ from the one in any other big European city. Of course usual precautions apply. Watch out for pickpockets on busses, trains, shopping centres or the touristy areas.













^ Back to top












Dear tobook.com visitor, you also can contribute to our city guides with
            events and articles. Do you want to inform our readers with an upcoming
            event or do you want to publish your article, please
email
us at guide. We would welcome personal stories about your experiences
            in Europe as a great addition to our city guides.































E-mail this to a friend









Printable version























Home

Help

About us

Products & Services


Contact us

Privacy policy

Affiliate

Newsletter

Jobs

Sitemap

Hotel Login

Mobile

Recently added

Register your property
© 2013

This website uses cookies.



















