
Krakow Guide at tobook.com

















Sign in

Sign up





E-mail address






Password












Forgot your password?








E-mail address






Password






Re-type password

















My bookings
|
Feedback


|





English

Français

Deutsch

Italiano

Español

Português

Türkçe

Magyar

Nederlands


|
(EUR)




Euro (EUR)

British pound (GBP)

US Dollar (USD)



Argentina Pesos (ARS)

Australia Dollars (AUD)

Brazil Reais (BRL)

British pound (GBP)

Bulgarian Lev (BGN)

Cambodian Riel (KHR)

Canada Dollars (CAD)

Chilean peso (CLP)

Chinese yuan (CNY)

Croatia Kuna (HRK)

Czech Koruny (CZK)

Danish Kroner (DKK)

Euro (EUR)

Hungarian Forint (HUF)

India Rupees (INR)

Indonesian rupiah (IDR)

Israeli new shekels (ILS)

Japan Yen (JPY)

Kuwaiti dinar (KWD)

Latvian lats (LVL)

Lithuanian litas (LTL)

Malaysian ringgit (MYR)

Mexican Peso (MXN)

Moroccan Dirham (MAD)

Norwegian Krone (NOK)

Polish Zloty (PLN)

Romanian Leu (RON)

Russian Rubble (RUB)

Serbian dinar (RSD)

Singapore dollar (SGD)

South African Rand (ZAR)

South Korean Won (KRW)

Sweden Kronor (SEK)

Swiss Francs (CHF)

Thai Baht (THB)

Turkey New Lira (TRY)

U.A. Emirates Dirham  (AED)

US Dollar (USD)
















City Guide Krakow







World
>
Europe
>
Poland
>
Krakow





























Pick a hotel in
Krakow



Arrival





















December 2017

January 2018

February 2018

March 2018

April 2018

May 2018

June 2018

July 2018

August 2018

September 2018

October 2018

November 2018

December 2018

January 2019

February 2019

March 2019

April 2019






















Mon

Tue

Wed

Thu

Fri

Sat

Sun





















































































































Calendar










Departure










































Show events on
map










Other cityguides







For submitting a new event or a guide item, please
email
us.














General Information

























Krakow is one of the main cities of Poland, with a population of almost one million. Located in the south of Poland on the Vistula river, it is a bustling metropolis surrounded by natural beauty, nestled in a valley at the foot of the Carpathian Mountains.
Krakow is a very old city, founded in 1000, and its rich history and cultural traditions give it a unique character. It is considered by many to be the cultural capital of Poland, and the city’s medieval heritage is still apparent in many ways, especially in the old centre where buildings are wonderfully well preserved. Krakow was the official capital of Poland from the 11th to the 17th century, and the city has long been a centre for learning, science, and art, and a place where cultures come together. Modern Krakow offers a stimulating array of musuems, cultural venues, churches, parks and universities, ensuring that there is something here for everyone.














Weather











Warsaw has a temperate and humid climate, with cold winters and fairly hot summers. The coldest weather generally comes in February, and temperatures in the winter can be as low as -20° C, though they average closer to -2° C. The wettest months are usually June and July, and the warmest weather comes in July and August. It is not uncommon to have 30° C temperatures in these months. Spring and fall are usually beautiful seasons, the former crisp and sunny and full of blooms and the latter alternately sunny and misty, and cool but not cold.














Weather











Krakow’s weather goes through the full range of the European temperate climate, with hot summers, beautiful sunny springs, crisp, cool and often rainy autumns, and cold, snowy winters. August is generally considered to have the best weather, usually not as hot as July, but sunny and pleasant. And springs here tend to be gorgeous, with flowers and blossoming trees everywhere in April and May. In fall and winter the city is often covered in mist, and there is usually snow on the ground from mid-December, sometimes lasting until March. The most rainfall occurs in early fall.













^ Back to top


Language











The language spoken in Krakow is Polish. Many people, even in the big cities, are only fluent in Polish, though they may have studied some English, French or German. Most of the younger generation does speak good English, however.













^ Back to top


Religion











The religious population of Poland is overwhelmingly Roman Catholic, with between 90-96% of Poles baptised Catholic. Of these, about 80% practice the religion, but only 55% of adults declare themselves fully identified with the Catholic faith. The main religious minorities in Poland are Eastern Orthodox, Protestant, Jewish, and Jehovah’s Witness. At least 6% of Poles do not believe in any religion.













^ Back to top


Currency











The currency used in Poland is the zloty. One zloty is divided into 100 groszy. Coins come in denominations of 1, 2, 5, 10, 20, and 50 grosz and 1, 2 and 5 zlotys. Notes come in denominations of 10, 20, 50, 100, and 200 zlotys. 1 euro is equivalent to approximately 3.4 zlotys.













^ Back to top


Tipping











There aren’t so many hard and fast rules about tipping in Krakow. In general, people here expect fewer tips than most other European countries, but it is the norm to give them in several circumstances when you are satisfied with the service. Service charges are not included in any restaurant bills in Krakow, so it is good to leave some change or round up the bill. Tips are also much appreciated by hairdressers and hotel staffs, but are not considered strictly necessary. Even taxis do not necessarily expect tips, unless they go out of their way to help you in some way. Basically, you can get by with minimal tipping in Krakow, but it is always nice to reward people for good service.
































^ Back to top


Taxes











The value added tax, or VAT, in Poland ranges from 3-22% depending on what you are buying, and is included in the prices of almost all goods and services. It is 3% for unprocessed foods, 7% for other foods and necessary items (health and child care goods, transportation, etc), and 22% for everything else. Tourists from outside of the EU can get the money they spend on tax reimbursed upon leaving the country. There are some conditions, such as you have to take the goods out of the country within three months. Ask if you can get a tax free shopping form whenever you spend a significant amount in one shop. Then present these forms to a customs official in the airport when you are leaving, and you will receive your refund there.













^ Back to top


Telephone











Public telephones in Krakow are called TP phones, and they accept prepaid cards which you can buy at “telepoints,” news kiosks and post offices. There are three kinds of phones, and two kinds of cards, which don’t work on all phones. The blue telephones only accept the cards with a magnetic strip, the silver rectangular phones accept both magnetic cards and cards with a chip, and the yellow phones only accept chip cards. At the yellow TP phones you can also send emails and SMS messages.













^ Back to top


Internet











Krakow has many internet cafés and locations where wifi is available, such as the Main Square and the Kazimierz district. If you don’t have a laptop, it is easy to recognize the internet cafés, plentiful in the centre of the city.













^ Back to top


Emergency Numbers











All Emergencies: 112
Ambulance: 999
Fire Brigade: 998
Police: 997













^ Back to top


Opening times











The opening times for small shops and other businesses vary, but the norm is weekdays from 9 am - 6 pm and Saturday from 10 am - 5 pm. Large department stores are generally open from 10 am - 10 pm, and supermarkets even longer, from 8.30 am - 11 pm. Banks are open weekdays from 10 am - 6 pm, and some also open on Saturday from 10 am - 1 pm. Post offices are open weekdays from 7 am - 8 pm, and Saturday from 7 am - 2 pm. If you need to buy something in the wee hours, your best bet is to go to a petrol station shop. These are open 24 hours every day, even on holidays, and sell basic necessities such as sandwiches and other basic food items, drinks, and hygienic products.













^ Back to top


Public Holidays











January 1, New Year’s Day
Easter Sunday and Monday (dates vary)
May 1, State Holiday
May 3, Constitution Day
Pentecost (7th Sunday after Easter)
Corpus Christi (9th Thursday after Easter)
August 15, Assumption Day
November 1, All Saints’ Day
November 11, Independence Day
December 25 and 26, Christmas













^ Back to top


Public Holidays











January 1, New Year’s Day
Easter Sunday and Monday (dates vary)
May 1, State Holiday
May 3, Constitution Day
Pentecost (7th Sunday after Easter)
Corpus Christi (9th Thursday after Easter)
August 15, Assumption Day
November 1, All Saints’ Day
November 11, Independence Day
December 25 and 26, Christmas













^ Back to top


Safety











Poland is one of the safest of all the European countries, and Krakow is probably the safest major city in Poland. So you certainly don’t need to worry about crime here any more than you do at home. But nowhere is crime free, and Krakow has its share of pickpockets and car thieves, and muggings do occur occasionally. If you take common sense safety precautions, however, chances are you will not fall victim to anything. Always carry your belongings in a very secure place, and never care more valuables with you than you need. Even more important is simply to be aware of your surroundings, trust your instincts, and avoid dodgy neighbourhoods and walking alone at night.













^ Back to top












Dear tobook.com visitor, you also can contribute to our city guides with
            events and articles. Do you want to inform our readers with an upcoming
            event or do you want to publish your article, please
email
us at guide. We would welcome personal stories about your experiences
            in Europe as a great addition to our city guides.































E-mail this to a friend









Printable version























Home

Help

About us

Products & Services


Contact us

Privacy policy

Affiliate

Newsletter

Jobs

Sitemap

Hotel Login

Mobile

Recently added

Register your property
© 2013

This website uses cookies.



















