
Brugge Guide at tobook.com

















Sign in

Sign up





E-mail address






Password












Forgot your password?








E-mail address






Password






Re-type password

















My bookings
|
Feedback


|





English

Français

Deutsch

Italiano

Español

Português

Türkçe

Magyar

Nederlands


|
(EUR)




Euro (EUR)

British pound (GBP)

US Dollar (USD)



Argentina Pesos (ARS)

Australia Dollars (AUD)

Brazil Reais (BRL)

British pound (GBP)

Bulgarian Lev (BGN)

Cambodian Riel (KHR)

Canada Dollars (CAD)

Chilean peso (CLP)

Chinese yuan (CNY)

Croatia Kuna (HRK)

Czech Koruny (CZK)

Danish Kroner (DKK)

Euro (EUR)

Hungarian Forint (HUF)

India Rupees (INR)

Indonesian rupiah (IDR)

Israeli new shekels (ILS)

Japan Yen (JPY)

Kuwaiti dinar (KWD)

Latvian lats (LVL)

Lithuanian litas (LTL)

Malaysian ringgit (MYR)

Mexican Peso (MXN)

Moroccan Dirham (MAD)

Norwegian Krone (NOK)

Polish Zloty (PLN)

Romanian Leu (RON)

Russian Rubble (RUB)

Serbian dinar (RSD)

Singapore dollar (SGD)

South African Rand (ZAR)

South Korean Won (KRW)

Sweden Kronor (SEK)

Swiss Francs (CHF)

Thai Baht (THB)

Turkey New Lira (TRY)

U.A. Emirates Dirham  (AED)

US Dollar (USD)
















City Guide Brugge







World
>
Europe
>
Belgium
>
Brugge





























Pick a hotel in
Brugge



Arrival





















December 2017

January 2018

February 2018

March 2018

April 2018

May 2018

June 2018

July 2018

August 2018

September 2018

October 2018

November 2018

December 2018

January 2019

February 2019

March 2019

April 2019






















Mon

Tue

Wed

Thu

Fri

Sat

Sun





















































































































Calendar










Departure










































Show events on
map










Other cityguides







For submitting a new event or a guide item, please
email
us.














General Information

























Bruges is the capital of the province West Flanders in Belgium. It is a beautiful city whose history goes back 2000 years to the time when it was a Roman settlement. It had its golden age around 1300 when it has become the most prosperous city in Europe. About two hundred years later, Bruges lost its economic strength to Antwerp because of an increase of silt in the Zwin Channel which provided Bruges with an access to the sea. Nevertheless, once known for its international port activities and its status as a commercial centre of Northwest Europe, Bruges can today look back on a rich history that has extensively shaped its contemporary life. Not for nothing was the medieval city centre entered into the World Heritage Sites of the UNESCO. A rich number of interesting museums present the varied history of the city. Additionally, winding alleys and romantic canals contribute to Bruges’ reputation as one of the most gorgeous cities in Europe. The architectural and artistic atmospheres of the past and of the present day mingle here and create a distinctive charm that reflects the care and the attention that the locals have put into the preservation of their lovely city and its history.














Weather











Bruges is characterised by mild winters and warm summers. The months between April and September are the warmest months, with an average temperature of around 21 °C. The coldest months are from November to January with average temperatures between -1 and 5° C. Rainfall averages around 6 - 10 inches per month. You should always be prepared for some rain when visiting Bruges. An especially nice time to visit is early spring when the flowers and plants start to blossom.














Languages











The local language spoken in Bruges is Flemish. English is also widely understood and spoken. Stores, restaurants and cafes usually have staff that are fluent in English. Some locals also speak French but it is recommended to speak English instead of trying to speak French, no matter how good your French is.













^ Back to top


Religion











The main religion in Belgium is Roman-Catholicism, and there is a large number of Catholic churches. There are also many other religions represented in Bruges, including Judaism, Islam, Protestant varieties of Christianity, and Greek Orthodox Christianity.













^ Back to top


Currency











The currency used in Belgium is the Euro. Notes come in denominations of €100, €50, €20, €10 and €5 and the coins in use are €2, €1, € 0.50, € 0.20, € 0.10, € 0.05, € 0.02 and € 0.01.
































^ Back to top


Tipping











Service charges are included in the prices you pay in pubs and restaurants, as well as for taxis. It is not required to tip in a restaurant, but it is common to round up the prices. Even for very good service, a tip of € 1 or 2 is sufficient. Porters, waiters and taxi drivers do not require a tip unless you receive particularly outstanding service. Tips for taxis also tend to be only a couple of euros, not a percentage the way it is done in some countries. Restroom attendants often to expect a small tip (a few cents), and doormen in clubs will often try to get you to give them a small tip on the way out.













^ Back to top


Taxes











Sales tax is always included in store prices. Visitors from outside of the EU can get this tax refunded in some cases, when they spend € 125 or more in the same store on the same day. In order to receive this refund, the goods must be shown to a customs official when departing the country, along with some paperwork that you receive from the store. These items must leave the country within three months to qualify for the refund.













^ Back to top


Telephone











Public telephones in Belgium accept both coins and phone cards. If a phone has stickers with different flags, it can be used to make international calls using operator assistance. Phone cards are available in post offices, train stations, book stores, newspaper stands, supermarkets and phone shops. The “Belgacom Phone Pass” can be used from all types of phones: pay phones, landlines and mobile phones.
To phone a Belgian number from outside the country, dial 00 32 and then 050 for Bruges, leaving off the first zero. For international phone information when you are in Belgium, dial 1304.













^ Back to top


Internet











Bruges has many internet cafes, four of which are:
Snuffel Sleep In: Ezelstraat 47-49, +32 50 333133
Huis der Kunsten: Korte Vulderstraat 30, +32 50 347009
Bruggesonline: Katelijnestraat 67, +32 50 349352
The Coffee Link: Mariastraat 38, +32 50 349973













^ Back to top


Emergency numbers











Police: 101
Fire Brigade: 100
Ambulance: 100













^ Back to top


Opening times











Business hours for banks are weekdays from 9 am to 1 pm and 2 pm to 4.30 or 5 pm. The main post office is open during the week between 9 am and 6 pm, and on Saturdays from 9 am to 3 pm. Smaller post offices are open from 9 am to 12 am and 2 pm to 5 pm. The opening hours of offices are usually Monday to Friday from 9 am or 10 am to 4 pm or 5 pm. Shops are open between 9 am and 7 pm on weekdays, and on Fridays often until 9 pm. Most of the bigger supermarkets are open until 8 pm and on Fridays also until 9 pm. The shops along the big shopping streets and some markets are even open on Sundays between 10 am and 5 pm.













^ Back to top


Public holidays











On the following days, most shops, banks and museums will be closed, and public transport is likely to be more limited.

1 January, New Year’s Day
Maundy Thursday
Good Friday
Easter Monday
1 May, Labour Day
17 May, Ascension Day
Whit Monday
15 August, Assumption Day
1 November, All Saints Day
11 November, Armistice Day
24 December, Christmas Eve
25 December, Christmas Day













^ Back to top


Safety











The crime rate in Bruges is not very high. The city is generally quite safe and there are no areas which should particularly be avoided. Although there are very few major crimes, it is wise to take routine, common-sense precautions because Bruges is still a tourist destination where pick-pocketing and other forms of theft are not uncommon.













^ Back to top












Dear tobook.com visitor, you also can contribute to our city guides with
            events and articles. Do you want to inform our readers with an upcoming
            event or do you want to publish your article, please
email
us at guide. We would welcome personal stories about your experiences
            in Europe as a great addition to our city guides.































E-mail this to a friend









Printable version























Home

Help

About us

Products & Services


Contact us

Privacy policy

Affiliate

Newsletter

Jobs

Sitemap

Hotel Login

Mobile

Recently added

Register your property
© 2013

This website uses cookies.



















