
London Guide at tobook.com

















Sign in

Sign up





E-mail address






Password












Forgot your password?








E-mail address






Password






Re-type password

















My bookings
|
Feedback


|





English

Français

Deutsch

Italiano

Español

Português

Türkçe

Magyar

Nederlands


|
(EUR)




Euro (EUR)

British pound (GBP)

US Dollar (USD)



Argentina Pesos (ARS)

Australia Dollars (AUD)

Brazil Reais (BRL)

British pound (GBP)

Bulgarian Lev (BGN)

Cambodian Riel (KHR)

Canada Dollars (CAD)

Chilean peso (CLP)

Chinese yuan (CNY)

Croatia Kuna (HRK)

Czech Koruny (CZK)

Danish Kroner (DKK)

Euro (EUR)

Hungarian Forint (HUF)

India Rupees (INR)

Indonesian rupiah (IDR)

Israeli new shekels (ILS)

Japan Yen (JPY)

Kuwaiti dinar (KWD)

Latvian lats (LVL)

Lithuanian litas (LTL)

Malaysian ringgit (MYR)

Mexican Peso (MXN)

Moroccan Dirham (MAD)

Norwegian Krone (NOK)

Polish Zloty (PLN)

Romanian Leu (RON)

Russian Rubble (RUB)

Serbian dinar (RSD)

Singapore dollar (SGD)

South African Rand (ZAR)

South Korean Won (KRW)

Sweden Kronor (SEK)

Swiss Francs (CHF)

Thai Baht (THB)

Turkey New Lira (TRY)

U.A. Emirates Dirham  (AED)

US Dollar (USD)
















City Guide London







World
>
Europe
>
United Kingdom
>
London





























Pick a hotel in
London



Arrival





















December 2017

January 2018

February 2018

March 2018

April 2018

May 2018

June 2018

July 2018

August 2018

September 2018

October 2018

November 2018

December 2018

January 2019

February 2019

March 2019

April 2019






















Mon

Tue

Wed

Thu

Fri

Sat

Sun





















































































































Calendar










Departure










































Show events on
map










Other cityguides







For submitting a new event or a guide item, please
email
us.





















General Information

























London is a massive, multicultural, cosmopolitan city with a population of nearly 8 million people. Greater London extends over 600 square miles and is divided into 33 boroughs. These range from wealthier areas such as Chelsea and South Kensington to poorer Hackney or Lambeth. However, each borough has a diverse mix of people, cultural activities and markets, all of which make London an incredibly exciting place to be. Ten years ago, many locals and tourists were unsure where to go out to eat as London was not renowned to be one of the best culinary capitals in the world. However, this has all changed and there are some fantastic restaurants to suit all tastes and pockets. From South Indian vegetarian dosas to jellied eels or fish and chips, the range is incredibly diverse. In addition, some remarkable new galleries and cinemas have opened in the last years...from the magnificent Tate Modern south of the Thames to the giant IMAX screen near Waterloo Station. There is something for all ages, and many events can be booked ahead over the internet. London has both an incredibly successful financial district and is home to many offices and retail outlets. There is always plenty to see and do, from paying a trip to the brand new Greater London Assembly building to an antique market in Camden Passage. You may want to take advantage of the extensive public transport network, but become well informed of any current delays, as the system isn't quite as efficient as in other European cities. London not only has some excellent theatres (with many film stars coming from The States to perform live on stage), but also some unusual music venues. These range from old religious buildings (Union Chapel in Islington) to The Roundhouse, a former train depot in Camden. Check out the many parks and gardens, from Greenwich down by the Meridian to Hampstead Heath in the north; both offer magnificent views over the capital by day or night.














Weather











Summers tend to be moderately warm and pleasant with occasional hot days and less rain than other seasons. However, the weather can be quite unpredictable, so visitors should plan for all eventualities. Winters are usually wet and cold, although average temperatures can be considered mild when compared to mainland Europe. Snow is infrequent.














Currency











British currency is the pound sterling (£). Notes are divided into denominations of £5, £10, £20 and £50. Coins come in denominations of £2, £1, 50p, 20p, 10, 2p and 1p. ATMs are commonplace and the cheapest way to withdraw cash. Most machines accept Visa, MasterCard (including Cirrus and Maestro), American Express, and Diners Club. Foreign currency can be changed at banks and bureaux de change, although it is the best to use a high street bank as their rates are usually better than bureaux de change and they charge less commission.













^ Back to top


Language











English is not only the national language spoken in London but also the most important one, considering the fact that there are more than 300 different languages spoken in this multicultural city. In many parts of the city English is only a second language. Actually, the English spoken today in London is a mixture of foreign words, the typical south eastern accent and the traditional cockney dialect. It is a moving language that is constantly influenced by new trends and other language groups.













^ Back to top


Religion











Due to the many nationalities living in London, there are a lot of different religions colliding. The largest religious groups are, nevertheless, Christian. The Anglican Church, which is the country’s official church, has still a lot of members throughout London. About 56 % of the Jewish community of Great Britain is concentrated here. Also over 52 % of Great Britain’s Hindus live in London. Besides, there is a large Islamic community settled in the city, most of them Bangladeshis and Pakistanis. Arabs and Turks are a minority group. London also has a high number of Buddhists and Sikhs communities.
































^ Back to top


Taxes











The VAT in London is 17,5 % on most goods and services excluding food, books and children’s wear. In most of the cases tourists have the right to claim back the paid taxes when they have lived in Great Britain less than 365 days before the purchase and if they have left the country within 3 months after purchasing the goods. Unfortunately, not all shops take part in the Tax Free Shopping. Most of the shops have a minimum price limit of £75. On request you can get a special form (VAT 407) which you have to present to the tax office together with the purchased goods. After a confirmation of the tax office the form needs to be sent back to the shop where the product was bought. Then you will get the tax back. The whole procedure can take 8 to 10 weeks.













^ Back to top


Tipping











It is common practice to tip hotel service personnel such as luggage handlers and door attendants. Service charges are included in some restaurants and are clearly stated on menus. However, it is standard to add 15 percent. Tip taxi drivers about ten percent of the total fare.














^ Back to top


Telephone











The international number for Great Britain is +44. There are two numbers for London: 0207 for all connections in the centre and 0208 for all calls in the outer city ring.

The old red telephone boxes were replaced by more functional phone boxes which can be used with coins, telephone or credit cards. Telephone cards can be purchased in most kiosks and magazine shops with £1, £2, £4, £10 or £20. The cheapest time for calling is after 8 pm.













^ Back to top


Internet











Going online is actually no problem in London. If you have a laptop you can easily use the internet from a hotel room or choose one of the numerous internet cafes. Essential for the use of a laptop is an adaptor for the normal telephone cables. Internet cafes are for example: Buzz Bar, 95 Portobello Rd; Cyberg@te, 3 Leigh St; Bethereds, 39 Whitfield St, easyEverything, 9-13 Wilton Rd; Tottenham Court Road 9-16 Tottenham Court Rd; Oxford Street 358 Oxford St; ect.













^ Back to top


Emergency Numbers











Police, ambulance or fire brigade: 999
Police in Central London: 0171 – 2301212














^ Back to top


Opening times











Major banks are usually open from Monday to Friday 9.30 am to 4.30 pm), and some on Saturday until 1pm. All banks are closed on Sundays. The post office at Trafalgar Square is open Mo to Fr until 8 pm. Shops are usually open between 9 am and 6 pm, sometimes even longer in the evenings. Some shops and supermarkets are also open on Sundays.













^ Back to top


Public holidays











On public holidays nearly all shops and public constitution is closed.

• 1. January: New Year’s Day
• Good Friday
• Easter Monday
• First Mo in May: May Day
• 25. Dec Christmas Day
• 26. Dec Boxing Day













^ Back to top


Safety











London, like any western European capital, is a relatively safe city. The biggest problem, as in any big town with many tourists, is the presence of pickpockets. So, it is important to make sure that valuables are properly concealed. Pickpockets are usually active on public transport and around busy locations where tourists are distracted, such as Leicester Square and Piccadilly Circus. If you are alone, avoid walking though parks after dark and take taxis to the outer boroughs rather than walk down unlit streets. Another big problem in London is car crime, so make sure that doors are locked when driving and that valuables are well hidden. Don''t leave anything in your car dashboard unattended.













^ Back to top












Dear tobook.com visitor, you also can contribute to our city guides with
            events and articles. Do you want to inform our readers with an upcoming
            event or do you want to publish your article, please
email
us at guide. We would welcome personal stories about your experiences
            in Europe as a great addition to our city guides.































E-mail this to a friend









Printable version























Home

Help

About us

Products & Services


Contact us

Privacy policy

Affiliate

Newsletter

Jobs

Sitemap

Hotel Login

Mobile

Recently added

Register your property
© 2013

This website uses cookies.



















