
Barcelona Guide at tobook.com

















Sign in

Sign up





E-mail address






Password












Forgot your password?








E-mail address






Password






Re-type password

















My bookings
|
Feedback


|





English

Français

Deutsch

Italiano

Español

Português

Türkçe

Magyar

Nederlands


|
(EUR)




Euro (EUR)

British pound (GBP)

US Dollar (USD)



Argentina Pesos (ARS)

Australia Dollars (AUD)

Brazil Reais (BRL)

British pound (GBP)

Bulgarian Lev (BGN)

Cambodian Riel (KHR)

Canada Dollars (CAD)

Chilean peso (CLP)

Chinese yuan (CNY)

Croatia Kuna (HRK)

Czech Koruny (CZK)

Danish Kroner (DKK)

Euro (EUR)

Hungarian Forint (HUF)

India Rupees (INR)

Indonesian rupiah (IDR)

Israeli new shekels (ILS)

Japan Yen (JPY)

Kuwaiti dinar (KWD)

Latvian lats (LVL)

Lithuanian litas (LTL)

Malaysian ringgit (MYR)

Mexican Peso (MXN)

Moroccan Dirham (MAD)

Norwegian Krone (NOK)

Polish Zloty (PLN)

Romanian Leu (RON)

Russian Rubble (RUB)

Serbian dinar (RSD)

Singapore dollar (SGD)

South African Rand (ZAR)

South Korean Won (KRW)

Sweden Kronor (SEK)

Swiss Francs (CHF)

Thai Baht (THB)

Turkey New Lira (TRY)

U.A. Emirates Dirham  (AED)

US Dollar (USD)
















City Guide Barcelona







World
>
Europe
>
Spain
>
Barcelona





























Pick a hotel in
Barcelona



Arrival





















December 2017

January 2018

February 2018

March 2018

April 2018

May 2018

June 2018

July 2018

August 2018

September 2018

October 2018

November 2018

December 2018

January 2019

February 2019

March 2019

April 2019






















Mon

Tue

Wed

Thu

Fri

Sat

Sun





















































































































Calendar










Departure










































Show events on
map










Other cityguides







For submitting a new event or a guide item, please
email
us.





















General Information

























Barcelona has become during the last few years one of the most attractive culture centres of Europe. Barcelona is filled with so many amazing sites and it is impossible to visit all of its wonders on a several day visit. The wise tourist that has only a few days to spend in this colourful city, would better decide a head what attraction he wants to visit so he can focus on attractions and activities that really interest him.
Barcelona is heaven for architecture lovers. The imaginative and strange art nouveau designs, created by Antonio Gaudi have become a symbol of the city, like the Pedrera, Guell Park and the church of Sagrada Familia, which is one of the most visited spots in the city.
The splendor of medieval Barcelona can still be seen around the old center and especially at the Barri Gotic and Ciutat Vella. Barcelona is a wonderful blend of old and new that somehow create a natural combination and a unique atmosphere that can only be found here.
Barcelona is rich with bustling nightlife, shopping malls that can make even shoppoholics head spin, exquisite restaurants and cafés, wide beaches, lively parks and even some of the best sport events. There is always too much to see and explore in Barcelona, so inevitably it justifies another visit to this great city.














Barcelona and the sea











Since 1992, when a massive beach clean – up was made as part of the preparations for the Olympic games, the recovery of the Barcelona seafront has been one of the most important changes in the city. Today, the beaches are very popular and are considered as the largest leisure spaces of the city.














Weather











Barcelona has a Mediterranean climate and enjoys hot summers and cool winters. The best time to visit Barcelona is during May, June and September when the temperature is perfect. In July an August the weather becomes very hot and humid and many locals leave the city for their summer vacation. The temperatures often exceed 84°F (29°C) at midday during summer, and the average temperature in December is around 55°F (13°C).













^ Back to top


Language











The two official languages of Barcelona, as in the rest of Catalonia, are Spanish and Catalan. Although Catalan is more commonly spoken, everyone can speak Spanish. English is not as common as you would expect it to be due to the amount of tourists that visit the city. You will find that goodwill and hand gestures help the local English skills.













^ Back to top


Religion











90% of the residents are Roman Catholic and 10% are Muslims and Jews.













^ Back to top


Currency











The Euro is the official currency of Spain. Euro (€) = 100 cents. Notes are in denominations of €500, 200, 100, 50, 20, 10 and 5. Coins are in denominations of €2, 1 and 50, 20, 10, 5, 2 and 1 cents.













^ Back to top


Tipping











Tipping is not obligatory and has no fixed rules, but it is common to tip 5% to 10% if you had a good service. It is also common to tip hotel porters and taxi drivers.













^ Back to top


Taxes











The VAT of 16% can be reclaimed by visitors from outside the EU as long as the purchase exceeds € 90,15 (VAT included) and was purchased at one store on the same day. In order to do that, you have to ask in the store for a tax refund cheque containing the description of goods, the personal data of the non European resident as well as the particulars of his passport or of any such equivalent document. At the airport your purchased items need to be taken to the customs clearance before checking the luggage in. In order to get the VAT refund, you have to cash the stamped cheque at any Bureau de Change in your chosen currency.
Tax refund information line: +35 45 64 64 00














^ Back to top


Telephone











To call Barcelona from abroad, first dial +34 for Spain and then 93 for Barcelona.
There can be high charges on calls made from hotels, restaurants and bars and it is generally cheaper to use a calling card. Public telephone boxes take coins or phone cards for local and international calls, which can be bought from tobacconists and post offices.













^ Back to top


Internet











There are some bars and cafés that offer internet access. Most hotels offer internet access to their guests and there are also public places as around the central university building at the Placa Universitat that offer internet access.













^ Back to top


Emergency Numbers











Police: 092
Medical emergencies: 061
Centralized emergency line: 112
Dental emergency: +34 93 4159922
On Duty pharmacies: +34 93 4810060














^ Back to top


Opening times











Banks are usually open Monday through Friday from 8.30 am to 2 pm. From October through April, banks are open also on Saturdays from 8.30 am to 1 pm.
Most shops, churches, museums and businesses close for a siesta of two hours at midday. Usually, working hours are 9.30 am – 1.30 pm and 4.30 pm – 7.30 pm from Monday to Friday. Large department stores and shopping centres usually stay open from 9 am to 9 pm.
Most museums are closed on Mondays and are open on Sundays only until 3 pm.













^ Back to top


Public Holidays











· January 1:	New Year’s Day (Año Nuevo)
· January 6:	Festival of the Reyes (Dia de los tres Reyes)
· March 19:	Father’s Day (San Jose)
· April           Good Friday (Viernes Santo)
· April     	Easter Sunday (Dia de Pascua)
· May 1:	Labour Day (Dia del Trabajo)
· June 24:	St. John’s Day (San Juan)
· August 15:	Assumption (Asuncion)
· September 11: Catalonia’s National Holyday (Diada)
· September 24: Barcelona’s Patron Saint (La Merce)
· October 12: Columbus Day (Dia de la Hispanidad)
· November 1: All Saints Day (Todos los Santos)
· December 6: Constitution Day (Dia de la Constitucion)
· December 8: Immaculate Conception (Immaculada Concecion)
· December 25: Christmas Day (Navidad)
· December 26: Boxing Day













^ Back to top


Safety











As in any other large city, you should watch for pickpocketing and bag snatching. Be careful mostly around tourist attractions like the Old City area and particularly around La Rambla. Back packs, dangling purses, and wallets in back pockets are particularly vulnerable, and anything on your person is fair game on a crowded bus or train.













^ Back to top












Dear tobook.com visitor, you also can contribute to our city guides with
            events and articles. Do you want to inform our readers with an upcoming
            event or do you want to publish your article, please
email
us at guide. We would welcome personal stories about your experiences
            in Europe as a great addition to our city guides.































E-mail this to a friend









Printable version























Home

Help

About us

Products & Services


Contact us

Privacy policy

Affiliate

Newsletter

Jobs

Sitemap

Hotel Login

Mobile

Recently added

Register your property
© 2013

This website uses cookies.



















