
Athens Guide at tobook.com

















Sign in

Sign up





E-mail address






Password












Forgot your password?








E-mail address






Password






Re-type password

















My bookings
|
Feedback


|





English

Français

Deutsch

Italiano

Español

Português

Türkçe

Magyar

Nederlands


|
(EUR)




Euro (EUR)

British pound (GBP)

US Dollar (USD)



Argentina Pesos (ARS)

Australia Dollars (AUD)

Brazil Reais (BRL)

British pound (GBP)

Bulgarian Lev (BGN)

Cambodian Riel (KHR)

Canada Dollars (CAD)

Chilean peso (CLP)

Chinese yuan (CNY)

Croatia Kuna (HRK)

Czech Koruny (CZK)

Danish Kroner (DKK)

Euro (EUR)

Hungarian Forint (HUF)

India Rupees (INR)

Indonesian rupiah (IDR)

Israeli new shekels (ILS)

Japan Yen (JPY)

Kuwaiti dinar (KWD)

Latvian lats (LVL)

Lithuanian litas (LTL)

Malaysian ringgit (MYR)

Mexican Peso (MXN)

Moroccan Dirham (MAD)

Norwegian Krone (NOK)

Polish Zloty (PLN)

Romanian Leu (RON)

Russian Rubble (RUB)

Serbian dinar (RSD)

Singapore dollar (SGD)

South African Rand (ZAR)

South Korean Won (KRW)

Sweden Kronor (SEK)

Swiss Francs (CHF)

Thai Baht (THB)

Turkey New Lira (TRY)

U.A. Emirates Dirham  (AED)

US Dollar (USD)
















City Guide Athens







World
>
Europe
>
Greece
>
Athens





























Pick a hotel in
Athens



Arrival





















December 2017

January 2018

February 2018

March 2018

April 2018

May 2018

June 2018

July 2018

August 2018

September 2018

October 2018

November 2018

December 2018

January 2019

February 2019

March 2019

April 2019






















Mon

Tue

Wed

Thu

Fri

Sat

Sun





















































































































Calendar










Departure










































Show events on
map










Other cityguides







For submitting a new event or a guide item, please
email
us.














General Information

























Athens is an ancient city which has been inhabited for more than 3,000 years. During Greece’s “Golden Age,” between around 500 - 300 BC, it was the true leader of the western world, being the most advanced city culturally, intellectually and commercially. Athens was home to famous philosopers such as Plato, Aristotle and Socrates, and is known as the birthplace of democracy.
The beautiful city is named after Athena, its patron goddess, and its ancient origns are still very apparent. Its layout still centers around famous monuments such as the Acropolis, the Parthenon and Mount Lycabettus. Modern suburbs have covered the once-barren plains in all directions, and the city is now quite large and densly populated with around 5 million people. Athens has long been one of the most popular tourist destinations in the world, and it has a very cosmopolitan atmosphere as well as a strong sense of local culture. Since Greece joined the European Union, Athens has changed in terms of its government structure and become more modernized. The city is still a vibrant centre for the arts, as it was in ancient days, and there is a wonderful array of cultural activities to choose from, as well as some truly dazzling sights to see.














Weather











Athens has a Mediterranean climate, which means generally mild temperatures and a good deal of sun. The most rain falls between mid-October and mid-April, and is fairly uncommon in summer. Athens has a very dry climate compared with its other Mediterranean neighbours. Summer temperatures are very hot, and average around 32º C (89º F) during the day. Winters are mild, but the temperature does fall below freezing. Average temperatures for the winter are between 6º C (44º F) and 12º C (55º F). Snow falls occasionally, but is more common in the mountainous northern suburbs than in the city proper.














Language











The national language of Greece is Greek, a language of ancient origin. The natives are proud to be speaking a variant of the region’s original language, dating back three and a half thousand years.













^ Back to top


Religion











The majority of Greeks practice the Greek Orthodox religion, almost 97% of the entire population. Muslims make up the largest minority group, including about 1.5% of all Greeks. There is also a smattering of Roman Catholics, Protestants and Jews.













^ Back to top


Currency











The currency used in Greece is the Euro. Notes come in denominations of €100, €50, €20, €10 and €5 and the coins in use are €2, €1, € 0.50, € 0.20, € 0.10, € 0.05, € 0.02 and € 0.01.













^ Back to top


Tipping











Tips are sometimes included in restaurant bills, but not always. In any case, it is common practice to leave a few Euros (after a full meal, for example) if the service has been good, and a bit more if no service charge is included. If you were not satisfied with the service, however, do not feel obligated to tip. Generally, tips intended for your waiter are left on the tray provided, while tips for the bus boy are left on the table itself. Bus boys usually receive very poor pay, so unless the service has been particularly bad, it is nice to tip them up to a Euro.
Taxi drivers do not expect to be tipped as a matter of course, but customers will often round up the bill a bit. If a driver goes out of his way to be helpful, however, a tip is appropriate.
Tip attendants in restrooms, coatchecks, etc. some small change.
































^ Back to top


Taxes











Most goods you can purchase in Greece include a sales tax of 19%, though for food and beverages it is lower, about 9%. For visitors from outside of the EU, money spent on taxes can be partially reclaimed. Whether or not you are entitled to tax reimbursement depends on how much you spend in one place, what kind of items you purchase, and how long the items will stay in the country. More information can be obtained from individual shops or from Greek customs officials.













^ Back to top


Telephone











The country code for Greece is 30, and the local area code for Athens is 210. To dial Athens from abroad, dial 00 30 210 followed by the local number. Public telephones are well-distributed through the city of Athens, in booths and kiosks known as periptera. You have to pay with a telephone card, available from phone shops, magazine and cigarette shops, and OTE (Hellenic Telecommunications Organization) offices. OTE offices are the cheapest place to make calls, either local or long distance. Each office has a number of separate phone booths available. Greece has the highest percentage of mobile phone use in Europe and it is possible to rent a mobile phone during your stay. More information is available on this site: www.greecetravel.com/phones, or from local phone shops.













^ Back to top


Internet











There are many internet cafés throughout the city, most of which are open late. These shops usually provide other communication services in addition to internet access, such as fax, phone and printer use. The cost for internet use is usually around € 2 - 3 per hour. Many hotels also provide internet access for their customers.













^ Back to top


Emergency numbers











First Aid: 166
Doctors: 1535
Fire: 199
Police: 100













^ Back to top


Opening times











Store hours in Athens may seem strange and unpredictable to foreigners, as they tend to alternate from day to day. Some days stores close as early as 3 pm, while other days they are open in the evening. Typical opening times for many businesses in Athens are: Mon, Wed, Sat 8.30 am - 3 pm, and Tue, Thu, Fri 8.30 am - 2 pm and 5 pm - 8 pm. The largest stores, such as department stores remain open every weekday from about 8 am - 8 pm, though close earlier on Sat.
Banks are open Mon - Thu 8 am - 2 pm and Fri 8 am- 1.30 pm. Post offices are open from 7.30 am - 2 pm Mon - Fri.













^ Back to top


Public holidays











On the following days, most shops will be closed, as well as banks and post offices. Public transportation may also be more limited.

1st January, New Years Day
6th January, Epiphany
Ash Monday, 41 days before Easter
25th March, Independence Day and the Feast of the Annunciation
Easter, from Good Friday through Easter Monday
1st May, Labour Day
Whit Monday, 50 days after Easter
15th August, Assumption of the Virgin
28th October, Rejection of Italian ultimatum in 1940
25th-26th December, Christmas













^ Back to top


Safety











Greece has the lowest crime rate in all of Europe, and as far as large cities go, Athens is one of the safest in the world. Crimes do of course occur, however, and pickpocketing and petty thefts are not uncommon. As a tourist, it is also important to be on the lookout for scam artists, who will lure you into their bars or other establishments and then charge you outrageous prices for what you have eaten or drunk. The violent crime rate is extremely low, however, and taking basic precautions will make it unlikely that you are targeted by pickpockets or other petty criminals.













^ Back to top












Dear tobook.com visitor, you also can contribute to our city guides with
            events and articles. Do you want to inform our readers with an upcoming
            event or do you want to publish your article, please
email
us at guide. We would welcome personal stories about your experiences
            in Europe as a great addition to our city guides.































E-mail this to a friend









Printable version























Home

Help

About us

Products & Services


Contact us

Privacy policy

Affiliate

Newsletter

Jobs

Sitemap

Hotel Login

Mobile

Recently added

Register your property
© 2013

This website uses cookies.



















