
Munich Guide at tobook.com

















Sign in

Sign up





E-mail address






Password












Forgot your password?








E-mail address






Password






Re-type password

















My bookings
|
Feedback


|





English

Français

Deutsch

Italiano

Español

Português

Türkçe

Magyar

Nederlands


|
(EUR)




Euro (EUR)

British pound (GBP)

US Dollar (USD)



Argentina Pesos (ARS)

Australia Dollars (AUD)

Brazil Reais (BRL)

British pound (GBP)

Bulgarian Lev (BGN)

Cambodian Riel (KHR)

Canada Dollars (CAD)

Chilean peso (CLP)

Chinese yuan (CNY)

Croatia Kuna (HRK)

Czech Koruny (CZK)

Danish Kroner (DKK)

Euro (EUR)

Hungarian Forint (HUF)

India Rupees (INR)

Indonesian rupiah (IDR)

Israeli new shekels (ILS)

Japan Yen (JPY)

Kuwaiti dinar (KWD)

Latvian lats (LVL)

Lithuanian litas (LTL)

Malaysian ringgit (MYR)

Mexican Peso (MXN)

Moroccan Dirham (MAD)

Norwegian Krone (NOK)

Polish Zloty (PLN)

Romanian Leu (RON)

Russian Rubble (RUB)

Serbian dinar (RSD)

Singapore dollar (SGD)

South African Rand (ZAR)

South Korean Won (KRW)

Sweden Kronor (SEK)

Swiss Francs (CHF)

Thai Baht (THB)

Turkey New Lira (TRY)

U.A. Emirates Dirham  (AED)

US Dollar (USD)
















City Guide Munich







World
>
Europe
>
Germany
>
Munich





























Pick a hotel in
Munich



Arrival





















December 2017

January 2018

February 2018

March 2018

April 2018

May 2018

June 2018

July 2018

August 2018

September 2018

October 2018

November 2018

December 2018

January 2019

February 2019

March 2019

April 2019






















Mon

Tue

Wed

Thu

Fri

Sat

Sun





















































































































Calendar










Departure










































Show events on
map










Other cityguides







For submitting a new event or a guide item, please
email
us.



















General Information

























With 1.3 million inhabitants Munich is the biggest city of Bavaria and the third biggest city of Germany. Located to the north of the Bavarian Alps, on the river Isar, Munich is one of the most important economy, culture and transportation centres of the country which is reflected in a certain prosperity. Many media, high-tech companies as well as the car industry have there headquarters over here. Sophistication is not only represented by the city itself but also by the inhabitants of whom a big part belongs to the wealthy upper class. Big expensive cars, exclusive designer shops and haute cuisine shape the city’s high society image but nevertheless Munich has to face a certain prejudice which includes lederhosen wearing people, beer and the Bavarian veal sausage. This is of cause a part of the city’s folk traditions which contradicts with the aim of being a sophisticated cosmopolitan city.
Besides, Munich is rich in all kinds of cultural activities. It is packed with museums, a vibrant art scene and famous for the Oktoberfest which is known all over the world.

Munich’s history goes back to the Romans but only under the rule of Henry the Lion Munich was strengthened as a settlement in 1158. The following centuries were controlled by the Wittelsbacher who ruled until the 20th century and led the city into a period of stability which is still today represented by the many palaces and castles.














Weather











Munich lies in between the humid Atlantic and the dry continental climate zones which makes the weather quite inconsistent. Important weather determining factors are the Alps and the river Donau. The climate is quite warm and dry but due to its geographical location Munich sometimes has to face severe storms. And thanks to the Alps the city gets a lot of snow in winter. The best time to visit Munich is between early summer and autumn.














Languages











The official language spoken in Munich is German. Nevertheless, Bavaria has many dialects which are quite strong. Munich’s inhabitants, however, barely speak any dialect.













^ Back to top


Religion











Bavaria is strongly shaped by a catholic history. Therefore, about 40% are Catholics, 14% are Protestants and about 46% belong to different religious groups or are undenominational. Munich also has a Jewish community of which most members come from East Europe.













^ Back to top


Currency











The currency used in Germany is the Euro. Notes come in denominations of €100, €50, €20, €10 and €5 and the coins in use are €2, €1, € 0.50, € 0.20, € 0.10, € 0.05, € 0.02 and € 0.01.
































^ Back to top


Tipping











Usually tips are already included in the bill but it is common to leave a Tipp of 10 – 15 %.
Tips are common in restaurants, cafes and bars but also for taxi drivers, in hotels or at the hair dresser.














^ Back to top


Taxes











From January 2007 the VAT increases from 16% to 19%. In some shops which are signed with the „Tax Free“ shopping sign, the VAT can be reclaimed by visitors from outside the EU. In order to do that you have to fill a tax-cheque by the time of purchase. At the airport your purchased items need to be taken to the customs clearance where the customs official will provide a tax stamp which can be cashed at any of the airport banks in a variety of currencies.













^ Back to top


Telephone











To call Germany you first have to dial +49 and then for Munich (0)89. On most of the inner city places are public telephones which can be used with telephone cards or coins. Telephone cards are available with a value of € 5 or € 10 Euro in post offices, telephone and train station shops as well as kiosks.













^ Back to top


Internet











Munich has internet cafes of any kind; from small locations with 2 seats to internet giants with more than 450 terminals. Some of the places are free of charge. The name café doesn not always mean that you also get something to drink, sometimes food and drinks are even prohibited. Some internet cafes are: Cyberice-Cafe Internet & Eiscafé: Feilitzschstr. 15, Café Netzwerk: Luisenstraße 11 (+49 89 54832700), easyInternetcafé: Bahnhofplatz 1, Internet House t@ke-In: Rosenheimer Landstr. 30, Coffee Fellows
Leopoldstr. 70. Besides, the public library, the Bayerische Börse Aktiengesellschaft and an Internet Point at the airport  provide an internet access, some even free of charge.













^ Back to top


Emergency Numbers











Police: 110
Fire Brigade: 112
Ambulance: 112
Aicher Amulance: 089 19 224
H&P; Ambulance: 089 19 208













^ Back to top


Opening times











Department stores, supermarkets and some bigger shops are generally open on weekdays from 9 am to 8 pm and on Saturdays from 9 am to 4 am. Smaller shops are only open weekdays until 6.30 pm. The post office is weekdays open between 8 am and 6.30 pm and on Saturdays from 9 am to 12.30 am.













^ Back to top


Public Holidays











1. January (New Year’s Day)
6. January (Epiphany)
Good Friday
Easter Monday
1. May (Labour Day)
Ascension Day
Whit Monday
Feast of Corpus Christi
Assumption Day
3. October (German Unification Day)
1. November (All Saints’ Day)
25. Dec Christmas Day
26. Dec Boxing Day













^ Back to top


Safety











Munich is in general a safe city; nevertheless tourists can easily become victim of pickpockets or other minor crimes. Travel insurance for you and your family is therefore recommendable.













^ Back to top












Dear tobook.com visitor, you also can contribute to our city guides with
            events and articles. Do you want to inform our readers with an upcoming
            event or do you want to publish your article, please
email
us at guide. We would welcome personal stories about your experiences
            in Europe as a great addition to our city guides.































E-mail this to a friend









Printable version























Home

Help

About us

Products & Services


Contact us

Privacy policy

Affiliate

Newsletter

Jobs

Sitemap

Hotel Login

Mobile

Recently added

Register your property
© 2013

This website uses cookies.



















