
Copenhagen Guide at tobook.com

















Sign in

Sign up





E-mail address






Password












Forgot your password?








E-mail address






Password






Re-type password

















My bookings
|
Feedback


|





English

Français

Deutsch

Italiano

Español

Português

Türkçe

Magyar

Nederlands


|
(EUR)




Euro (EUR)

British pound (GBP)

US Dollar (USD)



Argentina Pesos (ARS)

Australia Dollars (AUD)

Brazil Reais (BRL)

British pound (GBP)

Bulgarian Lev (BGN)

Cambodian Riel (KHR)

Canada Dollars (CAD)

Chilean peso (CLP)

Chinese yuan (CNY)

Croatia Kuna (HRK)

Czech Koruny (CZK)

Danish Kroner (DKK)

Euro (EUR)

Hungarian Forint (HUF)

India Rupees (INR)

Indonesian rupiah (IDR)

Israeli new shekels (ILS)

Japan Yen (JPY)

Kuwaiti dinar (KWD)

Latvian lats (LVL)

Lithuanian litas (LTL)

Malaysian ringgit (MYR)

Mexican Peso (MXN)

Moroccan Dirham (MAD)

Norwegian Krone (NOK)

Polish Zloty (PLN)

Romanian Leu (RON)

Russian Rubble (RUB)

Serbian dinar (RSD)

Singapore dollar (SGD)

South African Rand (ZAR)

South Korean Won (KRW)

Sweden Kronor (SEK)

Swiss Francs (CHF)

Thai Baht (THB)

Turkey New Lira (TRY)

U.A. Emirates Dirham  (AED)

US Dollar (USD)
















City Guide Copenhagen







World
>
Europe
>
Denmark
>
Copenhagen





























Pick a hotel in
Copenhagen



Arrival





















December 2017

January 2018

February 2018

March 2018

April 2018

May 2018

June 2018

July 2018

August 2018

September 2018

October 2018

November 2018

December 2018

January 2019

February 2019

March 2019

April 2019






















Mon

Tue

Wed

Thu

Fri

Sat

Sun





















































































































Calendar










Departure










































Show events on
map










Other cityguides







For submitting a new event or a guide item, please
email
us.














General Information

























Copenhagen has a long and colourful history, and the now-famous capital began as a small and little-known fishing village. The area where the city stands was settled as early as 6,000 years ago, but the first city records date from 1043 AD. The name Copenhagen comes from the Danish word for harbour, havn. The rural settlement there eventually developed into the dazzling capital of the Danish Empire, and is now one of the most famous cities in the world. The largest city in all of Scandanavia, Copenhagen is the seat of Danish government and the home of the royal family. It maintains its provincial origins in some respects, however, and some of the most charming aspects of the town are its gabled houses, narrow winding streets, and quaint church spires. The location and surroundings of Copenhagen are strikingly beautiful, with its buildings set against a backdrop of lakes, canals and the sea. Copenhagen is also one of the biggest Baltic ports. The city is very environmentally conscious with many green spaces, and bikes outnumber cars, especially in the centre. Many areas are reserved for pedestrians only, and the city is generally extremely well cared for. The recent construction of the Æresund Bridge has caused the city to expand by connecting it to Malmö, Sweden over the Æresund Strait. The bridge is currently the longest bridge in Europe that is built for both cars and trains.














Weather











Copenhagen has a temperate yet maritime climate, and the weather varies greatly from one time of the year to another. The winters tend to be quite cold and cloudy, while the summers are warm with a good deal of sun. Snow falls readily between the months of January and March. The most rainfall occcurs in the fall, between the months of August and October.














Language











The language of Denmark is Danish, known as Dansk. The tongue is closely related to the other Scandanavian languages, particularly Swedish, and uses some unusual vowels and glottal stops. Most Danes speak at least some English, however, and those who are often involved with tourists usually speak perfect English and very good German as well.













^ Back to top


Religion











The most common religion in Denmark is Lutheranism, and Lutherans make up over 92% of the country’s religious people. The remaining 8% includes other Christian denominations as well as a small number of Buddhists, Hindus, Muslims and Jews. Denmark is actually of the world’s most secular countries, and has the third highest proportion of athiests and agnostics, estimated to be at least 50% of the overall population.













^ Back to top


Currency











The currency used in Denmark is the krone, the plural form of which is kroner. There are 100 øre in a krone, and coins come in values of 25 øre, 50 øre, and 1, 2, 5, 10 and 20 kroner. Banknotes are issues in values of 50, 100, 200, 500 and 1000 kroner.
































^ Back to top


Tipping











Restaurant, hotels and taxis automatically add service charges to their bills, so in a sense further tipping is not required. Small tips are often expected, however, and if you never tip while you are in Denmark chances are you will raise some eyebrows. In an average restaurant, a tip of 20-30 kroner is normal. Certainly you should feel no obligation to tip if the service has been unsatisfactory. If service has been exceptionally good, however, it is common to tip a bit more. If a taxi driver or porter helps you with bags a small tip should also be given, and you can figure around 5 kroner per bag. It is also appropriate to tip restroom atendants a couple of kroner.













^ Back to top


Taxes











If you come from a country outside of the EU or Scandanavia, you may be entitled to a tax refund on leaving the country. The minium amount you must spend in one shop to qualify for a refund is DKK 300 (about € 40). In these cases, the shop will give you a form that you can present at the airport before you leave to claim your refund. The amount refunded will be between 13 - 19% of the total purchase.













^ Back to top


Telephone











The country code of Denamrk is 45. To call Denmark from abroad, dial +45 (or 011 45 from the US), followed by the 8 digit local number. There are telephone boxes all over Copenhagen, about half of which accept only telecards. Others accept coins, both Danish kroner and Euros, and at some phones you can pay with a credit card. You can purchase Danish telecards at train stations, post offices, newsstands and petrol stations. The cards are sold in values of DKK 30, 50 and 100.













^ Back to top


Internet











There are several internet cafés spread out through Copenhagen, most of which are located in the centre. Many internet cafés include free coffee in their rates, which are quite reasonable compared with other European countries, usually between 10 - 30 kr per hour. Some internet cafés also include video game stations, and all usually have printing and fax services.













^ Back to top


Emergency Numbers











All basic emergencies (police, fire, ambulance): 112
Doctor: 70130041
Dentist: 35380251
Car emergencies: 880025














^ Back to top


Opening Times











Opening times in Copenhagen naturally vary from shop to shop, but in general they are open Mon- Fri from 9.30 or 10 am - 6 or 7 pm, and Sat from 9 am - 3 or 4 pm. Some shops are open on Sundays, such as bakeries, florists and touristy stores. There are rules in place about when shops can open, and they limit the amount of days businesses can open on Sundays. Generally, shops are allowed to be open on 23 Sundays out of the year if they choose. Office hours  and banking hours in Copenhagen are typically weekdays from 9 am- 4 or 4.30 pm.













^ Back to top


Public Holidays











On the following days, most shops will be closed, as well as banks and post offices. Public transportation may also be more limited.

1 January, New Years Day (Nytårsdag)
Maundy Thursday (Skætersdag)
Good Friday (Langfredag)
Easter (Påske søndag)
Easter Monday (Påskedag)
April (date varies) Day of Prayer (Store Bededag)
May (date varies) Ascension Day (Kristi Himmelfartsdag)
May (date varies) Whit Sunday (Pinse søndag)
May (date varies) Whit Monday (2. Pinsedag)
5 June, Constitution Day (Grundlovsdag)
24 - 26 December, Christmas (Jul)













^ Back to top


Safety











Copenhagen is generally a safe city, and you can expect to have a crime-free visit. However, like anywhere, you should observe some basic safety precautions, especially since foreigners are at higher risk for petty crimes. Make sure to carry your wallet and other valuables in a very secure place where pickpockets cannot reach them, and do not leave your bags out of your reach in restaurants or other public places. Crimes against women are particularly low in Denmark, but it is still advisable not to walk alone late at night, especially in rougher neighbourhoods.













^ Back to top












Dear tobook.com visitor, you also can contribute to our city guides with
            events and articles. Do you want to inform our readers with an upcoming
            event or do you want to publish your article, please
email
us at guide. We would welcome personal stories about your experiences
            in Europe as a great addition to our city guides.































E-mail this to a friend









Printable version























Home

Help

About us

Products & Services


Contact us

Privacy policy

Affiliate

Newsletter

Jobs

Sitemap

Hotel Login

Mobile

Recently added

Register your property
© 2013

This website uses cookies.



















