
Vienna Guide at tobook.com

















Sign in

Sign up





E-mail address






Password












Forgot your password?








E-mail address






Password






Re-type password

















My bookings
|
Feedback


|





English

Français

Deutsch

Italiano

Español

Português

Türkçe

Magyar

Nederlands


|
(EUR)




Euro (EUR)

British pound (GBP)

US Dollar (USD)



Argentina Pesos (ARS)

Australia Dollars (AUD)

Brazil Reais (BRL)

British pound (GBP)

Bulgarian Lev (BGN)

Cambodian Riel (KHR)

Canada Dollars (CAD)

Chilean peso (CLP)

Chinese yuan (CNY)

Croatia Kuna (HRK)

Czech Koruny (CZK)

Danish Kroner (DKK)

Euro (EUR)

Hungarian Forint (HUF)

India Rupees (INR)

Indonesian rupiah (IDR)

Israeli new shekels (ILS)

Japan Yen (JPY)

Kuwaiti dinar (KWD)

Latvian lats (LVL)

Lithuanian litas (LTL)

Malaysian ringgit (MYR)

Mexican Peso (MXN)

Moroccan Dirham (MAD)

Norwegian Krone (NOK)

Polish Zloty (PLN)

Romanian Leu (RON)

Russian Rubble (RUB)

Serbian dinar (RSD)

Singapore dollar (SGD)

South African Rand (ZAR)

South Korean Won (KRW)

Sweden Kronor (SEK)

Swiss Francs (CHF)

Thai Baht (THB)

Turkey New Lira (TRY)

U.A. Emirates Dirham  (AED)

US Dollar (USD)
















City Guide Vienna







World
>
Europe
>
Austria
>
Vienna





























Pick a hotel in
Vienna



Arrival





















December 2017

January 2018

February 2018

March 2018

April 2018

May 2018

June 2018

July 2018

August 2018

September 2018

October 2018

November 2018

December 2018

January 2019

February 2019

March 2019

April 2019






















Mon

Tue

Wed

Thu

Fri

Sat

Sun





















































































































Calendar










Departure










































Show events on
map










Other cityguides







For submitting a new event or a guide item, please
email
us.






















General Information

























Thanks to the numerous pompous buildings from the Roman-German and Austrian imperial time, the diversity of activities and the reputation being the musical capital, famous for its classical musicians as Beethoven and Mozart, Vienna became worldwide famous and a popular destination for tourists. Fiaker drive visitors through the city centre whose central place is the Stephansdom (Stephan’ Cathedral). Close by you can find the State Opera House, the Kärtner Straße, the most frequented street of Austria, colourful pastry shops and hotels and last but not least the pompous Ringstraße, which goes around the old city. Since 1980 a very lively and diverse scene has developed in Vienna, hosting galleries, cabarets, pubs and bars, jazz bars and different events. A lot of tourists visit Vienna in December when the city comes up with its Christmas markets, the “Silverpfad” through the old town and the “Kaiserball”. But most of the attractions in Vienna can be visited all year, for example the Castle Schönbrunn, the Hofburg, the Belvedere or the MuseumsQuartier. That’s why about 60% of the visitors come during the summer.














Weather











Vienna's weather can change quickly due to the continental Austrian climate. Winter highs can be as warm as 55°F/13°C and the low can fall below freezing. Summer highs can reach 90°F/32°C and the lows can be around 50°F/10°C. Heavy rain is most prevalent in the months from May-August. The best times to travel are spring, summer, and fall, although the lines tend to be longer for the tourist attractions, especially in the summer. If your main interest is skiing, it would be best to wait until the middle of winter.















Language











German is the official language spoken in Vienna, although there is still a difference between standard German (Hochdeutsch) and Viennese German. It also differs to other Austrian dialects. English is widely understood and spoken in most of the touristy places.













^ Back to top


Religion











The highest amount of people belongs to the Roman Catholic Church but there are also other religious communities as Protestants, Jews and Muslims and some free churches and small denominations.















^ Back to top


Currency











The currency used in Austria is the Euro. Notes come in denominations of €100, €50, €20, €10 and €5 and the coins in use are €2, €1, € 0.50, € 0.20, € 0.10, € 0.05, € 0.02 and € 0.01.














^ Back to top


Tipping











The tip is usually included in restaurants in Vienna, but it is customary to round up the bill (ie €2 on €1.90.) The same is true for taxis. In hotels, it is normal to leave €1 to €2 per room per night. For other services, such a haircut, it is normal to leave a tip of €2 or more.

































^ Back to top


Taxes











The VAT of 20% can be reclaimed by visitors from outside the EU. In order to do that you have to fill a tax-cheque by the time of purchase. At the airport your purchased items need to be taken to the customs clearance where the customs official will provide a tax stamp which can be cashed at any of the airport banks in a variety of currencies.













^ Back to top


Telephone











To call Vienna from abroad dial +43 for Austria and then 1 for Vienna. Calling from hotel is in general pretty expensive. To use a public phone you need a telephone card. Coins are not very common anymore. Telephone cards can be purchased in any post office.













^ Back to top


Internet











There are many internet cafés over the whole city. Bazar Cyberlounge in Mayerhofgasse 1, BIGnet internetcafe in Hoher Markt 8-9, Blue Box in Richtergasse 8, Cafe Bierbeisl Einstein in Rathausplatz 4, Cafe Stein in Währingerstraße 6 – 8 an many more.













^ Back to top


Emergency numbers











Police Tel.: 133
Fire department Tel.: 122
Ambulance Tel.: 144
Physicians on Standby Tel.: 141
Physicians (Hotline for Visitors 24 hours a day) Tel.: 513 95 95
Dentists (emergency service during the night and weekends) Tel.: 512 20 78
Pharmacies (night and weekend service) Tel.: 15 50













^ Back to top


Opening times











Most of the shops are open from 9 am - 7.30 pm during the week and on Saturdays until 6 pm. Small shops usually close around 7 pm, though some very small family run businesses have longer opening times. Banks are open Mon, Tue, Wed and Fri between 8 am - 3 pm, and on Thursdays they are open longer. Small banks are closed over midday.













^ Back to top


Public Holidays











The main public holidays are as follows:

·1 January: New Year's Day (Neujahr)
·6 January: Epiphany (Heilige Drei Könige)
·Easter Monday: (Ostermontag) - traditionally observed on both Sunday and Monday.
·1 May: Labour Day (Tag der Arbeit)
·Ascension Day: (Christihimmelfahrt) - always on a Thursday and nine days prior to   Pentecost/Whitsun. Pentecost/Whitsun: (Pfingsten) - 50 days after Easter
·Corpus Christi: (Fronleichnam) - on the second Thursday after Whitsunday
·15 August: Assumption Day (Maria Himmelfahrt)
·26 October: Austrian National Day (Nationalfeiertag
·1 November: All Saints'' Day (Allerheiligen)
·11 November:  St. Martin''s Day (Martinstag)
·Advent: - begins on the fourth Sunday before Christmas
·8 December: Immaculate Conception (Mariä Empfängnis)
·25 December: Christmas Day (Weihnachten)
·26 December: St. Stephen''s Day (Stephanitag)
·December 31: New Year''s Eve (Silvester)

On most of the days shops are closed.













^ Back to top


Safety











Despite being a big city Vienna is as safe as some villages would like to be. It is no problem to walk alone during the night but as it is a touristy city it is always useful to use common sense and not to challenge pickpockets and thieves.













^ Back to top












Dear tobook.com visitor, you also can contribute to our city guides with
            events and articles. Do you want to inform our readers with an upcoming
            event or do you want to publish your article, please
email
us at guide. We would welcome personal stories about your experiences
            in Europe as a great addition to our city guides.































E-mail this to a friend









Printable version























Home

Help

About us

Products & Services


Contact us

Privacy policy

Affiliate

Newsletter

Jobs

Sitemap

Hotel Login

Mobile

Recently added

Register your property
© 2013

This website uses cookies.



















