
Luxury Malta Holidays 2018/2019 | Sovereign



















Sovereign's Cookie Policy

This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are consenting to cookies being used. For information on cookies please see our
Cookies Policy
.



I agree







Toggle navigation












All hotels visited and approved by us.
Call our Trusted Advisers on:


01293 762400*


Call us between 9am -  8pm











Home




Destinations




Recommended




Tenerife



Ibiza



Lanzarote



Santorini



Sardinia



Madeira



Cancun



Phuket






Europe




Greece



Spain & The Canary Islands



Portugal



Cyprus



Turkey



Croatia



Italy



Malta






Far East




Bali



Thailand



Hong Kong



Singapore






Caribbean & Mexico




Mexico



Dominican Republic



Antigua



Barbados



St Lucia



Jamaica






Indian Ocean




Maldives



Mauritius



Seychelles



Sri Lanka






The Middle East




Dubai



Oman



United Arab Emirates





North Africa



Morocco








Holiday Types







Five Star Holidays



Island Hopping



Cruise and Stay



Luxury Crewed Yacht Charter



Luxury Rail Travel



Weddings Abroad



Something Different









All Inclusive Holidays



Family Friendly Holidays



Adult Only Holidays



Couples Holidays



Luxury Honeymoons



Multi-Centre Holidays








Hotel Collections







Hotel With Villas



Hotels with Spas



Hotels With Swim Up Rooms



Hotels With Private Pools



Boutique Hotels



Paradores







Offers




Contact us







Contact Us



About Us



Your Trusted Advisers



Booking with Sovereign



Our Brochure









Home



Destinations



Holiday Types



Hotel Collections



Offers



Contact us





















Luxury Malta Holidays

Sun-soaked history









Home



Sovereign Holidays


Malta





Your Search Results





Malta

You’ll find Malta floating in the Mediterranean Sea, just south of Sicily. It’s a bit of a crossroad of cultures, with influences from Africa, the Middle East and Europe. A rich and multicultural history has shaped the Malta you see today – centuries-old temples and palaces stand alongside Arab-style houses, and cobbled lanes are occasionally dotted with the odd red phone box.

Walk in the footsteps of the Knights Templar in World Heritage-listed Valletta, where ancient honey-coloured buildings line up along narrow cobblestone streets. Tour the 16th-century St John’s Co-Cathedral – its interior is adorned with gold, marble and intricate Baroque details. The capital also has a laid-back harbour area that’s perfect for people-watching.

Elsewhere along the coast, you’ll find relaxed seaside towns and villages, as well as a handful of beaches. Sand isn’t in ready supply, though, so often you’ll see bathing platforms set up next to the clear waters. Between Sliema and St Julian’s on the east coast, huge flat rocks act as sunbathing terraces, and have stairs down to the water for easy swimming access.

Make your way inland and you’ll discover ancient Megalithic temples (said to be the oldest freestanding structures in the world) and traditional countryside villages. Save some time for exploring Mdina, the island’s former capital. It’s a medieval walled city set high on a hill – views from here stretch across the countryside to the sea.








Destinations in Malta









St. Julian's

St. Julian's is a stylish harbour town that hasn’t lost sight of its roots, so you’ll find mansions, casinos and a polished promenade set against a bay full of fishing boats.



Find out more









Valletta

Valletta – the east coast capital of Malta – is a palatial city with a UNESCO-listed skyline of neoclassical church domes and golden cathedral spires.



Find out more









Things to do in Malta

Discover ancient temples

Make your way inland and you'll discover ancient Megalithic temples (said to be the oldest freestanding structures in the world) and traditional countryside villages. Save some time for exploring Mdina, the island's former capital. It's a medieval walled city set high on a hill - views from here stretch across the countryside to the sea.

Find out more





Things to do in Malta

Explore Valletta

Walk in the footsteps of the Knights Templar in UNESCO-listed Valletta, where ancient honey-coloured buildings line up along narrow cobblestone streets. Tour the 16th-century St John's Co-Cathedral - its interior is adorned with gold, marble and intricate baroque details. The capital also has a laid-back harbour area that's perfect for people-watching.

Find out more





Things to do in Malta

Visit Gozo and Comino

Gozo, Malta's less-frequented neighbour, is something of a find. It remains one of the most unspoilt islands in the Mediterranean, yet is also home to a handful of sophisticated restaurants. Gozo is also a diver’s paradise, with an inland sea to explore and offshore wrecks a reminder of the region’s warring past. The tiny island of Comino, halfway between Malta and Gozo, is a car-free zone. The almost uninhabited island is great for walkers and keen photographers. Mother Nature has really gone to town here, with the famous Blue Lagoon, stunning sea views and the scent of wild thyme in the air.


Find out more










Flight Information

Flight time from the UK to Malta is 3 hours and 15 minutes.




When to go

Malta benefits from almost perfect weather all year round. July through to September are the hottest months (think highs of around 30°C), while April through to June offers ideal temperatures to sightsee, with averages hovering in the early to mid-20s. The island’s less crowded then, too.




Visa Information

British citizens do not require a visa to visit Malta.



Tipping

It is customary to tip between five and 15% in hotels and restaurants where service is not included. Taxi drivers will appreciate it if you round up the fare. Tip hotel porters one euro per bag.



Introduction to languages


The official languages of Malta are Maltese and English.









Maltese specialities


Cuisine in Malta is often compared to Italian cuisine, which is a compliment in itself. Sicilian, North African and even English flavours make it onto your plate, along with typically Mediterranean ingredients like garlic and olive oil. Maltese food is seasonal and, perhaps unusually for an island, dishes are as likely to include meat as fish; rabbit is a much-loved favourite here. Stuffat tal-Fenek is a traditional rabbit and red wine stew. The rabbit is usually left to marinate in the wine overnight, then slow-cooked with bay leaves.






What to drink


Accompany your traditional Maltese meal with a bottle of the local wine. Malta’s wine industry is on the up, with several island varieties now available for you to grab at home. The indigenous grape varietals Ġellewża and Ghirghentina thrive under the Mediterranean sun, along with more famous grapes – from Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon to Chardonnay and Sauvignon Blanc.






Food & Drink










Frequently Asked Questions














What power plugs and sockets are used in Malta?







Malta shares the same type of power plugs and sockets as the UK three pin plugs (type G). The electricity supply is 230V and the standard frequency is 50Hz.










Our pick of the top hotels in Malta

Every one of our hotels is handpicked and personally visited by our team







Hilton Malta

Malta, St Julians







Find out more









Hotel Phoenicia

Malta, Valletta







Find out more









Le Meridien St Julians Hotel and Spa

Malta, St Julians







Find out more









The Grand Hotel Excelsior

Malta, Valletta







Find out more







View all hotels in Malta










What our customers think



We've been finding people their own slice of paradise for 45 years, and like to think we're pretty good at it.

Don't just take our word for it, though - see what our customers have said about their Sovereign experience..

Read customer reviews...









Call to book or speak to one of our Trusted Advisers
01293 762400*




The Sovereign Experience



About Us



Booking With Sovereign



Your Trusted Advisers



Airport Lounge Access



Your Holiday Is Protected





Already Booked?



Ways To Pay



Advance Passenger Information



FCO Travel Advice



Staying Safe Abroad



FAQs





Other



Terms and Policies



Privacy Policy



Our Family



Blog



Media enquiries and Press releases



Careers



Make-A-Wish







Award Winning Holidays from Sovereign












Connect with us



















Contact Us



Cookies Policy



Website Terms and Conditions



Agent login






Sovereign is a trading name of Specialist Holidays (Travel) Limited, which is part of the Travelopia Group of companies.
           Registered in England. Company Number: 446617. Registered Office: Origin One, 108 High Street, Crawley, West Sussex, RH10 1BD VAT Number: 252244234.





The Foreign Commonwealth Office and the NHS have up-to-date advice on staying safe and healthy abroad. For more on security, local laws, plus passport and visa information, see
https://travelaware.campaign.gov.uk/
. Keep informed of current travel health news by visiting
www.fitfortravel.nhs.uk
. For further information, please visit our "Travel Aware" information page at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/staying-safe-abroad/
.

Many of the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme but ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. Please see our booking conditions at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/
for information or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to:
http://www.caa.co.uk/atol-protection/
. We will provide you with financial protection for any package holidays you buy from us that do not include travel by air by way of a bond held by ABTA. For further information, visit the ABTA website at www.abta.com. If you book arrangements other than an ATOL protected flight or a package holiday, the financial protection referred to above does not apply. Our ATOL number is 0285 and our ABTA number is V4068.


*calls are charged at your provider's local or national rate.













Sign up for offers




Request a Quote




Request a Brochure













