
About Sovereign | Sovereign Luxury Travel



















Sovereign's Cookie Policy

This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are consenting to cookies being used. For information on cookies please see our
Cookies Policy
.



I agree







Toggle navigation












All hotels visited and approved by us.
Call our Trusted Advisers on:


01293 762400*


Call us between 9am -  8pm











Home




Destinations




Recommended




Tenerife



Ibiza



Lanzarote



Santorini



Sardinia



Madeira



Cancun



Phuket






Europe




Greece



Spain & The Canary Islands



Portugal



Cyprus



Turkey



Croatia



Italy



Malta






Far East




Bali



Thailand



Hong Kong



Singapore






Caribbean & Mexico




Mexico



Dominican Republic



Antigua



Barbados



St Lucia



Jamaica






Indian Ocean




Maldives



Mauritius



Seychelles



Sri Lanka






The Middle East




Dubai



Oman



United Arab Emirates





North Africa



Morocco








Holiday Types







Five Star Holidays



Island Hopping



Cruise and Stay



Luxury Crewed Yacht Charter



Luxury Rail Travel



Weddings Abroad



Something Different









All Inclusive Holidays



Family Friendly Holidays



Adult Only Holidays



Couples Holidays



Luxury Honeymoons



Multi-Centre Holidays








Hotel Collections







Hotel With Villas



Hotels with Spas



Hotels With Swim Up Rooms



Hotels With Private Pools



Boutique Hotels



Paradores







Offers




Contact us







Contact Us



About Us



Your Trusted Advisers



Booking with Sovereign



Our Brochure









Home



Destinations



Holiday Types



Hotel Collections



Offers



Contact us





















About Sovereign











Home


About us







The fine art of holiday making


We've been around for more than 45 years now, offering bespoke luxury holidays to handpicked hotels across the world.
Luxury means many things to many people and here at Sovereign we pride ourselves on ‘the fine art of holiday making’. It is no longer about simply creating a holiday that is different every time, it is about providing a service that goes above and beyond to create a totally personal holiday experience that stands apart from the rest. At Sovereign we turn service into an art form. There is such a thing as the perfect holiday, because we have knowledge, dedication and restless attention to detail.











The Sovereign Experience

From the start-to-finish service from your dedicated Trusted Adviser, to the complimentary UK airport lounge passes, find out
what makes a Sovereign holiday so special
.











Trusted Advisers

We make sure our Trusted Advisers know our hotels and destinations inside out, so they can recommend the best possible holiday for you. Want to know which room has the best sunset view? Or which beach is easiest to get to with a buggy? They can help.




Find out more










Standout service


Service is a huge part of what we do, and we like to make it as personal as possible. So we won't pass you from person to person - you'll have your own personal Trusted Adviser. They'll help you find your holiday, sort out all the arrangements and answer any questions you might have. While you're away, they'll also be on hand for any problems or questions.














Luxury as standard


All of our holidays include complimentary passes to UK airport lounges (so you can start your holiday in style), and hassle-free private transfers to and from your hotel come as part of the package too.












Tailored to you


All of our holidays can be personalised to your individual needs. If you see something you like the look of but it's not quite right, just let us know and we can refine it until it's exactly what you're after.















The Sovereign Blog


The Sovereign Blog is the place to go for a weekly dose of wanderlust - think dreamy photography, amazing hotels, beautiful destinations and the hottest trends in travel and lifestyle (plus plenty of insider tips from our team).




Find Out More









More for your money

Value is a big part of what we do. We work tirelessly to make sure we’re giving you more for your money, sourcing exclusive offers, upgrades and experiences, on top of our complimentary lounge passes and private resort transfers.



Find Out More











Book with confidence


We are fully ATOL and ABTA bonded and strictly managed by the Civil Aviation Authority (CAA), so when you book with us you can be confident that your money is safe. You can find out more about this on our holiday protection page.













Award-winning holidays

For the past few years, we’ve been lucky enough to win a number of British Travel Awards for our holidays. These awards are voted for by the public, so it’s always a real pleasure to be recognised. We were recently also a runner-up in the luxury family holiday category at the Family Traveller Awards.

































Find your perfect Sovereign holiday



























































What our customers think



We've been finding people their own slice of paradise for 45 years, and like to think we're pretty good at it.

Don't just take our word for it, though - see what our customers have said about their Sovereign experience..

Read customer reviews...









Call to book or speak to one of our Trusted Advisers
01293 762400*




The Sovereign Experience



About Us



Booking With Sovereign



Your Trusted Advisers



Airport Lounge Access



Your Holiday Is Protected





Already Booked?



Ways To Pay



Advance Passenger Information



FCO Travel Advice



Staying Safe Abroad



FAQs





Other



Terms and Policies



Privacy Policy



Our Family



Blog



Media enquiries and Press releases



Careers



Make-A-Wish







Award Winning Holidays from Sovereign












Connect with us



















Contact Us



Cookies Policy



Website Terms and Conditions



Agent login






Sovereign is a trading name of Specialist Holidays (Travel) Limited, which is part of the Travelopia Group of companies.
           Registered in England. Company Number: 446617. Registered Office: Origin One, 108 High Street, Crawley, West Sussex, RH10 1BD VAT Number: 252244234.





The Foreign Commonwealth Office and the NHS have up-to-date advice on staying safe and healthy abroad. For more on security, local laws, plus passport and visa information, see
https://travelaware.campaign.gov.uk/
. Keep informed of current travel health news by visiting
www.fitfortravel.nhs.uk
. For further information, please visit our "Travel Aware" information page at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/staying-safe-abroad/
.

Many of the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme but ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. Please see our booking conditions at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/
for information or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to:
http://www.caa.co.uk/atol-protection/
. We will provide you with financial protection for any package holidays you buy from us that do not include travel by air by way of a bond held by ABTA. For further information, visit the ABTA website at www.abta.com. If you book arrangements other than an ATOL protected flight or a package holiday, the financial protection referred to above does not apply. Our ATOL number is 0285 and our ABTA number is V4068.


*calls are charged at your provider's local or national rate.













Sign up for offers




Request a Quote




Request a Brochure













