
Palma & Port Soller Multi-Centre Holiday | Sovereign




















Sovereign's Cookie Policy

This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are consenting to cookies being used. For information on cookies please see our
Cookies Policy
.



I agree







Toggle navigation












All hotels visited and approved by us.
Call our Trusted Advisers on:


01293 762400*


Call us between 9am -  8pm











Home




Destinations




Recommended




Tenerife



Ibiza



Lanzarote



Santorini



Sardinia



Madeira



Cancun



Phuket






Europe




Greece



Spain & The Canary Islands



Portugal



Cyprus



Turkey



Croatia



Italy



Malta






Far East




Bali



Thailand



Hong Kong



Singapore






Caribbean & Mexico




Mexico



Dominican Republic



Antigua



Barbados



St Lucia



Jamaica






Indian Ocean




Maldives



Mauritius



Seychelles



Sri Lanka






The Middle East




Dubai



Oman



United Arab Emirates





North Africa



Morocco








Holiday Types







Five Star Holidays



Island Hopping



Cruise and Stay



Luxury Crewed Yacht Charter



Luxury Rail Travel



Weddings Abroad



Something Different









All Inclusive Holidays



Family Friendly Holidays



Adult Only Holidays



Couples Holidays



Luxury Honeymoons



Multi-Centre Holidays








Hotel Collections







Hotel With Villas



Hotels with Spas



Hotels With Swim Up Rooms



Hotels With Private Pools



Boutique Hotels



Paradores







Offers




Contact us







Contact Us



About Us



Your Trusted Advisers



Booking with Sovereign



Our Brochure









Home



Destinations



Holiday Types



Hotel Collections



Offers



Contact us





















11
              day itinerary from


£ 1975

per person



Call our Trusted Advisers for more information on this itinerary.


01293 762400*










Palma & Port Soller











Home



Luxury Holiday Types



Multi-centre holidays


Palma & Port Soller










Sleepy Port Soller has been an escape for Majorcan city dwellers since Victorian times. Follow the locals’ footsteps on this trip, starting in the grand capital of Palma and ending up among the panoramic hotels and family-run restaurants of Port Soller.








At a glance


Experience city and seaside

Marvel at Palma Cathedral

Ride the vintage Port Soller trams

Follow hiking trails in the Tramuntana Mountains










Days 1-3

Palma

Fly straight into Palma, where your trip begins. This stately island capital hides in plain sight – most visitors fly in and bounce straight to a beach resort or mountain village.

But this itinerary gives you the chance to dig deep into a lively Spanish city that deals out a Gothic cathedral and royal palaces.

Palma doesn’t stint on views, either. Climb up to Bellver Castle for bird’s-eye vistas or take a market picnic and a bottle of Majorcan red to the harbour-view Parc de la Mer.







Day 4

Palma - Port Soller

A transfer picks you up from Palma and takes you to Port Soller.

This is small-town Majorca – a friendly fishing port and little sister to Soller, which sits a few miles uphill.

Settle in to your hotel and take in the views over the calm harbour (perhaps with G&T made with gin from the neighbouring isle of Menorca).











Days 5-10

Port Soller

Port Soller might be small, but its to-do list is long. It’s something of a relaxed retreat, so activities involve leapfrogging between the paella restaurants along the bay and chartering boats to explore the turquoise
calas
along the coast. And you can’t miss the vintage trams – these bright-orange carriages climb into the mountains to Port de Soller’s second town centre in the mountains.

You’ll also find that walking boots and cycling lycra are practically a uniform in Port de Soller. Do a quick march up the headlands bookending the bay or clamber to Tramuntana villages like Valldemossa and Deia.







Day 11

Port Soller - UK

On day 11, make the most of your last day on the island with an al fresco lunch and a walk along the harbour-front.

When it's time to head home, take the easy route with a private transfer back to Palma de Mallorca Airport.
















Days 1-3



Day 4



Days 5-10



Day 11














Interested in this holiday? To book or for more information, call our Trusted Advisers on
01293 762400*
.

















What our customers think



We've been finding people their own slice of paradise for 45 years, and like to think we're pretty good at it.

Don't just take our word for it, though - see what our customers have said about their Sovereign experience..

Read customer reviews...









Call to book or speak to one of our Trusted Advisers
01293 762400*




The Sovereign Experience



About Us



Booking With Sovereign



Your Trusted Advisers



Airport Lounge Access



Your Holiday Is Protected





Already Booked?



Ways To Pay



Advance Passenger Information



FCO Travel Advice



Staying Safe Abroad



FAQs





Other



Terms and Policies



Privacy Policy



Our Family



Blog



Media enquiries and Press releases



Careers



Make-A-Wish







Award Winning Holidays from Sovereign












Connect with us



















Contact Us



Cookies Policy



Website Terms and Conditions



Agent login






Sovereign is a trading name of Specialist Holidays (Travel) Limited, which is part of the Travelopia Group of companies.
           Registered in England. Company Number: 446617. Registered Office: Origin One, 108 High Street, Crawley, West Sussex, RH10 1BD VAT Number: 252244234.





The Foreign Commonwealth Office and the NHS have up-to-date advice on staying safe and healthy abroad. For more on security, local laws, plus passport and visa information, see
https://travelaware.campaign.gov.uk/
. Keep informed of current travel health news by visiting
www.fitfortravel.nhs.uk
. For further information, please visit our "Travel Aware" information page at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/staying-safe-abroad/
.

Many of the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme but ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. Please see our booking conditions at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/
for information or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to:
http://www.caa.co.uk/atol-protection/
. We will provide you with financial protection for any package holidays you buy from us that do not include travel by air by way of a bond held by ABTA. For further information, visit the ABTA website at www.abta.com. If you book arrangements other than an ATOL protected flight or a package holiday, the financial protection referred to above does not apply. Our ATOL number is 0285 and our ABTA number is V4068.


*calls are charged at your provider's local or national rate.













Sign up for offers




Request a Quote




Request a Brochure















