
Privacy Policy | Sovereign



















Sovereign's Cookie Policy

This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are consenting to cookies being used. For information on cookies please see our
Cookies Policy
.



I agree







Toggle navigation












All hotels visited and approved by us.
Call our Trusted Advisers on:


01293 762400*


Call us between 9am -  8pm











Home




Destinations




Recommended




Tenerife



Ibiza



Lanzarote



Santorini



Sardinia



Madeira



Cancun



Phuket






Europe




Greece



Spain & The Canary Islands



Portugal



Cyprus



Turkey



Croatia



Italy



Malta






Far East




Bali



Thailand



Hong Kong



Singapore






Caribbean & Mexico




Mexico



Dominican Republic



Antigua



Barbados



St Lucia



Jamaica






Indian Ocean




Maldives



Mauritius



Seychelles



Sri Lanka






The Middle East




Dubai



Oman



United Arab Emirates





North Africa



Morocco








Holiday Types







Five Star Holidays



Island Hopping



Cruise and Stay



Luxury Crewed Yacht Charter



Luxury Rail Travel



Weddings Abroad



Something Different









All Inclusive Holidays



Family Friendly Holidays



Adult Only Holidays



Couples Holidays



Luxury Honeymoons



Multi-Centre Holidays








Hotel Collections







Hotel With Villas



Hotels with Spas



Hotels With Swim Up Rooms



Hotels With Private Pools



Boutique Hotels



Paradores







Offers




Contact us







Contact Us



About Us



Your Trusted Advisers



Booking with Sovereign



Our Brochure









Home



Destinations



Holiday Types



Hotel Collections



Offers



Contact us





















Privacy Policy











Home



About us



Terms and Policies











Specialist Holidays Limited's Privacy Policy sets out what information we collect, how we collect it, and what we do with it. Our Privacy Policy applies to you and is available on our website and through other channels. In all your dealings with us you must ensure that others you represent are aware of the content of our Privacy Policy and consent to your acting on their behalf.



Information about you



Use of tools/"cookies" and links to other websites



Monitoring



Security statement



Changes to this policy



Information about you

Your Information

This refers to a combination of information such as your name, contact details, travel preferences and special needs/disabilities/dietary requirements that you supply us or is supplied to us, including your social preferences, interests and activities and any information about other persons you represent (such as those on your booking). Your information is collected when you request information from us, contact us (and vice versa), make a booking, use our website(s)/apps, link to or from our website(s)/apps, connect with us via social media and any other engagement we or our business partners have with you.

We will update your information whenever we can to keep it current, accurate and complete.

Our Use of Your Information

(1) For the purpose of providing you with our services, including your flight, holiday, security, incident/accident management or insurance, etc., we may disclose and process your information outside the UK/EEA. In order for you to travel abroad, it may be
mandatory
(as required by government authorities at the point(s) of departure and/or destination) to disclose and process your information for immigration, border control, security and anti-terrorism purposes, or any other purposes which they determine appropriate. Some countries will only permit travel if you provide your advance passenger data (for example Caricom API and US secure flight data). These requirements may differ depending on your destination and you are advised to check. Even if not mandatory, we may exercise our discretion to assist where appropriate.

(2) We may collect and process your information for the purposes set out below and in our registration with the Office of the Information Commissioner, and disclose the same to our group companies for business purposes and also to companies and our service providers who act as "data processors" on our behalf, or to credit and fraud agencies (some of whom are located outside the UK/EEA). These purposes include administration, service, quality and improvement-related activities, customer care, product innovation and choice, business management, operation and efficiencies, re-organisation/structuring/sale of our business (or group companies), risk assessment/management, security, fraud and crime prevention/detection, monitoring, research and analysis, social media, reviews, advertising and marketing, loyalty programmes, profiling customer purchasing preferences, activities and trends, dispute resolution/litigation, credit checking and debt collection.

(3) Information (such as health or religion) may be considered "sensitive personal data" under the Data Protection Act 1998. We collect it to provide you with our services, cater to your needs or act in your interest, and we are only prepared to accept sensitive personal data on the condition that we have your
positive consent
. By booking with us you also agree for your insurers, their agents and medical staff to exchange
relevant
information and sensitive personal data with us in circumstances where we/they need to act on your behalf or in the interest of passengers or in an emergency.

If you do not agree to Our Use of Your Information above, we cannot engage/do business with you or accept your booking.

Marketing Material

(1) Using your information, we may from time to time contact you with or make available to you (directly or indirectly) information on offers of goods and services, brochures, new products, forthcoming events or competitions from our holiday divisions and our group companies. We will tailor the information you receive or see; this will enable us to make available to you more personalised and relevant communications. We may use innovative technologies and work with business partners to achieve this.

(2) We will assume you agree to email when you make an e-booking or provide us with your email in other situations such as in-store, competitions, promotions, prize draws and social media.

(3) If you do not wish to receive such information or would like to change your preference, please refer to point (2) of "Your Rights" below.

Your Rights

(1) On completing our Data Subject Access Request form, you are entitled to a copy of the information we hold about you (for a £10 fee) and to correct any inaccuracies.

(2) You have the right to ask in writing not to receive direct marketing material from us. If available, you can amend your previous preference on our website(s), use our "unsubscribe email", opt-out of personalised emails or refer to our literature containing instructions. Once properly notified by you, we will take steps to stop using your information in this way.

(3) For a list of relevant brands, please send us your request.

Please write to Travelopia, Legal Department, Origin One, 108 High Street, Crawley, West Sussex, RH10 1BD.

Foreign Controls

Outside the European Economic Area (EEA), data protection controls may not be as strong as the legal requirements in this country.

Back to top ^

Use of tools/"cookies" and links to other websites

If our contact and dealing with you is via our website(s) or other e-platforms where our advertising is displayed, cookies may be used. To find out more about the types of cookies on our website(s), how we use cookies, to disable them or to change your preference and more, please refer to the information provided on our website(s). Other e-platforms may have different options and instructions.
By using our website(s), you consent to our use of cookies
.

Our website(s) may contain links to third party websites or micro-sites not controlled or owned by us. For example, reference sites or ancillary products and services sites or websites owned by our sister companies. It is your responsibility to check the status of these sites before using them. Please read their applicable terms and conditions, etc. carefully.

Back to top ^

Monitoring

To ensure that we carry out your instructions accurately, improve our service and for security and fraud, we may review, monitor and/or record: (1) telephone calls; (2) activities using CCTV in and around our premises; (3) transactions and activities at all points of contact; and (4) web, social media and app traffic, activities, etc. All recordings and derivative materials are and shall remain our sole property.

Back to top ^

Security statement

We have taken all reasonable steps and have in place appropriate security measures to protect your information.

Back to top ^

Changes to this policy

Any changes to this Policy will be either posted on our website, brochure and/or made available on request.

Back to top ^














What our customers think



We've been finding people their own slice of paradise for 45 years, and like to think we're pretty good at it.

Don't just take our word for it, though - see what our customers have said about their Sovereign experience..

Read customer reviews...









Call to book or speak to one of our Trusted Advisers
01293 762400*




The Sovereign Experience



About Us



Booking With Sovereign



Your Trusted Advisers



Airport Lounge Access



Your Holiday Is Protected





Already Booked?



Ways To Pay



Advance Passenger Information



FCO Travel Advice



Staying Safe Abroad



FAQs





Other



Terms and Policies



Privacy Policy



Our Family



Blog



Media enquiries and Press releases



Careers



Make-A-Wish







Award Winning Holidays from Sovereign












Connect with us



















Contact Us



Cookies Policy



Website Terms and Conditions



Agent login






Sovereign is a trading name of Specialist Holidays (Travel) Limited, which is part of the Travelopia Group of companies.
           Registered in England. Company Number: 446617. Registered Office: Origin One, 108 High Street, Crawley, West Sussex, RH10 1BD VAT Number: 252244234.





The Foreign Commonwealth Office and the NHS have up-to-date advice on staying safe and healthy abroad. For more on security, local laws, plus passport and visa information, see
https://travelaware.campaign.gov.uk/
. Keep informed of current travel health news by visiting
www.fitfortravel.nhs.uk
. For further information, please visit our "Travel Aware" information page at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/staying-safe-abroad/
.

Many of the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme but ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. Please see our booking conditions at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/
for information or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to:
http://www.caa.co.uk/atol-protection/
. We will provide you with financial protection for any package holidays you buy from us that do not include travel by air by way of a bond held by ABTA. For further information, visit the ABTA website at www.abta.com. If you book arrangements other than an ATOL protected flight or a package holiday, the financial protection referred to above does not apply. Our ATOL number is 0285 and our ABTA number is V4068.


*calls are charged at your provider's local or national rate.













Sign up for offers




Request a Quote




Request a Brochure













