
Luxury Tenerife Holidays 2018/2019 | Sovereign



















Sovereign's Cookie Policy

This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are consenting to cookies being used. For information on cookies please see our
Cookies Policy
.



I agree







Toggle navigation












All hotels visited and approved by us.
Call our Trusted Advisers on:


01293 762400*


Call us between 9am -  8pm











Home




Destinations




Recommended




Tenerife



Ibiza



Lanzarote



Santorini



Sardinia



Madeira



Cancun



Phuket






Europe




Greece



Spain & The Canary Islands



Portugal



Cyprus



Turkey



Croatia



Italy



Malta






Far East




Bali



Thailand



Hong Kong



Singapore






Caribbean & Mexico




Mexico



Dominican Republic



Antigua



Barbados



St Lucia



Jamaica






Indian Ocean




Maldives



Mauritius



Seychelles



Sri Lanka






The Middle East




Dubai



Oman



United Arab Emirates





North Africa



Morocco








Holiday Types







Five Star Holidays



Island Hopping



Cruise and Stay



Luxury Crewed Yacht Charter



Luxury Rail Travel



Weddings Abroad



Something Different









All Inclusive Holidays



Family Friendly Holidays



Adult Only Holidays



Couples Holidays



Luxury Honeymoons



Multi-Centre Holidays








Hotel Collections







Hotel With Villas



Hotels with Spas



Hotels With Swim Up Rooms



Hotels With Private Pools



Boutique Hotels



Paradores







Offers




Contact us







Contact Us



About Us



Your Trusted Advisers



Booking with Sovereign



Our Brochure









Home



Destinations



Holiday Types



Hotel Collections



Offers



Contact us





















Luxury Tenerife Holidays

Golden shores and volcanic landscapes









Home



Sovereign Holidays



Spain


Tenerife





Your Search Results





Tenerife


With its sandy beaches, diverse scenery and year-round sunshine (even in January, you can expect the mercury to hit 20 degrees), Tenerife has been drawing in holidaymakers for decades.

The south is where you'll find the bigger resorts like Costa Adeje, Playa Paraiso and Playa de las Americas, as well as the island’s best beaches. The north of the island, meanwhile, showcases a lush landscape and a more traditional feel (particularly during February’s colourful carnival celebrations).

Standing tall in the centre of the island is Mount Teide, Spain's highest peak. It's set in a UNESCO-listed national park, which is covered in moon-like lava formations.

The island has plenty to keep you busy, from golf courses and whale-watching trips (pilot whales, sperm whales and bottlenose dolphins cruise the waters around here), to mountain hikes. Tenerife also flaunts one of Europe's biggest waterparks, Thai-inspired Siam Park.












Claire Wood

Why not try whale and dolphin watching? The clear waters off Los Gigantes are home to a variety of species of whales and dolphins - particularly bottlenose dolphins and pilot whales. Take a boat to go and try and spot them in their natural habitat. We can’t guarantee a sighting, but we know the odds are pretty good!


Find Out More








Destinations in Tenerife









Costa Adeje

Costa Adeje drapes itself over the sheer south-west coast of Tenerife. It’s the leisurely neighbour of Playa de las Americas, offering clifftop hotels above and petite sandy beaches below.



Find out more









Guia De Isora

Westerly Guia de Isora stretches from the inland town centre, with its whitewashed church and green-shuttered houses, to the beach-lined coast. It dishes up designer hotels along the way, too.



Find out more









Playa De Las Americas

Playa de las Americas offers a full deck of award-winning beaches, no-holds-barred hotels and evening shows that’s kept it on the map since the 1960s.



Find out more









Playa Paraiso

Follow the snaking coastline north from Costa Adeje, and you’ll stumble across Playa Paraiso – a collection of high-end hotels and cliffside bars arranged around deep-cut sandy bays.



Find out more









Puerto De La Cruz

Puerto de la Cruz was once a retreat for well-heeled Victorians. It still has a polished look, laying out a smart promenade alongside volcanic beaches.



Find out more









Search for your holiday here





Your Search Results





Things to do in Tenerife

Scale Mount Teide

The tallest peak in Spain, Mount Teide, towers over Tenerife, and comes surrounded by a wild volcanic landscape. Take a cable car up to its highest point and you'll be treated to views over the island and across the water to neighbouring Gran Canaria and La Gomera. Even the drive up to the cable car is scenic. Rent a car to pick a route via little alpine towns like Vilaflor – an arrangement of typically Canarian houses and a church – and bizarre off-planet rock formations.

Find out more





Things to do in Tenerife

Brave the slides at Siam Park

TripAdvisor reviewers have voted Siam Park the best waterpark in the world. And it’s no wonder – this is one of the biggest waterparks in Europe, racking up everything from white-knuckle multi-riders and helter-skelters to swimming pools and sun terraces. Adrenaline junkies should check out the banana-shaped slopes of Kinnaree or the high-speed Mekong Rapids. You can also take the plunge on the zero gravity Dragon slide or the iconic nine-storey-high Tower of Power. Elsewhere, The Lost City serves up a dedicated splash area with waterfalls and miniature chutes for little children.

Find out more





Things to do in Tenerife

Explore Santa Cruz

The capital of Tenerife, Santa Cruz, is well worth a visit. You'll find handsome historic buildings, pastel-painted houses, and stacks of shops and restaurants. The Auditorio de Tenerife hosts musicals and gigs in its wave-like concert hall. Or you could always wander around the palm tree collections of the Palmetum of Santa Cruz de Tenerife botanical gardens. If you're visiting in February or March, you might be lucky enough to catch the colourful Carnival of Santa Cruz de Tenerife – the biggest fiesta in the Canary Islands.

Find out more






Our pick of the top hotels in Tenerife

Every one of our hotels is handpicked and personally visited by our team




Recommended




Hotel Bahia del Duque

Tenerife, Costa Adeje







Find out more









Sheraton La Caleta Resort & Spa

Tenerife, Costa Adeje







Find out more






Recommended




Iberostar Grand Hotel El Mirador

Tenerife, Costa Adeje







Find out more






Recommended




The Ritz-Carlton, Abama

Tenerife, Guia de Isora







Find out more









Iberostar Anthelia

Tenerife, Costa Adeje







Find out more









Hotel Jardines de Nivaria

Tenerife, Costa Adeje







Find out more







View all hotels in Tenerife



Tenerife Specialities


Tenerife’s cuisine has its roots in Spanish and Mediterranean cooking, with African and Latin American influences. Seafood lovers, be on the lookout for succulent giant prawns, mussels and octopus, as well as sardines generally baked or grilled and served simply with salt and lemon juice. If you want to try some real Tenerife dishes, look out for cabra con papas (goat stew with potatoes), vieja (parrotfish) and puchero, a mix of spicy chorizo, beans and potato.








Food & Drink








Typical Costs





Bottle of beer

€2-3






Bus return

€5-7






Cup of coffee

€1.50-2.50






Glass of wine

€3.50-4.50






Main course

€14-16






Small souvenir

€8-10







Flight Information

Flight time from the UK to Tenerife is around 4 hours 30 minutes.




When to go

Tenerife enjoys a classic Canarian climate: hot sunshine, all year round. You’ll get around 11 hours of sunshine a day throughout summer, which starts warming up around April and regularly pushes into the low 30s around July. Even in the off season, it’s unlikely to fall below the low-to-mid teens.




Visa Information

Currently visas are not required for UK citizens travelling to Spain.




Tipping

Restaurant bills include a service charge by law in Spain, so whether you choose to tip further is up to you. If you enjoyed the meal and service, it is customary to leave 5-10%. Hotel porters and maids will appreciate a small tip, and while taxi drivers don’t require a tip, it’s common to round up the fare.




Introduction to languages

The official language of Spain is Spanish. English is widely spoken too, so getting by is easy.















What our customers think



We've been finding people their own slice of paradise for 45 years, and like to think we're pretty good at it.

Don't just take our word for it, though - see what our customers have said about their Sovereign experience..

Read customer reviews...









Call to book or speak to one of our Trusted Advisers
01293 762400*




The Sovereign Experience



About Us



Booking With Sovereign



Your Trusted Advisers



Airport Lounge Access



Your Holiday Is Protected





Already Booked?



Ways To Pay



Advance Passenger Information



FCO Travel Advice



Staying Safe Abroad



FAQs





Other



Terms and Policies



Privacy Policy



Our Family



Blog



Media enquiries and Press releases



Careers



Make-A-Wish







Award Winning Holidays from Sovereign












Connect with us



















Contact Us



Cookies Policy



Website Terms and Conditions



Agent login






Sovereign is a trading name of Specialist Holidays (Travel) Limited, which is part of the Travelopia Group of companies.
           Registered in England. Company Number: 446617. Registered Office: Origin One, 108 High Street, Crawley, West Sussex, RH10 1BD VAT Number: 252244234.





The Foreign Commonwealth Office and the NHS have up-to-date advice on staying safe and healthy abroad. For more on security, local laws, plus passport and visa information, see
https://travelaware.campaign.gov.uk/
. Keep informed of current travel health news by visiting
www.fitfortravel.nhs.uk
. For further information, please visit our "Travel Aware" information page at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/staying-safe-abroad/
.

Many of the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme but ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. Please see our booking conditions at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/
for information or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to:
http://www.caa.co.uk/atol-protection/
. We will provide you with financial protection for any package holidays you buy from us that do not include travel by air by way of a bond held by ABTA. For further information, visit the ABTA website at www.abta.com. If you book arrangements other than an ATOL protected flight or a package holiday, the financial protection referred to above does not apply. Our ATOL number is 0285 and our ABTA number is V4068.


*calls are charged at your provider's local or national rate.













Sign up for offers




Request a Quote




Request a Brochure













