
Cookies Policy | Sovereign



















Sovereign's Cookie Policy

This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are consenting to cookies being used. For information on cookies please see our
Cookies Policy
.



I agree







Toggle navigation












All hotels visited and approved by us.
Call our Trusted Advisers on:


01293 762400*


Call us between 9am -  8pm











Home




Destinations




Recommended




Tenerife



Ibiza



Lanzarote



Santorini



Sardinia



Madeira



Cancun



Phuket






Europe




Greece



Spain & The Canary Islands



Portugal



Cyprus



Turkey



Croatia



Italy



Malta






Far East




Bali



Thailand



Hong Kong



Singapore






Caribbean & Mexico




Mexico



Dominican Republic



Antigua



Barbados



St Lucia



Jamaica






Indian Ocean




Maldives



Mauritius



Seychelles



Sri Lanka






The Middle East




Dubai



Oman



United Arab Emirates





North Africa



Morocco








Holiday Types







Five Star Holidays



Island Hopping



Cruise and Stay



Luxury Crewed Yacht Charter



Luxury Rail Travel



Weddings Abroad



Something Different









All Inclusive Holidays



Family Friendly Holidays



Adult Only Holidays



Couples Holidays



Luxury Honeymoons



Multi-Centre Holidays








Hotel Collections







Hotel With Villas



Hotels with Spas



Hotels With Swim Up Rooms



Hotels With Private Pools



Boutique Hotels



Paradores







Offers




Contact us







Contact Us



About Us



Your Trusted Advisers



Booking with Sovereign



Our Brochure









Home



Destinations



Holiday Types



Hotel Collections



Offers



Contact us





















Statements On Cookies











Home



About us



Terms and Policies











By using our website, you agree to our
Website Terms and Conditions
.

Take a look at our
Privacy Policy
to find out more on how we collect and use personal data.

When you visit our websites we use cookies. Cookies allow us to identify the computer or device you're using to access our websites - but we can't identify you personally.

You can set up your web browser to refuse cookies, but this means you won't be able to book on our website or use all of its features.


What we use cookies for

Types of cookies we use

What are cookies?

How we use cookies

Refusing cookies and changing your mind after you've accepted

Find out more on cookies


What we use cookies for


Storing what's in your shopping basket:
This allows you to buy holidays with us.

Collecting information:
This means we can learn more about how you use our website so we can improve our products and online experience.

Tailoring your experience:
Cookies allow us to provide you with information, products and services that we think you'll find interesting.

Making our marketing relevant:
We can show you relevant offers and promotions on our own websites and through our advertising networks.


Email newsletters

If you receive our email updates, we tailor the information we send you based on the data our cookies have collected from your recent visits to our website. You can opt-out of this in any email we send.

Back to top ^

Types of cookies we use

Here are the types of cookies our websites use and some more details about what they're used for:




Application cookies



These cookies allow us to make sure you get the best possible experience on our website. They're essential for you to be able to search and buy online with us.



Google

Google stores user preferences and information when viewing pages that contain a Google feature including (but not limited to) maps and custom search.



has_js

Indicates the status of JavaScript within your browser e.g. enabled or disabled.



JSESSIONID / SESS / ASPSESSIONID

This cookie is set when you arrive at the website and is used to allow you to search & book holidays. Without this cookie you will not be able to use this website.



Feedback Survey

Similar to JSESSIONID this cookie is set when you arrive at the feedback part of the website. Without this cookie you will not be able to submit your feedback.



sIFR Flash Fonts

sIFR fonts are used within Flash. The cookie, sifrFetch, is set to indicate whether the browser supports Flash or not and therefore if sIFR fonts will work or not.



Client Login

Maintains a users session after logging into the post-booking client area.



WorldPay, DataCash

Certain pages use the secure payment portals provided by either DataCash or WorldPay.



AddThis

We use AddThis to enable customers to share our site content via social media tools such as Twitter and Facebook. This cookie doesn't contain any personally identifiable information.
To opt out of receiving these cookies please visit
www.addthis.com/privacy
. The individual social networks may set their own cookies too.



BIGipServer

These cookies are generated by load balancers in our hosting cluster. They are used only to keep your site accesses on the same server in our cluster for the duration of your visit. This is a technical requirement relating to how our sites are constructed and is normal for many sites across the Internet.



Behavioural cookies



Behavioural Cookies help us provide you with an online experience that's tailored to your needs. They help us show you the most relevant content, based on your preferences.



flags

This stores your 'Holiday Thoughts' allowing your preferences to be present for subsequent visits to the site.



Saved Accommodation

This cookie stores which hotels you have chosen to save on this website.



Recent Searches

This cookie stores details of your recent searches and is used to display the "Recent Searches" feature on this website.



Photo Competition

This cookie allows us to remember which photo you voted for and prevent fraudulent activity to artificially improve the results.



Help (Get Satisfaction)

The cookies set for Get Satisfaction help to identify our account holders and keep track of your preferences. They use aggregated, anonymous data to measure total audience size and traffic as well as conduct research to improve the Get Satisfaction Service.
See
getsatisfaction.com/privacy
for more details.



Desktop/Mobile

This cookie remembers which version of the website you are viewing, desktop or mobile.



Analytical cookies



These cookies help us understand how our customers are using the website, so we can make things better.
We also monitor which of our marketing activities generates traffic to our websites using cookies. We use this data to reward our partners if you make a booking with us.



Adobe SiteCatalyst, comScore / Sitestat

These cookies enable us to collect aggregated visitor information including the number of visits, page views and traffic from marketing activity. The data stored in these cookies is only used internally.



Tealeaf

These cookies contain data to analyse a user's actions across our website. The data stored in these cookies is only used internally.



ResponseTap

This cookie enables us to track the interaction between our website and sales centre to help us improve customer experience. The data collected is anonymous and only used internally.



Yahoo

These cookies enable us to collect anonymous, aggregated visitor information including the number of visits, page views and traffic from marketing activity. The data stored in these cookies is only used internally.



Tagman, Convertro, Tealium

We use Tagman, Convertro and Tealium for tracking our marketing activity. The data collected is anonymous and only used internally.



Visual Website Optimizer

Visual Website Optimizer uses cookies to monitor performance of website design and function changes. The cookies are used to keep track of the Variation that a user has seen, the goals a user has completed and even the fact the user has become a part of the test or not. The data collected is anonymous and only used internally. More info:
http://visualwebsiteoptimizer.com/split-testing-blog/eu-cookie-law-implications/



Marketing cookies



Marketing cookies can be used by us and our partners. They allow us to interact with you once you've left our website - by showing you adverts for example - to help you find the holiday that's right for you.



Search Engines: Google, Bing, Yahoo etc

The cookies used for search engines allow us to monitor and enhance the performance of paid-for marketing activity. The data collected is anonymous and only used internally.



Affiliates: Commission Junction, Affiliate Future

These cookies provide us with information to monitor the performance of specially selected marketers, advertisers and publishers and help better serve and manage offers and ads across the web.

www.cj.com/privacy_web_user.html



TripAdvisor (SpotLight)

The cookies allow us to monitor and enhance the performance of paid-for marketing activity via TripAdvisor. The data collected is anonymous and only used internally.



FloodLight

The cookies allow us to monitor and enhance the performance of paid-for marketing activity via selected third parties. The data collected is anonymous and only used internally.



Quantcast

Helps us measure and verify the size of our audience in different parts of the world for advertising. No personally identifiable information is stored. If you would prefer not to allow Quantcast cookies, you can manage your preferences at
https://www.quantcast.com/how-we-do-it/consumer-choice/opt-out/



Third Party Advertising Networks (Display Advertising) including Right Media, MediaMath, Telegraph etc

These cookies allow us to track which adverts have driven traffic to our website. The information collected by these cookies is anonymous.



Criteo

Criteo shows personalised adverts when you are on some other websites based on the holidays that you've viewed on this website. The information collected by these cookies is anonymous.
To opt out of receiving these cookies please visit
www.criteo.com/en/privacy-policy/opt-out



Adobe Adlens (formerly Efficient Frontier)

Adobe AdLens uses cookies to provide you with relevant content and advertising. Their technology automates the bid optimisation process and enables us to manage our search campaigns.



Adobe SiteCatalyst HBX (Hitbox)

Hitbox delivers long term tracking cookies; as part of Adobes's SiteCatalyst HBX application.



Rocket Fuel

Third party provider of targeted online ad network. The cookies allow us to monitor and enhance the performance of paid-for marketing activity via selected third parties. All information collected is anonymous. For more information please visit:
http://rocketfuel.com/privacy-policy




By using our websites, you agree to us using cookies as set out in our Statement on Cookies.

Back to top ^

Cookies - The Lowdown

Read through this section for all you need to know about what cookies are and how we use them.

What are cookies?

Cookies are small text files placed on your computer by us or our partners. They let us identify the device you're using - but not you personally. This information is sent back to our systems as you move around our website.

Cookies are unique to the web browser you're using - so if you're using a desktop computer as well as a mobile, different data will be collected for each.

You can find more information on the About Cookies website at
www.aboutcookies.org
.

Cookies can be set by the owner of the website you're on. These are known as 1st Party Cookies. There are also 3rd Party Cookies that can be set by partner websites. Only the owner of the cookie can see the anonymous information it collects.

You can choose to accept all cookies, reject 3rd Party Cookies or reject all cookies by changing your internet browser settings. If you don't accept cookies, some features of our website won't work. For example, you won't be able to make a booking.

Back to top ^

How we use cookies

We may use cookies to find out more about how you use our website - like the searches you make and your preferences. We use this information to:


Make it possible for you to use our website

Show you information and offers that are relevant to you

Find out more about how our customers use the site


Buying our products online

When you're buying something on our website, we need to use cookies to keep track of what you're booking as you move through each stage of the booking process.

Keeping track of your searches and preferences

Your recent searches and shortlisted holidays are recorded using cookies.

If you've searched for a holiday, left our website and then you come back later, the search panel will keep the information you provided before, so you won't need to fill everything in again.

If you've made a shortlist but you haven't saved it by entering your email address, we'll store your shortlisted holidays using a cookie, so you'll be able to see it when you visit us again using the same computer or device.

Improving your experience

We use cookies and software programmes to record, measure and analyse how our customers use our website. We use this information to understand what you want from our website, which helps us when we're considering future products like flight routes and holidays.

We can also find out how you move around our website, so we can look into any errors stopping you from being able to do what you want. The data we collect from cookies is really important for us to improve your experience.

Making your experience personal

When you're on our website, we might interact with you or show you personalised information and offers anonymously. Cookies help us to do this by letting us know how you're using our website on your particular computer or device, which means we can work out what's most relevant to you.

For example, we've got more than one million holidays available at any time, but we can use cookies to suggest things like holidays from your nearest airport, destinations you've shown interest in, or products you might like.

Receive our email newsletters? We link information from cookies with your email registration details so we can tailor the information we send you - unless you tell us not to. You'll be given the chance to opt-out on every email we send you.

Adverts on other websites

If you visit one of our partner sites, you might see an advert that's relevant to what you searched for when you last visited our own site.  We work with advertising networks who use cookies to collect information on your preferences, meaning we can show adverts tailored to you.

Back to top ^

Refusing cookies and changing your mind after you've accepted

Refusing cookies

You can change your browser settings to accept or refuse all cookies, choose which cookies you want or don't want, or ask to be notified when a cookie is set. Use the help feature in your browser to see how.

Changing your mind after you've accepted our cookies

If you change your mind after you've accepted our cookies, you'll find an option within your internet browser to clear cookies that have already been set. Use the help feature in your browser to see how. You'll then need to change your browser settings to refuse cookies in future.

More details on how to refuse cookies

Take a look at the websites of Pinsent Masons law firm at
www.aboutcookies.org
or the Internet Advertising Bureau at
www.youronlinechoices.com/uk
for independent information on cookies - including how to refuse or delete them from your computer or device.

Just so you know, you won't be able to benefit from all the features of our website and email newsletters or book online with us if you refuse cookies.

Back to top ^

Find out more on cookies

Take a look at these websites for more information on cookies:

Independent advice

Pinsent Masons law firm -
www.aboutcookies.org
Internet Advertising Bureau -
www.youronlinechoices.com/uk


Information from our agencies and partners

Adobe -
Adobe Flash Player Documentation
Google Analytics -
Google Analytics Cookies Documentation
Omniture -
Omniture Policy


Back to top ^














What our customers think



We've been finding people their own slice of paradise for 45 years, and like to think we're pretty good at it.

Don't just take our word for it, though - see what our customers have said about their Sovereign experience..

Read customer reviews...









Call to book or speak to one of our Trusted Advisers
01293 762400*




The Sovereign Experience



About Us



Booking With Sovereign



Your Trusted Advisers



Airport Lounge Access



Your Holiday Is Protected





Already Booked?



Ways To Pay



Advance Passenger Information



FCO Travel Advice



Staying Safe Abroad



FAQs





Other



Terms and Policies



Privacy Policy



Our Family



Blog



Media enquiries and Press releases



Careers



Make-A-Wish







Award Winning Holidays from Sovereign












Connect with us



















Contact Us



Cookies Policy



Website Terms and Conditions



Agent login






Sovereign is a trading name of Specialist Holidays (Travel) Limited, which is part of the Travelopia Group of companies.
           Registered in England. Company Number: 446617. Registered Office: Origin One, 108 High Street, Crawley, West Sussex, RH10 1BD VAT Number: 252244234.





The Foreign Commonwealth Office and the NHS have up-to-date advice on staying safe and healthy abroad. For more on security, local laws, plus passport and visa information, see
https://travelaware.campaign.gov.uk/
. Keep informed of current travel health news by visiting
www.fitfortravel.nhs.uk
. For further information, please visit our "Travel Aware" information page at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/staying-safe-abroad/
.

Many of the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme but ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. Please see our booking conditions at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/
for information or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to:
http://www.caa.co.uk/atol-protection/
. We will provide you with financial protection for any package holidays you buy from us that do not include travel by air by way of a bond held by ABTA. For further information, visit the ABTA website at www.abta.com. If you book arrangements other than an ATOL protected flight or a package holiday, the financial protection referred to above does not apply. Our ATOL number is 0285 and our ABTA number is V4068.


*calls are charged at your provider's local or national rate.













Sign up for offers




Request a Quote




Request a Brochure













