
Website Terms And Conditions | Sovereign



















Sovereign's Cookie Policy

This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are consenting to cookies being used. For information on cookies please see our
Cookies Policy
.



I agree







Toggle navigation












All hotels visited and approved by us.
Call our Trusted Advisers on:


01293 762400*


Call us between 9am -  8pm











Home




Destinations




Recommended




Tenerife



Ibiza



Lanzarote



Santorini



Sardinia



Madeira



Cancun



Phuket






Europe




Greece



Spain & The Canary Islands



Portugal



Cyprus



Turkey



Croatia



Italy



Malta






Far East




Bali



Thailand



Hong Kong



Singapore






Caribbean & Mexico




Mexico



Dominican Republic



Antigua



Barbados



St Lucia



Jamaica






Indian Ocean




Maldives



Mauritius



Seychelles



Sri Lanka






The Middle East




Dubai



Oman



United Arab Emirates





North Africa



Morocco








Holiday Types







Five Star Holidays



Island Hopping



Cruise and Stay



Luxury Crewed Yacht Charter



Luxury Rail Travel



Weddings Abroad



Something Different









All Inclusive Holidays



Family Friendly Holidays



Adult Only Holidays



Couples Holidays



Luxury Honeymoons



Multi-Centre Holidays








Hotel Collections







Hotel With Villas



Hotels with Spas



Hotels With Swim Up Rooms



Hotels With Private Pools



Boutique Hotels



Paradores







Offers




Contact us







Contact Us



About Us



Your Trusted Advisers



Booking with Sovereign



Our Brochure









Home



Destinations



Holiday Types



Hotel Collections



Offers



Contact us





















Website Terms And Conditions











Home



About us



Terms and Policies











These Website Terms and Conditions will apply to: (A)
Your Use Of Our Website;
(B)
Our Supply Of Products And Services;
and (C)
Our Contact With You
.

This Sovereign website ('Website') is owned and operated by the Travelopia Group ("Sovereign", 'we', 'us', 'our") a company registered in England and Wales with its Registered Office at Origin One, 108 High Street, Crawley, West Sussex, RH10 1BD (company number 446617) and which trades under a number of brands. We are a member of the Travelopia Group of companies.  We are fully bonded by the Civil Aviation Authority under the Air Travel Organisers Licence (ATOL) with ATOL number 0285. We are also members of the Association of British Travel Agents and our membership number is V4068.

Please ensure that you review all of the following sections of our Website Terms and Conditions carefully before using our Website - your use of and access to any page or part of our Website indicates that you agree to comply with and be bound by all of these terms and conditions.

If you do not agree to our Website Terms and Conditions you will not be permitted to access or use our Website.

A. Your use of our website

Authorised Use

You may only use this Website:


for your own personal, non-commercial use only (which will at all times be reasonable and not abusive); or

to obtain information on, check the suitability and availability of our products and services; or

for purposes legitimately connected with purchasing our products and services; or

to access or retrieve your travel information and/or booking data, manage your preferences or to get into contact with us about your bookings or travel arrangements; or

submit and share your views, reviews and comments on our products and services.


Non-Authorised Use

You agree that you shall not:


access, extract, use or copy any material or information on this Website for any commercial purpose or for any purposes which are unlawful.  In particular, you are not allowed to copy (whether by printing off, storing on disk or in any other way), distribute (including distributing copies), alter or tamper with in any way or use any material contained in this Website except that you may print off any individual page for your own personal use; or

use this Website in a way that causes or may cause an infringement of  the rights of any other party or which breaches any standards, regulations or codes published by any relevant authority; or

use this Website in any way that interferes with or affects the performance of the Website or our systems or which interferes in any way with other users use of the Website; or

Gain, or attempt to gain, any unauthorised access to our Website, our other systems and/or to the personal data, information or booking data of other users and customers; or

make any unauthorised, false or fraudulent reservation on this Website.


Ownership And Use Of Material And Information On Our Website

This Website displays registered and unregistered intellectual property such as brands, designs, data, content, copyright material and trademarks, with rights in the United Kingdom and/or other countries and which belong to us or to companies within the Travelopia Group or which have been licensed to us. Other product and company names mentioned and third party content displayed on this Website are proprietary to their respective owners. You are not licensed to use any of the marks on our Website unless written permission is granted, and you may not meta tag any of these marks.

Unless otherwise stated, we own (or are licensed to use) the intellectual property rights in the content and information in this Website, including (without limitation) all text, sound, photographs, images, logos, videos, maps, podcasts, blogs, customer reviews, graphics, design, underlying source code and software. Subject to the 'Authorised Use' section above, material and information, either whole or in part, from this Website may not be reproduced, copied, republished, downloaded, posted, broadcast or transmitted in any form or medium without our and/or the appropriate owner's prior written permission.

The following copyright and trademarks used on this Website are acknowledged:


Adobe

TripAdvisor

Mastercard

Visa

ABTA

ATOL

VeriSign

Unione Europea

Assessorato al Turismo e al Beni Culturali

La tua Campania crese in Europa

Sani Resort

holiday extras

Insurefor.com

Travelife

the travel foundation


Links

If you wish to include a link to our Website, unless you have our written permission, you may only do so to our homepage.

This Website contains links to other websites that may either be websites operated by companies or brands which are members of the Travelopia Group of companies or external websites operated by our selected suppliers or partners or other third party websites. Occasionally as you browse, book travel arrangements or use the functionality on this Website we may provide you with links or connect you to websites which may be our branded or third party branded sites. These links or connections are made available so you can search for and purchase additional services, find out further information on our services and your personal travel arrangements quickly and easily and find out about the products and services of our other group companies and brands. Please note that we are not responsible for nor do we endorse the content of these websites and your access and use of these websites will be subject to the terms and conditions of those websites.

Website Facilities

We have made available various services, tools and functionality on this Website for your use. The information set out by us on these pages tells you how you can use these services, tools and functionality to find out about and pay for our products (as well as those provided by our selected partners), and view content provided by us.
Your use of this Website in these ways is subject to these Website Terms and Conditions that incorporate our
Pay your balance online Terms and Conditions
which set out the terms of use for the feature that allows you to pay the balance of your booking on this Website.

Back to top ^

B. Our supply of products and services

Normally when you purchase our products and/or services and book travel arrangements on this Website your agreement is with Sovereign and if not we will make it clear to you that Sovereign is acting as an agent for another travel provider. If you book a flight only that is operated by Thomson Airways then your contract is with them. See our
Booking Terms and Conditions
for the terms and conditions relevant to the purchase of travel products and holidays from us.

In addition, when you book any products or services from us, you will do so subject to these Website Terms and Conditions, our Booking Terms and Conditions  and such further terms and conditions as may be applied by the hotel or cruise ship where you will be staying (together, the "Conditions of Contract"). These Conditions of Contract constitute the entire agreement and understanding between you and Sovereign in relation to their subject matter. By proceeding with a booking, you acknowledge that you have read and understood all of the Conditions of Contract and agree to be bound by them. However, if you do not or cannot accept our Conditions of Contract in full, you must stop using our Website immediately. These Conditions of Contract may vary from time to time. By browsing this Website you accept that you are bound by the Conditions of Contract current at the time when you browse or book.

Please note that Sovereign may provide accommodation, transport from a wide range of third party accommodation providers and carriers including airlines, ships and railways. The provision of these arrangements will be subject to the terms and conditions of each provider or carrier as part of your Conditions of Contract with us (either as agent for the provider or carrier or as part of our holiday package as you will see in the
Booking Terms and Conditions
). Other holiday and travel related services such as travel insurance, car hire, foreign exchange and travel money cards are supplied by our selected service providers and are available for you to purchase through our own branded websites or directly via the supplier website - the supply of these products and services to you shall be subject to the terms and conditions of each service provider and not us. You can find information on most of these suppliers and their services on our
FAQs
page.  We cannot list all of the supplier's and their terms and conditions here but you will be able to find the terms and conditions or conditions of carriage for these suppliers on their own web sites - you will need to have read them carefully before you book and/or travel. If you are unable to find these then please
Contact Us
.

Back to top ^

C. Our contact with you

Information About You, Data Protection, Privacy Policy and Cookies.

We will store and use the information you supply us or which is supplied to us in your use of this Website ("your information") for the purposes set out in our
Privacy Policy
. You will be/would have been asked to agree to our use of your information at the appropriate time. If you do not agree, we cannot interact with you or accept your booking.

Information about cookies and their use by us on this Website can be found in our
Statement on Cookies
.

Back to top ^

D. General

Statutory Rights

These terms and conditions do not affect your statutory rights.

Updates and Changes

We may remove or make changes to the products, information, content, materials, tools and features on this Website at any time without liability and without notice to you.  We also reserve the right to immediately terminate or suspend your use of or access to this Website at any time and without notice if we consider that you have breached any of our Terms and Conditions. We may also change or modify all of any parts of our Terms and Conditions at any time and such changes or modifications shall be effective immediately upon their publication.  You should review these regularly to ensure you are familiar with the most up to date version.  Browsing and continuing to access or use our Website constitutes your acceptance of the updated terms and conditions and you agree to by bound by the updated terms and conditions.

Disclaimer

To the maximum extent permitted by law, we disclaim all warranties, whether express or implied by statute, custom or usage relating to the information contained in this Website and we shall not be liable for any losses or damages whatsoever, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), or otherwise arising from this website, or from any interruption or delay in accessing this Website.

Governing Law

This Website has been designed for use within the United Kingdom. By accessing this Website you are agreeing that the Courts of England will deal with any disputes which may arise between you and us, and that English law shall be the applicable law.

Back to top ^

LAST UPDATED: January 2015 © Travelopia Group.














What our customers think



We've been finding people their own slice of paradise for 45 years, and like to think we're pretty good at it.

Don't just take our word for it, though - see what our customers have said about their Sovereign experience..

Read customer reviews...









Call to book or speak to one of our Trusted Advisers
01293 762400*




The Sovereign Experience



About Us



Booking With Sovereign



Your Trusted Advisers



Airport Lounge Access



Your Holiday Is Protected





Already Booked?



Ways To Pay



Advance Passenger Information



FCO Travel Advice



Staying Safe Abroad



FAQs





Other



Terms and Policies



Privacy Policy



Our Family



Blog



Media enquiries and Press releases



Careers



Make-A-Wish







Award Winning Holidays from Sovereign












Connect with us



















Contact Us



Cookies Policy



Website Terms and Conditions



Agent login






Sovereign is a trading name of Specialist Holidays (Travel) Limited, which is part of the Travelopia Group of companies.
           Registered in England. Company Number: 446617. Registered Office: Origin One, 108 High Street, Crawley, West Sussex, RH10 1BD VAT Number: 252244234.





The Foreign Commonwealth Office and the NHS have up-to-date advice on staying safe and healthy abroad. For more on security, local laws, plus passport and visa information, see
https://travelaware.campaign.gov.uk/
. Keep informed of current travel health news by visiting
www.fitfortravel.nhs.uk
. For further information, please visit our "Travel Aware" information page at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/staying-safe-abroad/
.

Many of the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme but ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. Please see our booking conditions at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/
for information or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to:
http://www.caa.co.uk/atol-protection/
. We will provide you with financial protection for any package holidays you buy from us that do not include travel by air by way of a bond held by ABTA. For further information, visit the ABTA website at www.abta.com. If you book arrangements other than an ATOL protected flight or a package holiday, the financial protection referred to above does not apply. Our ATOL number is 0285 and our ABTA number is V4068.


*calls are charged at your provider's local or national rate.













Sign up for offers




Request a Quote




Request a Brochure













