
Luxury Holiday Deals and Offers 2018/2019 | Sovereign



















Sovereign's Cookie Policy

This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are consenting to cookies being used. For information on cookies please see our
Cookies Policy
.



I agree







Toggle navigation












All hotels visited and approved by us.
Call our Trusted Advisers on:


01293 762400*


Call us between 9am -  8pm











Home




Destinations




Recommended




Tenerife



Ibiza



Lanzarote



Santorini



Sardinia



Madeira



Cancun



Phuket






Europe




Greece



Spain & The Canary Islands



Portugal



Cyprus



Turkey



Croatia



Italy



Malta






Far East




Bali



Thailand



Hong Kong



Singapore






Caribbean & Mexico




Mexico



Dominican Republic



Antigua



Barbados



St Lucia



Jamaica






Indian Ocean




Maldives



Mauritius



Seychelles



Sri Lanka






The Middle East




Dubai



Oman



United Arab Emirates





North Africa



Morocco








Holiday Types







Five Star Holidays



Island Hopping



Cruise and Stay



Luxury Crewed Yacht Charter



Luxury Rail Travel



Weddings Abroad



Something Different









All Inclusive Holidays



Family Friendly Holidays



Adult Only Holidays



Couples Holidays



Luxury Honeymoons



Multi-Centre Holidays








Hotel Collections







Hotel With Villas



Hotels with Spas



Hotels With Swim Up Rooms



Hotels With Private Pools



Boutique Hotels



Paradores







Offers




Contact us







Contact Us



About Us



Your Trusted Advisers



Booking with Sovereign



Our Brochure









Home



Destinations



Holiday Types



Hotel Collections



Offers



Contact us





















Holiday Offers

Special Offers on Luxury Holidays









Home


Holiday Offers









Be inspired to book your next luxury getaway with our selection of the week's top offers. All handpicked by us, especially for you, to ensure you have the holiday you deserve.
















Late Holiday Deals


Snag a deal with our late escapes and have sand between your toes before you know it.




Find Out More









Couples Holiday Offers


If you're planning a romantic trip for two, these hotels tick all the boxes.




Find Out More









Family Holiday Offers


The hotels in our family collection are handpicked for being brilliant for broods of all ages, and our offers mean we'll get you the best value possible.




Find Out More









Let us inspire you...

Offer of the week

Domes of Elounda Autograph Collection, Crete

Save up to 35% on a 7 night stay

Free half board upgrade

Enjoy a Sovereign experience (traditional boat trip, Cretan cooking class or one free Greek a la Carte meal)

Find out more






Destination of the month: Mexico

Mexico's Yucatan peninsula offers up some of the best-looking beaches in the country - huge sweeps of white sand dotted with palms and lapped by bright-blue waters.

Find out more






Can't decide where to visit next?

Multi-centre holidays are a brilliant way to maximise your time by visiting more than one destination in the same trip. If you're in need of inspiration, we've got a range of new offers to get you started.





Find out more











Where will your Sovereign experience take you?

Be inspired to book your next luxury getaway with our selection of the week's top offers. All handpicked by us, especially for you, to ensure you have the holiday you deserve.












Greece and Cyprus


Greece gets a gold star for beaches, whilst
Cyprus boasts over 300 days of sunshine a year. You decide...




Find Out More









Spain and Portugal


We've rounded up our best Spain and Portugal holiday offers to help you plan your perfect break.




Find Out More









In it for the long-haul?

Our special offers on long-haul luxury mean it’s never been easier to explore
further.












Long Haul Luxury


Go beyond Europe and experience the watercolour beauty of the Caribbean, where the clear blue sea merges with gold-dust sand splashed with green palms.




Find Out More













Leanne Hall

Why not try Majorca as a twin-centre holiday? Driving around is easy and staying in two different areas is a great way to explore more of the island.


Find Out More








Caitlin Keeping

Hire a car for a day or two to explore some more of Cyprus. Head along the coast to Limassol or go up into the Troodos Mountains.


Find Out More








Helen Lippe

The area around Elounda is spectacular. If you're around my age, you might remember a TV series called 'Who Pays the Ferryman?' - it was filmed around Elounda.


Find Out More














What our customers think



We've been finding people their own slice of paradise for 45 years, and like to think we're pretty good at it.

Don't just take our word for it, though - see what our customers have said about their Sovereign experience..

Read customer reviews...









Call to book or speak to one of our Trusted Advisers
01293 762400*




The Sovereign Experience



About Us



Booking With Sovereign



Your Trusted Advisers



Airport Lounge Access



Your Holiday Is Protected





Already Booked?



Ways To Pay



Advance Passenger Information



FCO Travel Advice



Staying Safe Abroad



FAQs





Other



Terms and Policies



Privacy Policy



Our Family



Blog



Media enquiries and Press releases



Careers



Make-A-Wish







Award Winning Holidays from Sovereign












Connect with us



















Contact Us



Cookies Policy



Website Terms and Conditions



Agent login






Sovereign is a trading name of Specialist Holidays (Travel) Limited, which is part of the Travelopia Group of companies.
           Registered in England. Company Number: 446617. Registered Office: Origin One, 108 High Street, Crawley, West Sussex, RH10 1BD VAT Number: 252244234.





The Foreign Commonwealth Office and the NHS have up-to-date advice on staying safe and healthy abroad. For more on security, local laws, plus passport and visa information, see
https://travelaware.campaign.gov.uk/
. Keep informed of current travel health news by visiting
www.fitfortravel.nhs.uk
. For further information, please visit our "Travel Aware" information page at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/staying-safe-abroad/
.

Many of the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme but ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. Please see our booking conditions at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/
for information or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to:
http://www.caa.co.uk/atol-protection/
. We will provide you with financial protection for any package holidays you buy from us that do not include travel by air by way of a bond held by ABTA. For further information, visit the ABTA website at www.abta.com. If you book arrangements other than an ATOL protected flight or a package holiday, the financial protection referred to above does not apply. Our ATOL number is 0285 and our ABTA number is V4068.


*calls are charged at your provider's local or national rate.













Sign up for offers




Request a Quote




Request a Brochure













