
Luxury Portugal Holidays 2018/2019 | Sovereign



















Sovereign's Cookie Policy

This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are consenting to cookies being used. For information on cookies please see our
Cookies Policy
.



I agree







Toggle navigation












All hotels visited and approved by us.
Call our Trusted Advisers on:


01293 762400*


Call us between 9am -  8pm











Home




Destinations




Recommended




Tenerife



Ibiza



Lanzarote



Santorini



Sardinia



Madeira



Cancun



Phuket






Europe




Greece



Spain & The Canary Islands



Portugal



Cyprus



Turkey



Croatia



Italy



Malta






Far East




Bali



Thailand



Hong Kong



Singapore






Caribbean & Mexico




Mexico



Dominican Republic



Antigua



Barbados



St Lucia



Jamaica






Indian Ocean




Maldives



Mauritius



Seychelles



Sri Lanka






The Middle East




Dubai



Oman



United Arab Emirates





North Africa



Morocco








Holiday Types







Five Star Holidays



Island Hopping



Cruise and Stay



Luxury Crewed Yacht Charter



Luxury Rail Travel



Weddings Abroad



Something Different









All Inclusive Holidays



Family Friendly Holidays



Adult Only Holidays



Couples Holidays



Luxury Honeymoons



Multi-Centre Holidays








Hotel Collections







Hotel With Villas



Hotels with Spas



Hotels With Swim Up Rooms



Hotels With Private Pools



Boutique Hotels



Paradores







Offers




Contact us







Contact Us



About Us



Your Trusted Advisers



Booking with Sovereign



Our Brochure









Home



Destinations



Holiday Types



Hotel Collections



Offers



Contact us





















Luxury Portugal Holidays

Great golf; better beaches









Home



Sovereign Holidays


Portugal





Your Search Results





Portugal

Portugal is a seriously photogenic country. Whether you're beach-hopping along the coast of the Algarve or walking high in Madeira's mountains, this is the kind of place that'll have you filling up your camera memory card in no time.

Spanning the country's south coast is the Algarve. The beaches here are particularly pretty
–
covered with golden-syrup sands and framed by rugged, honey-coloured cliffs. Whitewashed towns are scattered along the coastline, while inland you'll find traditional villages surrounded by olive groves, vineyards and rolling countryside. Further north, the seaside towns of the Lisbon Coast offer up beautiful beaches and easy access to the cobbled streets of the capital.

A 1,000-odd kilometres off the mainland is Madeira. This dramatic volcanic island has been nicknamed the Floating Garden, owing to its lush landscape and flower-filled botanical gardens. The capital, Funchal, has the blend of old and new just right, with quaint churches, sleepy squares, and a posh marina where bars serve the latest cocktails alongside sweet Madeira wine.

The island isn't best known for beaches
–
its dark cliffs tend to plunge straight into the Atlantic
–
but there are a couple of sandy spots, plus lots of waterside lidos and bathing platforms. Head away from the coast and you'll find soaring mountains and forest-cloaked valleys. Old irrigation channels called levadas criss-cross the interior, and now form fantastic hiking trails.











Samantha Grist

Madeira and the Algarve make a great multi-centre combination. Spend a week on the Algarve's beautiful beaches, then fly south to explore Madeira's dramatic mountains and valleys.


Find Out More









Destinations in Portugal









Algarve

The Algarve rolls out amber beaches and ocean-view golf courses along the cliff-fractured coast of southern Portugal. Wave-cut arches, long sands, lively beach resorts, whitewashed villages – it’s got them all.



Find out more









Lisbon Coast

Lisbon is in vogue right now – but what about its coastline? Delicate dunes, beach resorts, lighthouse-crowned coves and great surf decorate the shoreline bookending the Portuguese capital.



Find out more









Madeira

Madeira is an archipelago flung far off the south-west coast of Portugal. Most visitors hone in on the main island – also called Madeira – and its vineyards, beaches and flowering capital.



Find out more









Search for your holiday here





Your Search Results





Things to do in Portugal

Bring your tissues to a fado show

Fado is soulful music that tells tales of turbulent times and lost loves. It’s also a Portuguese special, making its way onto the UNESCO Intangible Cultural Heritage list. Locals go so far as to say it reveals the Portuguese soul.

Fado started life in the gritty port pubs of Lisbon. But these days you can catch it all over – from theatre productions in the Algarve to cosy restaurants (
casa do fado
) in Madeira.

Find out more










When to go

Portugal has a mix of climates, including Mediterranean, so the weather depends on where you’ll be visiting. The Algarve in the south is famously sunny, with temperatures soaring from June and often peaking at 30°C in July. Winter and spring are pleasantly mild, too. Down in Madeira, meanwhile, an equal serving of sunshine in summer and rain in winter is what makes its famous gardens blossom. It tends to be a little milder down here in the winter, with temperatures in the mid-to-high teens.



Visa Information

Currently visas are not required for UK citizens travelling to Portugal.



Tipping

Tipping in Portugal is generally optional. At cafés and when taking taxis, you can just round up to the nearest euro. When in restaurants, it’s common to leave around 10%.



Introduction to languages


The official language of Portugal is Portuguese. English is widely spoken too, so getting by is easy.









Portuguese specialities

The Portuguese have perfected the art of simple, delicious food. It’s similar to Mediterranean cuisine, with the addition of flavours like piri piri, black pepper, cinnamon and vanilla. Look out for national dish bacalhau (salted cod), piri piri chicken and cheese like Queijo do Pico. Portugal has fantastic wines, too, the most popular being vinho verde and sweet vinho da Madeira.





Food & Drink





Our pick of the top hotels in Portugal

Every one of our hotels is handpicked and personally visited by our team




Recommended




The Cliff Bay

Madeira, Funchal







Find out more









Blue & Green The Lake Spa Resort

Algarve, Vilamoura







Find out more






Recommended




Belmond Reid's Palace

Madeira, Funchal







Find out more









Pine Cliffs Village

Algarve, Praia da Falesia







Find out more






Recommended




VILA VITA Parc

Algarve, Porches







Find out more









Pine Cliffs Hotel a Luxury Collection Resort

Algarve, Praia da Falesia







Find out more







View all hotels in Portugal










What our customers think



We've been finding people their own slice of paradise for 45 years, and like to think we're pretty good at it.

Don't just take our word for it, though - see what our customers have said about their Sovereign experience..

Read customer reviews...









Call to book or speak to one of our Trusted Advisers
01293 762400*




The Sovereign Experience



About Us



Booking With Sovereign



Your Trusted Advisers



Airport Lounge Access



Your Holiday Is Protected





Already Booked?



Ways To Pay



Advance Passenger Information



FCO Travel Advice



Staying Safe Abroad



FAQs





Other



Terms and Policies



Privacy Policy



Our Family



Blog



Media enquiries and Press releases



Careers



Make-A-Wish







Award Winning Holidays from Sovereign












Connect with us



















Contact Us



Cookies Policy



Website Terms and Conditions



Agent login






Sovereign is a trading name of Specialist Holidays (Travel) Limited, which is part of the Travelopia Group of companies.
           Registered in England. Company Number: 446617. Registered Office: Origin One, 108 High Street, Crawley, West Sussex, RH10 1BD VAT Number: 252244234.





The Foreign Commonwealth Office and the NHS have up-to-date advice on staying safe and healthy abroad. For more on security, local laws, plus passport and visa information, see
https://travelaware.campaign.gov.uk/
. Keep informed of current travel health news by visiting
www.fitfortravel.nhs.uk
. For further information, please visit our "Travel Aware" information page at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/staying-safe-abroad/
.

Many of the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme but ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. Please see our booking conditions at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/
for information or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to:
http://www.caa.co.uk/atol-protection/
. We will provide you with financial protection for any package holidays you buy from us that do not include travel by air by way of a bond held by ABTA. For further information, visit the ABTA website at www.abta.com. If you book arrangements other than an ATOL protected flight or a package holiday, the financial protection referred to above does not apply. Our ATOL number is 0285 and our ABTA number is V4068.


*calls are charged at your provider's local or national rate.













Sign up for offers




Request a Quote




Request a Brochure













