
Luxury 5 Star Holidays & Hotels 2018/2019 | Sovereign



















Sovereign's Cookie Policy

This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are consenting to cookies being used. For information on cookies please see our
Cookies Policy
.



I agree







Toggle navigation












All hotels visited and approved by us.
Call our Trusted Advisers on:


01293 762400*


Call us between 9am -  8pm











Home




Destinations




Recommended




Tenerife



Ibiza



Lanzarote



Santorini



Sardinia



Madeira



Cancun



Phuket






Europe




Greece



Spain & The Canary Islands



Portugal



Cyprus



Turkey



Croatia



Italy



Malta






Far East




Bali



Thailand



Hong Kong



Singapore






Caribbean & Mexico




Mexico



Dominican Republic



Antigua



Barbados



St Lucia



Jamaica






Indian Ocean




Maldives



Mauritius



Seychelles



Sri Lanka






The Middle East




Dubai



Oman



United Arab Emirates





North Africa



Morocco








Holiday Types







Five Star Holidays



Island Hopping



Cruise and Stay



Luxury Crewed Yacht Charter



Luxury Rail Travel



Weddings Abroad



Something Different









All Inclusive Holidays



Family Friendly Holidays



Adult Only Holidays



Couples Holidays



Luxury Honeymoons



Multi-Centre Holidays








Hotel Collections







Hotel With Villas



Hotels with Spas



Hotels With Swim Up Rooms



Hotels With Private Pools



Boutique Hotels



Paradores







Offers




Contact us







Contact Us



About Us



Your Trusted Advisers



Booking with Sovereign



Our Brochure









Home



Destinations



Holiday Types



Hotel Collections



Offers



Contact us





















Five-star Holidays











Home



Luxury Holiday Types


Five-star Holidays










Welcome to our superlative selection of five-star holidays and hotels. And when we say five star, we mean five star. Grand palatial retreats, state-of-the-art contemporary hotels, boutique hideaways with just a handful of suites  - we've carefully selected every hotel, making sure each one meets our exacting standards, down to the finest detail.



A luxury holiday experience

It's not just the hotels that are five-star, though - we make sure the entire holiday experience is seamless from start to finish. From VIP lounge access at the airport, to private transfers that'll whisk you to and from your hotel, every aspect of your holiday is taken care of, so you won't have to lift a finger. Just kick off your shoes, and let us do the rest.











Stunning Views











Princesa Yaiza Suite Hotel Resort in Lanzarote

With stunning views over the white-sand beaches of Playa Blanca towards Fuerteventura and just a short stroll from countless restaurants and shops, the Princesa Yaiza Suite Hotel Resort boasts a perfect location.



Find out more










Cultural getaways













Hotel Bahia del Duque

Part of The Leading Hotels of the World and inspired by a traditional Canarian village from the 19th century, the outstanding Hotel Bahia del Duque features colonial architecture in soft pastel colours.



Find Out More









Domes of Elounda

In a perfect location, overlooking the Gulf of Elounda and the UNESCO protected islet of Spinalonga, the luxurious Domes of Elounda, Autograph Collection is an ideal retreat for couples and families.



Find Out More











Infinite Lifestyle











Ikos Oceania in Halkidiki

Ikos Resorts and the Ikos Oceania in Halkidiki redefines all-inclusive as Infinite Lifestyle™, offering an impressive new level of holiday experience.



Find out more









"I love the fact that the Ikos Oceania includes one of the local tavernas in its all-inclusive package. It means guests can still get the feel of the real Greece whilst staying in an all-inclusive hotel. "

Samantha Grist











Beautiful sea views













Daios Cove Luxury Resort and Villas

The Daios Cove Luxury Resort & Villas boasts a fantastic location overlooking the picturesque Daios Cove and the dazzling blue sea, seven kilometres from Aghios Nikolaos.



Find Out More









The Ritz-Carlton Tenerife

With beautiful sea views and a lovely beach, the luxurious Ritz-Carlton, Abama, offers an idyllic setting close to the village of Playa San Juan, an area boasting some of the best-preserved flora and fauna on Tenerife.



Find Out More









Cliff Bay

Sat quietly in palm-filled gardens, this elegant hotel catches panoramic views of Funchal Bay from just about every angle.



Find Out More










Hotel Elysium in Cyprus

Set on a secluded sandy beach, the recently refurbished Hotel Elysium is a deluxe hotel with spectacular views over the Mediterranean Sea.



Find out more









"The Royal Garden Villas at Elysium offer the ultimate privacy – you can relax around the pool with no interruptions."

Debby Hayley











Far flung luxury













Katathani Phuket

Set on the beautiful white sands of Kata Noi Beach, the Katathani Phuket Beach Resort is the perfect retreat to relax.



Find Out More









LUX South Ari Atoll

LUX* South Ari Atoll is the only settlement on the island of Dhidhoofinolhu and offers the unique concept of 'one island - one resort', ideal for those seeking privacy.



Find Out More















Lindsay Barnes

I love the Ritz Carlton Abama for complete relaxation. The spa is fabulous and they have a great Cuban bar and sports bar - the sports bar will leave you feeling like you have walked into an episode of Cheers.


Find Out More








Samantha Grist

If you're looking for a hotel with access to a local town or village, but also look for that quiet retreat, Domes of Elounda is ideal.


Find Out More













For more information, call our Trusted Advisers on
01293 762400*
















What our customers think



We've been finding people their own slice of paradise for 45 years, and like to think we're pretty good at it.

Don't just take our word for it, though - see what our customers have said about their Sovereign experience..

Read customer reviews...









Call to book or speak to one of our Trusted Advisers
01293 762400*




The Sovereign Experience



About Us



Booking With Sovereign



Your Trusted Advisers



Airport Lounge Access



Your Holiday Is Protected





Already Booked?



Ways To Pay



Advance Passenger Information



FCO Travel Advice



Staying Safe Abroad



FAQs





Other



Terms and Policies



Privacy Policy



Our Family



Blog



Media enquiries and Press releases



Careers



Make-A-Wish







Award Winning Holidays from Sovereign












Connect with us



















Contact Us



Cookies Policy



Website Terms and Conditions



Agent login






Sovereign is a trading name of Specialist Holidays (Travel) Limited, which is part of the Travelopia Group of companies.
           Registered in England. Company Number: 446617. Registered Office: Origin One, 108 High Street, Crawley, West Sussex, RH10 1BD VAT Number: 252244234.





The Foreign Commonwealth Office and the NHS have up-to-date advice on staying safe and healthy abroad. For more on security, local laws, plus passport and visa information, see
https://travelaware.campaign.gov.uk/
. Keep informed of current travel health news by visiting
www.fitfortravel.nhs.uk
. For further information, please visit our "Travel Aware" information page at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/staying-safe-abroad/
.

Many of the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme but ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. Please see our booking conditions at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/
for information or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to:
http://www.caa.co.uk/atol-protection/
. We will provide you with financial protection for any package holidays you buy from us that do not include travel by air by way of a bond held by ABTA. For further information, visit the ABTA website at www.abta.com. If you book arrangements other than an ATOL protected flight or a package holiday, the financial protection referred to above does not apply. Our ATOL number is 0285 and our ABTA number is V4068.


*calls are charged at your provider's local or national rate.













Sign up for offers




Request a Quote




Request a Brochure













