
Luxury Ibiza Holidays 2018/2019 | Sovereign



















Sovereign's Cookie Policy

This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are consenting to cookies being used. For information on cookies please see our
Cookies Policy
.



I agree







Toggle navigation












All hotels visited and approved by us.
Call our Trusted Advisers on:


01293 762400*


Call us between 9am -  8pm











Home




Destinations




Recommended




Tenerife



Ibiza



Lanzarote



Santorini



Sardinia



Madeira



Cancun



Phuket






Europe




Greece



Spain & The Canary Islands



Portugal



Cyprus



Turkey



Croatia



Italy



Malta






Far East




Bali



Thailand



Hong Kong



Singapore






Caribbean & Mexico




Mexico



Dominican Republic



Antigua



Barbados



St Lucia



Jamaica






Indian Ocean




Maldives



Mauritius



Seychelles



Sri Lanka






The Middle East




Dubai



Oman



United Arab Emirates





North Africa



Morocco








Holiday Types







Five Star Holidays



Island Hopping



Cruise and Stay



Luxury Crewed Yacht Charter



Luxury Rail Travel



Weddings Abroad



Something Different









All Inclusive Holidays



Family Friendly Holidays



Adult Only Holidays



Couples Holidays



Luxury Honeymoons



Multi-Centre Holidays








Hotel Collections







Hotel With Villas



Hotels with Spas



Hotels With Swim Up Rooms



Hotels With Private Pools



Boutique Hotels



Paradores







Offers




Contact us







Contact Us



About Us



Your Trusted Advisers



Booking with Sovereign



Our Brochure









Home



Destinations



Holiday Types



Hotel Collections



Offers



Contact us





















Luxury Ibiza Holidays

Hippy chic and jet-set allure









Home



Sovereign Holidays



Spain


Ibiza





Your Search Results





Ibiza


Although it's renowned as a party island, Ibiza's white sands, quiet countryside, high-end restaurants and trendy beach clubs have also attracted visitors in search of a luxury beach break.

Head to the northern half of the island for a laid-back atmosphere - you'll find whitewashed seaside villages and gorgeous sandy coves backed by pine trees. The south is where the island really comes alive. It’s home to the capital, Ibiza Town – spend an afternoon exploring its UNESCO-listed old quarter. It sits on a hill and offers up fantastic views across the bay to Playa d'en Bossa.

Ibiza's little sister, Formentera, is also worthy of a day trip. It's a short ferry ride away and boasts some of the best beaches in the Mediterranean – all gleaming white sands and glass-clear waters. Come lunchtime, retreat to one of the barefoot-chic restaurants for fresh seafood and a chilled white wine.














Samantha Grist

Whether it’s for dinner or just a cocktail, people flock from all over the island to watch the sun set from the trendy strip of bars in San Antonio. Alternatively, you can sit on the rocks below the bars and enjoy the same view.


Find Out More








Destinations in Ibiza









Cala Talamanca

Cala Talamanca is tucked around the corner from Ibiza Town. A boardwalk backs the bright gold sands, dealing out harbour clubs and sand-side pizzerias as it trundles along the coast.



Find out more









Ibiza Town

Ibiza Town is the UNESCO-listed capital of Ibiza. It showcases the biggest range of restaurants and shopping boutiques on the island, along with a hilltop castle and high-shine marina.




Find out more









Playa d'en Bossa

Playa d’en Bossa hordes all the accolades in Ibiza – from the longest beach (a stunning white-sand stretch) to the most popular town. You’ll find it on the south-east coast, next to historic Ibiza Town.



Find out more









Santa Eulalia

Santa Eulalia swaps the high-energy beaches and cafés of southern Ibiza for chilled-out sands and first-class restaurants. The artisan workshops, galleries and hilltop church are the cherry on top.



Find out more









Search for your holiday here





Your Search Results





Things to do in Ibiza

Explore Ibiza town

A trip to Ibiza Town is a must. The modern part of town is filled with chic boutiques, restaurants and pavement cafés, while in the old town, you'll find a maze of lanes lined with whitewashed houses and bougainvillea-draped balconies. The lanes lead up a hill to a cathedral and fort with views across the Mediterranean. Back down by the water, you can duck into the Broner House Museum (Museu Casa Broner), which perfectly preserves the German architect and artist Edwin Broner’s house – modernist furniture and sea-view balcony and all.


Find out more





Things to do in Ibiza

Take the ferry to Formentera

The laid-back island of Formentera makes a great day trip. The sandy beaches and clear waters look like they've been shipped in from the Caribbean, before being paired with a pine tree and sand dune backdrop. To make the most of the coast, hire a bike and spend the afternoon beach-hopping. Playa de Illetes (a long, sandy spit), Playa de Migjorn (eight kilometres long) and Playa la Savina (pale and peaceful) are three of the best spots. Ferries run from Ibiza Town to Formentera throughout the day; the trip takes around 30 minutes.

Find out more





Things to do in Ibiza

Watch the sunset

Ibiza is famous for its sunsets, and rightly so. If you're staying on the east side of the island, the best way to see them is on a cruise. A flotilla of boats pushes off from the harbours in Santa Eulalia and Ibiza Town each evening, and the cruises come in all shapes and sizes. You could opt for a golden hour snorkelling trip, go for a no-holds-barred dinner cruise, or book tickets on a boat with a live band and cocktail bar. Alternatively, charter your own boat for a private voyage.

Find out more






Our pick of the top hotels in Ibiza

Every one of our hotels is handpicked and personally visited by our team







Aguas De Ibiza Lifestyle & Spa

Ibiza, Santa Eulalia







Find out more









Grand Hotel Montesol Ibiza, Curio Collection by Hilton

Ibiza, Ibiza Town







Find out more









Grand Palladium Palace Ibiza Resort

Ibiza, Playa den Bossa







Find out more









Grand Palladium White Island Resort and Spa

Ibiza, Playa den Bossa







Find out more









Hard Rock Hotel Ibiza

Ibiza, Playa d'en Bossa







Find out more









Insotel Fenicia Prestige Suites and Spa

Ibiza, Santa Eulalia







Find out more







View all hotels in Ibiza



Ibiza Specialities

Ibiza’s cuisine is classically Spanish, so expect hearty meat and seafood paellas, plus tapas over drinks. Being an island, there’s lots of fresh seafood around, and it’s usually fresh off the boat. Cod, hake and swordfish are staples, often baked in salt. As for Ibizan dishes to look out for, try bullet de Peix (traditional fisherman’s stew) or sofrit pages, a kind of stew with spicy local sausages, garlic, peppers and potatoes.





Food & Drink









Flight Information

Flight time from the UK to Ibiza is around 2 hours 15 minutes.



When to go

Ibiza’s weather is classic Mediterranean, with warm, sunny summers and mild temperatures the rest of the year. May is when the holiday season kicks off in earnest, reaching the mid-20s and climbing towards 30°C for the hottest months of July and August.




Visa Information

Currently visas are not required for UK citizens travelling to Spain.




Tipping

Restaurant bills include a service charge by law in Spain, so whether you choose to tip further is up to you. If you enjoyed the meal and service, it is customary to leave 5-10%. Hotel porters and maids will appreciate a small tip, and while taxi drivers don’t require a tip, it’s common to round up the fare.



Introduction to languages

The official language of Spain is Spanish. English is widely spoken too, so getting by is easy.















What our customers think



We've been finding people their own slice of paradise for 45 years, and like to think we're pretty good at it.

Don't just take our word for it, though - see what our customers have said about their Sovereign experience..

Read customer reviews...









Call to book or speak to one of our Trusted Advisers
01293 762400*




The Sovereign Experience



About Us



Booking With Sovereign



Your Trusted Advisers



Airport Lounge Access



Your Holiday Is Protected





Already Booked?



Ways To Pay



Advance Passenger Information



FCO Travel Advice



Staying Safe Abroad



FAQs





Other



Terms and Policies



Privacy Policy



Our Family



Blog



Media enquiries and Press releases



Careers



Make-A-Wish







Award Winning Holidays from Sovereign












Connect with us



















Contact Us



Cookies Policy



Website Terms and Conditions



Agent login






Sovereign is a trading name of Specialist Holidays (Travel) Limited, which is part of the Travelopia Group of companies.
           Registered in England. Company Number: 446617. Registered Office: Origin One, 108 High Street, Crawley, West Sussex, RH10 1BD VAT Number: 252244234.





The Foreign Commonwealth Office and the NHS have up-to-date advice on staying safe and healthy abroad. For more on security, local laws, plus passport and visa information, see
https://travelaware.campaign.gov.uk/
. Keep informed of current travel health news by visiting
www.fitfortravel.nhs.uk
. For further information, please visit our "Travel Aware" information page at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/staying-safe-abroad/
.

Many of the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme but ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. Please see our booking conditions at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/
for information or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to:
http://www.caa.co.uk/atol-protection/
. We will provide you with financial protection for any package holidays you buy from us that do not include travel by air by way of a bond held by ABTA. For further information, visit the ABTA website at www.abta.com. If you book arrangements other than an ATOL protected flight or a package holiday, the financial protection referred to above does not apply. Our ATOL number is 0285 and our ABTA number is V4068.


*calls are charged at your provider's local or national rate.













Sign up for offers




Request a Quote




Request a Brochure













