
Luxury Hotels with Villas Holidays 2018/2019 | Sovereign



















Sovereign's Cookie Policy

This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are consenting to cookies being used. For information on cookies please see our
Cookies Policy
.



I agree







Toggle navigation












All hotels visited and approved by us.
Call our Trusted Advisers on:


01293 762400*


Call us between 9am -  8pm











Home




Destinations




Recommended




Tenerife



Ibiza



Lanzarote



Santorini



Sardinia



Madeira



Cancun



Phuket






Europe




Greece



Spain & The Canary Islands



Portugal



Cyprus



Turkey



Croatia



Italy



Malta






Far East




Bali



Thailand



Hong Kong



Singapore






Caribbean & Mexico




Mexico



Dominican Republic



Antigua



Barbados



St Lucia



Jamaica






Indian Ocean




Maldives



Mauritius



Seychelles



Sri Lanka






The Middle East




Dubai



Oman



United Arab Emirates





North Africa



Morocco








Holiday Types







Five Star Holidays



Island Hopping



Cruise and Stay



Luxury Crewed Yacht Charter



Luxury Rail Travel



Weddings Abroad



Something Different









All Inclusive Holidays



Family Friendly Holidays



Adult Only Holidays



Couples Holidays



Luxury Honeymoons



Multi-Centre Holidays








Hotel Collections







Hotel With Villas



Hotels with Spas



Hotels With Swim Up Rooms



Hotels With Private Pools



Boutique Hotels



Paradores







Offers




Contact us







Contact Us



About Us



Your Trusted Advisers



Booking with Sovereign



Our Brochure









Home



Destinations



Holiday Types



Hotel Collections



Offers



Contact us





















Hotels with Villas











Home



Hotel Collections


Hotels with Villas










Space. Independence. Flexibility. All major plus-points of a villa holiday. Now imagine all of those benefits coming with fantastic restaurants, bars and spas right on the doorstep. Welcome to the world of hotel villas.

These handpicked high-spec abodes offer up all the benefits of a luxury villa holiday, but with the bonus of being located within a hotel complex, with first-rate facilities at your fingertips. There are plenty to pick from, whether you're after a beachfront pad to fit the whole family or a quiet hideaway for two. And it goes without saying that all of our hotel villas offer up the same standard of luxury that you'd expect at a Sovereign hotel.

We've got a variety of options: villas with pools, villas with self-catering facilities, one-bedroom villas, two-bedroom villas, and larger villas. Two-bedroom villas and larger villas are great if you're travelling with kids or extended family, as everyone gets plenty of space. Your Trusted Adviser can recommend ones to suit you, as well as letting you know all-important information such as layouts and facilities.

Scroll down to see our full range of luxury hotels with villas.













Handpicked villas with private pools, plenty of space and access to fantastic hotel facilities


Your Trusted Adviser can provide detailed information and recommend the right villa for you


Romantic boltholes for couples and spacious stays for families and groups







The complete collection











Anassa, Cyprus



Two-bedroom villa sleeps up to six adults

Three-bedroom villa sleeps up to nine adults

Each villa has a private pool and sea-view terrace





Find Out More









Grecotel Caramel Boutique, Crete



Two, three and four-bedroom villas

Seafront villas available with direct access to the beach

Some three-bedroom villas have a private pool





Find Out More









Daios Cove Luxury Resort and Villas, Crete



One, two and three-bedroom  pool villas

Family villa with a range of equipment

Dedicated beach section, preferential restaurant bookings and all-inclusive upgrade available





Find Out More








Luxe living in Greece

Minos Beach Art Hotel, Crete

Opt for a waterfront bungalow with a private deck over the clear waters of the Mediterranean Sea, or choose a spacious villa with its own private pool – the two- and three-bedroom villas are ideal for families.



Find out more













Lewis Parker

Our hotel villas offer the best of both worlds; the space and privacy of a villa, but with the elite luxury services of a five-star hotel. Order room service to your villa and dine in privacy on your private terrace, or pay a visit to one of the bars or restaurants in your hotel. The choice is yours!


Find Out More














Blue Palace, a Luxury Collection Resort & Spa, Crete



Two-bedroom villa with private pool and sea views

Grand Villa features both indoor and outdoor pools, plus a private sauna

Three-bedroom villa with private pool, outdoor barbeque and upgraded dining options





Find Out More









Domes of Elounda Autograph Collection, Crete



Selection of luxury private pool villas and residences sleeping up to eight adults

Enhanced services include dedicated villa managers and in-villa dining

Guests of residences can enjoy access to the exclusive Domes Luxury Residences Complex





Find Out More











For more information, call our Trusted Advisers on
01293 762400*













Round Hill Hotel and Villas, Jamaica



Two-bedroom villas sleep up to six adults

Available with or without a private pool

Enjoy open-air living rooms, spacious decks and manicured gardens





Find Out More









Constance Halaveli, Maldives



Water villas set over the lagoon with plunge pool and sun deck

Beach villas have lush gardens with plunge pool, plus a sun terrace

Two-bedroom beach villas offer more space and can sleep four adults





Find Out More








Tropical villas

Constance Le Prince Maurice, Mauritius

Villas here are either beachfront or set on stilts overlooking a natural lagoon. Family villas are all beachfront, and have the added bonus of two bathrooms.



Find out more










Hotel Suite Villa Maria, Tenerife



One, two and three-bedroom villas sleep up to six adults

Three-bedroom villas feature a private pool

All villas come with fully equipped kitchens for self-catering





Find Out More









The Villas - Hotel Bahia Del Duque, Tenerife



One and two-bedroom villas sleep up to five adults

Each villa comes with a private infinity pool

Exclusive extras for villa guests include 24-hour butler service





Find Out More









Sugar Beach, A Viceroy Resort, St Lucia



Luxury villas with private plunge pools

Cottages offer fantastic views, while bungalows sit on the beachfront

All villas, cottages and bungalows come with butler service





Find Out More












Windjammer Landing Villa Beach Resort, St Lucia



One, two and three-bedroom villas sleep up to six adults

Private pool villas available

Fully equipped kitchens and living-dining rooms





Find Out More









Banyan Tree Samui, Thailand



Stylish villas with private pools

Family villas feature second bedroom with en-suite bathroom

Horizon hillcrest villas sit high on the hillside for panoramic views





Find Out More









Belmond Napasai, Thailand



Spacious residences sleep between two and eight adults

Fully fitted kitchen, plus living and dining areas

Private pool, massage sala and terraces





Find Out More








Peaceful private pools

Anantara Mai Khao Phuket Villas, Thailand

Villas here are all decorated in traditional Thai style and come with lovely private pools. Some are set on the edge of the lagoon, while others are scattered around the lush gardens.



Find out more










Gloria Golf Resort , Turkey



Two-bedroom villas sleep up to five adults

Each bedroom has its own balcony or terrace

Large sitting room with satellite TV





Find Out More









Gloria Serenity Resort, Turkey



Garden and pool villas sleep up to five adults

Each villa has a terrace with sundeck and large whirlpool

Pool villas offer direct access to the swimming pool





Find Out More































































What our customers think



We've been finding people their own slice of paradise for 45 years, and like to think we're pretty good at it.

Don't just take our word for it, though - see what our customers have said about their Sovereign experience..

Read customer reviews...








Call to book or speak to one of our Trusted Advisers
01293 762400*




The Sovereign Experience



About Us



Booking With Sovereign



Your Trusted Advisers



Airport Lounge Access



Your Holiday Is Protected





Already Booked?



Ways To Pay



Advance Passenger Information



FCO Travel Advice



Staying Safe Abroad



FAQs





Other



Terms and Policies



Privacy Policy



Our Family



Blog



Media enquiries and Press releases



Careers



Make-A-Wish







Award Winning Holidays from Sovereign












Connect with us



















Contact Us



Cookies Policy



Website Terms and Conditions



Agent login






Sovereign is a trading name of Specialist Holidays (Travel) Limited, which is part of the Travelopia Group of companies.
           Registered in England. Company Number: 446617. Registered Office: Origin One, 108 High Street, Crawley, West Sussex, RH10 1BD VAT Number: 252244234.





The Foreign Commonwealth Office and the NHS have up-to-date advice on staying safe and healthy abroad. For more on security, local laws, plus passport and visa information, see
https://travelaware.campaign.gov.uk/
. Keep informed of current travel health news by visiting
www.fitfortravel.nhs.uk
. For further information, please visit our "Travel Aware" information page at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/staying-safe-abroad/
.

Many of the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme but ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. Please see our booking conditions at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/
for information or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to:
http://www.caa.co.uk/atol-protection/
. We will provide you with financial protection for any package holidays you buy from us that do not include travel by air by way of a bond held by ABTA. For further information, visit the ABTA website at www.abta.com. If you book arrangements other than an ATOL protected flight or a package holiday, the financial protection referred to above does not apply. Our ATOL number is 0285 and our ABTA number is V4068.


*calls are charged at your provider's local or national rate.












Sign up for offers




Request a Quote




Request a Brochure





