
Luxury UAE Holidays 2018/2019 | Sovereign



















Sovereign's Cookie Policy

This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are consenting to cookies being used. For information on cookies please see our
Cookies Policy
.



I agree







Toggle navigation












All hotels visited and approved by us.
Call our Trusted Advisers on:


01293 762400*


Call us between 9am -  8pm











Home




Destinations




Recommended




Tenerife



Ibiza



Lanzarote



Santorini



Sardinia



Madeira



Cancun



Phuket






Europe




Greece



Spain & The Canary Islands



Portugal



Cyprus



Turkey



Croatia



Italy



Malta






Far East




Bali



Thailand



Hong Kong



Singapore






Caribbean & Mexico




Mexico



Dominican Republic



Antigua



Barbados



St Lucia



Jamaica






Indian Ocean




Maldives



Mauritius



Seychelles



Sri Lanka






The Middle East




Dubai



Oman



United Arab Emirates





North Africa



Morocco








Holiday Types







Five Star Holidays



Island Hopping



Cruise and Stay



Luxury Crewed Yacht Charter



Luxury Rail Travel



Weddings Abroad



Something Different









All Inclusive Holidays



Family Friendly Holidays



Adult Only Holidays



Couples Holidays



Luxury Honeymoons



Multi-Centre Holidays








Hotel Collections







Hotel With Villas



Hotels with Spas



Hotels With Swim Up Rooms



Hotels With Private Pools



Boutique Hotels



Paradores







Offers




Contact us







Contact Us



About Us



Your Trusted Advisers



Booking with Sovereign



Our Brochure









Home



Destinations



Holiday Types



Hotel Collections



Offers



Contact us





















Luxury United Arab Emirates Holidays

Arab heritage and hyper-modern cities









Home



Sovereign Holidays


United Arab Emirates





Your Search Results





United Arab Emirates


One of the fastest-growing countries in the world, the UAE is a tricky place to pin down. Settled in the Persian Gulf, its seven emirates provide a whirlwind of futuristic cityscapes, sun-baked desert and mountain scenery.

The picturesque coast has pushed the country forward as a five-star beach destination, with up-and-coming resorts like Ras Al Khaimah settling luxury hotels and yachting marinas on its silky white shores.

Next door to Ras Al Khaimah, you have Dubai. The UAE’s poster child, Dubai has spent the past couple of decades creating world record breakers from its sand-dusted traditions, boasting the biggest structure in the world, the largest shopping malls and the most luxurious hotels – and creating one of the world’s most stylish, diverse and exciting cities in the process.









Destinations in UAE









Dubai

Dubai is larger than life, setting out record-breaking skyscrapers, shopping malls with ski hills, designer islands and glittering canal-striped neighbourhoods against an Arabian Desert backdrop.



Find out more









Ras Al Khaimah

Ras al Khaimah is the most northerly emirate in the UAE, resting against the Omani border. Thanks to its gulf-side spot, sandy beaches are its speciality.



Find out more









Search for your holiday here





Your Search Results







Flight Information

Flight time from the UK to the UAE is around 6 hours 30 minutes.




When to go

Emirati summers are classic of the Middle East: long, hot and humid. Average temperatures are in the high 30s and early 40s pretty much from May through to September, when humidity can top 80%. Winter is a more comfortable time to visit, with temperatures between November and April sticking around the mid-to-high 20s with little chance of rain.




Visa Information

British citizens will be granted a free 30-day visa upon arrival in the UAE.




Tipping

In most tourist destinations in the Emirates (such as Dubai and Ras al Khaimah), it’s customary to leave a 10% cash tip in restaurants. Small tips are appreciated for other services; aim for five to 20 UAE dirhams for porters bringing your bags to your room and for taxi drivers.








United Arab Emirates specialities


The UAE is fabulous for food, with international cuisine and gourmet dining everywhere you turn, but make sure you save some room for a few traditional dishes, too. The cuisine reflects its typically Arab heritage, with lots of spices like saffron and turmeric. Popular dishes include ghuzi (roast lamb served with roti) and wara enab (grape leaves stuffed with rice, mint, onions and tomatoes). Particular emirates have their own traditions: in Dubai, for example, Fridays are all about Champagne brunches.






Food & Drink





Our pick of the top hotels in the United Arab Emirates

Every one of our hotels is handpicked and personally visited by our team







Atlantis the Palm

Dubai, The Palm







Find out more









Jumeirah Zabeel Saray

Dubai, The Palm







Find out more









Waldorf Astoria Dubai Palm Jumeirah

Dubai, The Palm







Find out more









JA Palm Tree Court

Dubai, Jebel Ali







Find out more









Jumeirah Beach Hotel

Dubai, Jumeirah Beach







Find out more









Waldorf Astoria Ras Al Khaimah

Ras Al Khaimah, Ras Al Khaimah







Find out more







View all hotels in the United Arab Emirates










What our customers think



We've been finding people their own slice of paradise for 45 years, and like to think we're pretty good at it.

Don't just take our word for it, though - see what our customers have said about their Sovereign experience..

Read customer reviews...









Call to book or speak to one of our Trusted Advisers
01293 762400*




The Sovereign Experience



About Us



Booking With Sovereign



Your Trusted Advisers



Airport Lounge Access



Your Holiday Is Protected





Already Booked?



Ways To Pay



Advance Passenger Information



FCO Travel Advice



Staying Safe Abroad



FAQs





Other



Terms and Policies



Privacy Policy



Our Family



Blog



Media enquiries and Press releases



Careers



Make-A-Wish







Award Winning Holidays from Sovereign












Connect with us



















Contact Us



Cookies Policy



Website Terms and Conditions



Agent login






Sovereign is a trading name of Specialist Holidays (Travel) Limited, which is part of the Travelopia Group of companies.
           Registered in England. Company Number: 446617. Registered Office: Origin One, 108 High Street, Crawley, West Sussex, RH10 1BD VAT Number: 252244234.





The Foreign Commonwealth Office and the NHS have up-to-date advice on staying safe and healthy abroad. For more on security, local laws, plus passport and visa information, see
https://travelaware.campaign.gov.uk/
. Keep informed of current travel health news by visiting
www.fitfortravel.nhs.uk
. For further information, please visit our "Travel Aware" information page at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/staying-safe-abroad/
.

Many of the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme but ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. Please see our booking conditions at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/
for information or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to:
http://www.caa.co.uk/atol-protection/
. We will provide you with financial protection for any package holidays you buy from us that do not include travel by air by way of a bond held by ABTA. For further information, visit the ABTA website at www.abta.com. If you book arrangements other than an ATOL protected flight or a package holiday, the financial protection referred to above does not apply. Our ATOL number is 0285 and our ABTA number is V4068.


*calls are charged at your provider's local or national rate.













Sign up for offers




Request a Quote




Request a Brochure













