
Luxury Lanzarote Holidays 2018/2019 | Sovereign



















Sovereign's Cookie Policy

This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are consenting to cookies being used. For information on cookies please see our
Cookies Policy
.



I agree







Toggle navigation












All hotels visited and approved by us.
Call our Trusted Advisers on:


01293 762400*


Call us between 9am -  8pm











Home




Destinations




Recommended




Tenerife



Ibiza



Lanzarote



Santorini



Sardinia



Madeira



Cancun



Phuket






Europe




Greece



Spain & The Canary Islands



Portugal



Cyprus



Turkey



Croatia



Italy



Malta






Far East




Bali



Thailand



Hong Kong



Singapore






Caribbean & Mexico




Mexico



Dominican Republic



Antigua



Barbados



St Lucia



Jamaica






Indian Ocean




Maldives



Mauritius



Seychelles



Sri Lanka






The Middle East




Dubai



Oman



United Arab Emirates





North Africa



Morocco








Holiday Types







Five Star Holidays



Island Hopping



Cruise and Stay



Luxury Crewed Yacht Charter



Luxury Rail Travel



Weddings Abroad



Something Different









All Inclusive Holidays



Family Friendly Holidays



Adult Only Holidays



Couples Holidays



Luxury Honeymoons



Multi-Centre Holidays








Hotel Collections







Hotel With Villas



Hotels with Spas



Hotels With Swim Up Rooms



Hotels With Private Pools



Boutique Hotels



Paradores







Offers




Contact us







Contact Us



About Us



Your Trusted Advisers



Booking with Sovereign



Our Brochure









Home



Destinations



Holiday Types



Hotel Collections



Offers



Contact us





















Luxury Lanzarote Holidays

Sandy beaches and lunar-like scenery









Home



Sovereign Holidays



Spain


Lanzarote





Your Search Results





Lanzarote


First-class beaches, year-round sunshine and volcanic landscapes are Lanzarote's hallmarks. Its lunar-like scenery has even earned it UNESCO Biosphere Reserve status – a trip to the lava fields and craters of Timanfaya National Park is a must while you’re on the island.

Lanzarote is only 60 kilometres long, so it's easy to get out and about. In the south, you've got beach resorts like Playa Blanca, Costa Teguise and Playa de los Pocillos, while in the north, you'll find little fishing villages and family-run seafood restaurants. You’re only a half-hour ferry ride from neighbouring Fuerteventura, too, in case you fancy exploring its giant sand dunes.

Artist and architect César Manrique was one of Lanzarote's most famous residents. You can catch his quirky creations all over the island – Jameos del Agua, in the north, is one of the best. It's a series of caves that Manrique transformed into a concert hall, bar, restaurant and swimming pool.












Lewis Parker

One of my favourite things to do here is driving up to Timanfaya National Park and stopping at special view points along the way for great photo opportunities. You can enjoy a delicious dinner at the restaurant El Diablo, where they cook from the volcano-heated barbecue, while listening to live Canarian music and watching the sun set.


Find Out More








Destinations in Lanzarote









Costa Teguise

Costa Teguise carved itself a space on the rugged north-east coast in the 1980s. As such, it’s a perfectly formed beach town – sand-side hotels and bougainvillea-draped promenade included.



Find out more









Playa Blanca

Playa Blanca relaxes along the south coast. It’s got the whole package – a sandy beach, palm garden hotels, prom-side restaurants, and a marina that launches day trips to Fuerteventura.



Find out more









Puerto Del Carmen

You’ll glimpse all sides of Lanzarote in southerly Puerto del Carmen. It’s got three beaches, an old town with a working harbour, and a backcountry of volcanic craters.



Find out more



















Your Search Results





Things to do in Lanzarote

Discover Yaiza

This postcard-pretty spot has twice been named Spain's loveliest village. Wander around and you'll find a tree-lined main square, a 17th-century church, and a clutch of traditional tapas bars.

Find out more





Things to do in Lanzarote

Have a meal with a difference in Timanfaya National Park

The Fire Mountains - craters of 100-odd volcanoes - form the centrepiece of Timanfaya National Park. The temperature just below the surface can still reach a scorching 600 degrees, and chefs at the Manrique-designed El Diablo restaurant take full advantage of this. Instead of using ovens, they'll grill up your lunch using the geothermal heat.

Find out more





Things to do in Lanzarote

Peek inside Manrique's former home

Built back in 1968, Cesar Manrique's house is as unique as his artworks, using volcanic bubbles and caves for the main rooms. The art gallery here is also worth a look - as well as creations by Manrique, you'll find works from Pablo Picasso and Joan Miró.

Find out more






Our pick of the top hotels in Lanzarote

Every one of our hotels is handpicked and personally visited by our team




Recommended




Princesa Yaiza Suite Hotel Resort

Lanzarote, Playa Blanca







Find out more






Recommended




H10 Timanfaya Palace

Lanzarote, Playa Blanca







Find out more






Recommended




Hotel Volcan Lanzarote

Lanzarote, Playa Blanca







Find out more









Melia Salinas & The Garden Villas

Lanzarote, Costa Teguise







Find out more









La Isla y el Mar

Lanzarote, Puerto del Carmen







Find out more







View all hotels in Lanzarote



Lanzarote Specialities


Like much of Spanish and Canarian cuisine, Lanzarote’s staple dishes are created using basic ingredients produced by its land. The island’s volcanic soil and near-perfect climate certainly help here, with an abundance of fresh fruit and vegetables. Seafood is ubiquitous; sea bream, sea bass and vieja (parrotfish) are the most common, and are usually served grilled. Lanzarote also loves its stews; rabbit stew (conejo) is a local delicacy.








Food & Drink








Typical Costs





Bottle of beer

€2-2.50






Bus return

€5






Cup of coffee

€ 1.50






Glass of wine

€3-3.50






Main course

€8-14






Small souvenir

€ 4







Flight Information

Flight time from the UK to Lanzarote is around 4 hours 15 minutes.




When to go

Summers in Lanzarote are warm and dry, rarely falling below 25°C. A reliable beach destination all year round, the Canaries boast some the warmest winters around (temperatures tend to stick to the late teens), with lovely mild springs and autumns.



Visa Information

Currently visas are not required for UK citizens travelling to Spain.




Tipping

Restaurant bills include a service charge by law in Spain, so whether you choose to tip further is up to you. If you enjoyed the meal and service, it is customary to leave 5-10%. Hotel porters and maids will appreciate a small tip, and while taxi drivers don’t require a tip, it’s common to round up the fare.



Introduction to languages

The official language of Spain is Spanish. English is widely spoken too, so getting by is easy.











Frequently Asked Questions














Where are the best places to taste the local wine?







There are numerous vineyards, so finding an option for wine tasting is easy. Lanzarote has 13 vineyards (known locally as bodegas), covering 5,000 acres of the island. The vines are protected from the harsh canary winds by being planted in hollows, meaning the vineyards are a particularly unusual sight.



















What our customers think



We've been finding people their own slice of paradise for 45 years, and like to think we're pretty good at it.

Don't just take our word for it, though - see what our customers have said about their Sovereign experience..

Read customer reviews...









Call to book or speak to one of our Trusted Advisers
01293 762400*




The Sovereign Experience



About Us



Booking With Sovereign



Your Trusted Advisers



Airport Lounge Access



Your Holiday Is Protected





Already Booked?



Ways To Pay



Advance Passenger Information



FCO Travel Advice



Staying Safe Abroad



FAQs





Other



Terms and Policies



Privacy Policy



Our Family



Blog



Media enquiries and Press releases



Careers



Make-A-Wish







Award Winning Holidays from Sovereign












Connect with us



















Contact Us



Cookies Policy



Website Terms and Conditions



Agent login






Sovereign is a trading name of Specialist Holidays (Travel) Limited, which is part of the Travelopia Group of companies.
           Registered in England. Company Number: 446617. Registered Office: Origin One, 108 High Street, Crawley, West Sussex, RH10 1BD VAT Number: 252244234.





The Foreign Commonwealth Office and the NHS have up-to-date advice on staying safe and healthy abroad. For more on security, local laws, plus passport and visa information, see
https://travelaware.campaign.gov.uk/
. Keep informed of current travel health news by visiting
www.fitfortravel.nhs.uk
. For further information, please visit our "Travel Aware" information page at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/staying-safe-abroad/
.

Many of the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme but ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. Please see our booking conditions at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/
for information or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to:
http://www.caa.co.uk/atol-protection/
. We will provide you with financial protection for any package holidays you buy from us that do not include travel by air by way of a bond held by ABTA. For further information, visit the ABTA website at www.abta.com. If you book arrangements other than an ATOL protected flight or a package holiday, the financial protection referred to above does not apply. Our ATOL number is 0285 and our ABTA number is V4068.


*calls are charged at your provider's local or national rate.













Sign up for offers




Request a Quote




Request a Brochure













