
Careers | Work With Us | Sovereign Luxury Travel



















Sovereign's Cookie Policy

This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are consenting to cookies being used. For information on cookies please see our
Cookies Policy
.



I agree







Toggle navigation












All hotels visited and approved by us.
Call our Trusted Advisers on:


01293 762400*


Call us between 9am -  8pm











Home




Destinations




Recommended




Tenerife



Ibiza



Lanzarote



Santorini



Sardinia



Madeira



Cancun



Phuket






Europe




Greece



Spain & The Canary Islands



Portugal



Cyprus



Turkey



Croatia



Italy



Malta






Far East




Bali



Thailand



Hong Kong



Singapore






Caribbean & Mexico




Mexico



Dominican Republic



Antigua



Barbados



St Lucia



Jamaica






Indian Ocean




Maldives



Mauritius



Seychelles



Sri Lanka






The Middle East




Dubai



Oman



United Arab Emirates





North Africa



Morocco








Holiday Types







Five Star Holidays



Island Hopping



Cruise and Stay



Luxury Crewed Yacht Charter



Luxury Rail Travel



Weddings Abroad



Something Different









All Inclusive Holidays



Family Friendly Holidays



Adult Only Holidays



Couples Holidays



Luxury Honeymoons



Multi-Centre Holidays








Hotel Collections







Hotel With Villas



Hotels with Spas



Hotels With Swim Up Rooms



Hotels With Private Pools



Boutique Hotels



Paradores







Offers




Contact us







Contact Us



About Us



Your Trusted Advisers



Booking with Sovereign



Our Brochure









Home



Destinations



Holiday Types



Hotel Collections



Offers



Contact us





















Careers











Home



About us


Careers










Who are we?

We have been creating bespoke luxury holidays for more than 45 years, tailor-making itineraries to suit each customer perfectly, whether it’s island-hopping around Greece or snorkelling in Maldives. Now, we are proud to be one of 53 unique brands in the Travelopia Group.

Why work for Sovereign?

Here at Sovereign, we are passionate about what we do. Service is a huge part of our culture here – we care about our customers and each other. Is this something you want to be a part of? Take a look at our jobs page to see if there’s a career at Sovereign waiting for you.

Speculative application

If you like the sound of what we do here, submit your CV and cover letter for the opportunity to work with us. Email us here:

[email protected]

8 reasons to work for Sovereign


The people
We are passionate people who believe in the Sovereign product and brand. Travel is in our blood and offering the best service is what we are all about. Working together, our people create a friendly and fun working environment.


Travel
It’s first-hand travel experiences that give our people the knowledge and insight that they need to work here. We like to give our staff the opportunity to take trips and understand what our customers will be experiencing with us.


Our reward scheme
Here at Sovereign, if you work hard, you will be rewarded. Commission and earnings are competitive…


Benefits and incentives
Working in travel comes with great travel benefits. Of course, there’s the opportunity to take advantage of discounted holidays and even be in with a chance to win holidays. However, there are also benefits such as discounted rail travel and additional annual leave purchase (for all those holidays, of course) on offer.


Exceptional products
As an award-winning luxury holiday company, we sell some incredibly exciting holidays, from boutique boltholes and beachfront retreats, to five-star cruising and private crewed yacht holidays.


Social events
Being travel lovers has made us all a pretty sociable bunch. We’re always planning the next event, whether it’s a team activity, a supplier event, or our big summer and Christmas parties.


Job satisfaction
Tailoring a dream holiday to fit a customer perfectly is a pretty satisfying part of working at Sovereign (and talking about stunning destinations all day is great, too).


Career progression
Sovereign staff are valued for their enthusiasm and hard work. We pride ourselves on giving members of staff the opportunity to progress should they want to, with great training and development
















What our customers think



We've been finding people their own slice of paradise for 45 years, and like to think we're pretty good at it.

Don't just take our word for it, though - see what our customers have said about their Sovereign experience..

Read customer reviews...









Call to book or speak to one of our Trusted Advisers
01293 762400*




The Sovereign Experience



About Us



Booking With Sovereign



Your Trusted Advisers



Airport Lounge Access



Your Holiday Is Protected





Already Booked?



Ways To Pay



Advance Passenger Information



FCO Travel Advice



Staying Safe Abroad



FAQs





Other



Terms and Policies



Privacy Policy



Our Family



Blog



Media enquiries and Press releases



Careers



Make-A-Wish







Award Winning Holidays from Sovereign












Connect with us



















Contact Us



Cookies Policy



Website Terms and Conditions



Agent login






Sovereign is a trading name of Specialist Holidays (Travel) Limited, which is part of the Travelopia Group of companies.
           Registered in England. Company Number: 446617. Registered Office: Origin One, 108 High Street, Crawley, West Sussex, RH10 1BD VAT Number: 252244234.





The Foreign Commonwealth Office and the NHS have up-to-date advice on staying safe and healthy abroad. For more on security, local laws, plus passport and visa information, see
https://travelaware.campaign.gov.uk/
. Keep informed of current travel health news by visiting
www.fitfortravel.nhs.uk
. For further information, please visit our "Travel Aware" information page at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/staying-safe-abroad/
.

Many of the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme but ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. Please see our booking conditions at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/
for information or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to:
http://www.caa.co.uk/atol-protection/
. We will provide you with financial protection for any package holidays you buy from us that do not include travel by air by way of a bond held by ABTA. For further information, visit the ABTA website at www.abta.com. If you book arrangements other than an ATOL protected flight or a package holiday, the financial protection referred to above does not apply. Our ATOL number is 0285 and our ABTA number is V4068.


*calls are charged at your provider's local or national rate.













Sign up for offers




Request a Quote




Request a Brochure













