
Luxury Jamaica Holidays 2018/2019 | Sovereign



















Sovereign's Cookie Policy

This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are consenting to cookies being used. For information on cookies please see our
Cookies Policy
.



I agree







Toggle navigation












All hotels visited and approved by us.
Call our Trusted Advisers on:


01293 762400*


Call us between 9am -  8pm











Home




Destinations




Recommended




Tenerife



Ibiza



Lanzarote



Santorini



Sardinia



Madeira



Cancun



Phuket






Europe




Greece



Spain & The Canary Islands



Portugal



Cyprus



Turkey



Croatia



Italy



Malta






Far East




Bali



Thailand



Hong Kong



Singapore






Caribbean & Mexico




Mexico



Dominican Republic



Antigua



Barbados



St Lucia



Jamaica






Indian Ocean




Maldives



Mauritius



Seychelles



Sri Lanka






The Middle East




Dubai



Oman



United Arab Emirates





North Africa



Morocco








Holiday Types







Five Star Holidays



Island Hopping



Cruise and Stay



Luxury Crewed Yacht Charter



Luxury Rail Travel



Weddings Abroad



Something Different









All Inclusive Holidays



Family Friendly Holidays



Adult Only Holidays



Couples Holidays



Luxury Honeymoons



Multi-Centre Holidays








Hotel Collections







Hotel With Villas



Hotels with Spas



Hotels With Swim Up Rooms



Hotels With Private Pools



Boutique Hotels



Paradores







Offers




Contact us







Contact Us



About Us



Your Trusted Advisers



Booking with Sovereign



Our Brochure









Home



Destinations



Holiday Types



Hotel Collections



Offers



Contact us





















Luxury Jamaica Holidays

Balmy beach days and rum-fuelled nights









Home



Sovereign Holidays


Jamaica





Your Search Results





Jamaica

Jamaica is one of the coolest Caribbean islands (and we're not talking temperatures). The island's famously laid-back attitude tends to rub off easily - you'll understand why once you spot the palm-fringed sands and sip your first rum punch at a barefoot beach bar.

Although beaches are its calling card, Jamaica's good looks aren't confined to the coastline; the interior of the island is just as handsome, with tropical forests and cascading waterfalls to discover. Montego Bay (Mo'Bay to locals) is Jamaica's second-in-command after the capital, Kingston. There's plenty going on here, with everything from white-water rafting to rounds of golf to tempt you during the day. After dark, you can enjoy bars, restaurants and browsing in bric-a-brac huts - all to a soundtrack of reggae rhythms.

If you're after a dose of culture, take a trip to one of the island's 18th-century plantations (Rose Hall is one of the best), or stop by coastal Falmouth for well-preserved Georgian buildings.








Destinations in Jamaica









Montego Bay

Montego Bay is a Caribbean postcard of sugary sands and coconut palms. The port is also a cruise route classic, so expect plenty in the way of beach clubhouses and cocktail bars.



Find out more











Flight Information

Flight time from the UK to Jamaica is approximately 9 hours 45 minutes.



When to go


The island basks in sunshine for most of the year, with highs usually hovering in the high 20s and early 30s. The best time to visit Jamaica is between December and April, although you can still expect plenty of sunshine in the 'rainy' months between May and November.




Visa Information

UK visitors don't need a visa for Jamaica (unless you're planning on staying for longer than 90 days).



Introduction to languages

The official language of Jamaica is English.


Health

When travelling to Jamaica, the following immunisations are recommended: hepatitis A, typhoid and polio. All routine immunisations should be up to date. For full details, please contact your GP.







Jamaica specialities


Jamaican food is hot and spicy. Try the famous jerk pork (barbecued spiced meat) and the ubiquitous 'rice 'n' peas', which is actually made with rice, coconut milk and beans, not peas!

On the drinks front, look out for
the delicious 'Rumona', the world's only rum-based liqueur.






Food & Drink










Frequently Asked Questions














What power plugs and sockets are used in Jamaica?







In Jamaica the power plugs and sockets used are type A and B,
the two pin plugs commonly seen across Europe
. The standard voltage is 110 V and the standard frequency is 50 Hz.










Our pick of the top hotels in Jamaica

Every one of our hotels is handpicked and personally visited by our team







Hyatt Zilara Rose Hall

Jamaica, Montego Bay







Find out more









Hyatt Ziva Rose Hall

Jamaica, Montego Bay







Find out more









Round Hill Hotel & Villas

Jamaica, Montego Bay







Find out more









Zoetry Montego Bay

Jamaica, Montego Bay







Find out more







View all hotels in Jamaica










What our customers think



We've been finding people their own slice of paradise for 45 years, and like to think we're pretty good at it.

Don't just take our word for it, though - see what our customers have said about their Sovereign experience..

Read customer reviews...









Call to book or speak to one of our Trusted Advisers
01293 762400*




The Sovereign Experience



About Us



Booking With Sovereign



Your Trusted Advisers



Airport Lounge Access



Your Holiday Is Protected





Already Booked?



Ways To Pay



Advance Passenger Information



FCO Travel Advice



Staying Safe Abroad



FAQs





Other



Terms and Policies



Privacy Policy



Our Family



Blog



Media enquiries and Press releases



Careers



Make-A-Wish







Award Winning Holidays from Sovereign












Connect with us



















Contact Us



Cookies Policy



Website Terms and Conditions



Agent login






Sovereign is a trading name of Specialist Holidays (Travel) Limited, which is part of the Travelopia Group of companies.
           Registered in England. Company Number: 446617. Registered Office: Origin One, 108 High Street, Crawley, West Sussex, RH10 1BD VAT Number: 252244234.





The Foreign Commonwealth Office and the NHS have up-to-date advice on staying safe and healthy abroad. For more on security, local laws, plus passport and visa information, see
https://travelaware.campaign.gov.uk/
. Keep informed of current travel health news by visiting
www.fitfortravel.nhs.uk
. For further information, please visit our "Travel Aware" information page at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/staying-safe-abroad/
.

Many of the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme but ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. Please see our booking conditions at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/
for information or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to:
http://www.caa.co.uk/atol-protection/
. We will provide you with financial protection for any package holidays you buy from us that do not include travel by air by way of a bond held by ABTA. For further information, visit the ABTA website at www.abta.com. If you book arrangements other than an ATOL protected flight or a package holiday, the financial protection referred to above does not apply. Our ATOL number is 0285 and our ABTA number is V4068.


*calls are charged at your provider's local or national rate.













Sign up for offers




Request a Quote




Request a Brochure













