
Luxury Island-Hopping Holidays 2018/2019 | Sovereign



















Sovereign's Cookie Policy

This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are consenting to cookies being used. For information on cookies please see our
Cookies Policy
.



I agree







Toggle navigation












All hotels visited and approved by us.
Call our Trusted Advisers on:


01293 762400*


Call us between 9am -  8pm











Home




Destinations




Recommended




Tenerife



Ibiza



Lanzarote



Santorini



Sardinia



Madeira



Cancun



Phuket






Europe




Greece



Spain & The Canary Islands



Portugal



Cyprus



Turkey



Croatia



Italy



Malta






Far East




Bali



Thailand



Hong Kong



Singapore






Caribbean & Mexico




Mexico



Dominican Republic



Antigua



Barbados



St Lucia



Jamaica






Indian Ocean




Maldives



Mauritius



Seychelles



Sri Lanka






The Middle East




Dubai



Oman



United Arab Emirates





North Africa



Morocco








Holiday Types







Five Star Holidays



Island Hopping



Cruise and Stay



Luxury Crewed Yacht Charter



Luxury Rail Travel



Weddings Abroad



Something Different









All Inclusive Holidays



Family Friendly Holidays



Adult Only Holidays



Couples Holidays



Luxury Honeymoons



Multi-Centre Holidays








Hotel Collections







Hotel With Villas



Hotels with Spas



Hotels With Swim Up Rooms



Hotels With Private Pools



Boutique Hotels



Paradores







Offers




Contact us







Contact Us



About Us



Your Trusted Advisers



Booking with Sovereign



Our Brochure









Home



Destinations



Holiday Types



Hotel Collections



Offers



Contact us





















Island-hopping Holidays











Home



Luxury Holiday Types


Island Hopping










Once the preserve of backpackers on shoestring budgets, nowadays island-hopping holidays have gone high-end, with easy and comfortable ferries and flights to whisk you between islands. You’ll find some itinerary inspiration below, but don’t forget that our island-hopping holidays are completely bespoke – we can design an itinerary that’s unique to you.

Travel between the sun-warmed shores of the Greek Islands, team two of the Canaries or Balearics, even hop between Caribbean isles if you fancy. We’ll take care of all the logistics for you, booking any ferries and flights, as well as organising your private transfers and luxe hotel stays on each island.













Island-hopping itineraries tailored to suit you


Your Trusted Adviser will arrange all tickets and timings for you


Stay in luxury hotels with private transfers between airports and ferry ports










Greece


A classic island-hopping destination, you can travel between Greek isles by ferry or plane, or by crewed yacht from our base on the Athens Riviera.




Find Out More









Caribbean


Barbados, Antigua, St Lucia – why stop at just one Caribbean island? We can arrange flights between your chosen islands, or even a luxury cruise.




Find Out More









Spain


Follow a stay in Majorca with a few days on peaceful Menorca, or perhaps team sunny Lanzarote with neighbouring Fuerteventura.




Find Out More












Italy


Opt for a private crewed yacht charter around the islands of the Bay of Naples, or combine stays on the country’s biggest islands, Sicily and Sardinia.




Find Out More









Croatia


Stay on the coast for a while, then board a luxury crewed yacht to tour postcard-pretty islands like Brac, Hvar, Vis and Korcula.




Find Out More









Itinerary suggestion

Mykonos, Santorini & Crete


At a glance


Discover three classically Greek islands

Sip cocktails in Little Venice, Mykonos

Watch Santorini’s famous sunset

Unwind on the sandy beaches of Crete


9 days from
£1995
per person


Find out more









Interested in this holiday? To book or for more information, call our Trusted Advisers on
01293 762400*
.
















Samantha Grist

We take care of every aspect of your island-hopping holiday, so you’ll have no worries about timetabling or tickets. Just tell us where you want to go and we’ll create an itinerary to suit.


Find Out More








Natasha Starkin

Greece is one of the easiest destinations for island-hopping. I recently combined Mykonos and Santorini, which was a fantastic trip. Rhodes and Kos also makes a great pairing.


Find Out More










Frequently Asked Questions








How do I book my island-hopping holiday?






To plan and book your island-hopping holiday, call our Trusted Advisers on 01293 762400*. They’ve got access to all sorts of timetables, ferry routes and flight options, so they can create a personalised itinerary just for you.







How do I get to and from the ferry ports, airports and hotels?






We’ll arrange private transfers for you, so you won’t need to worry about getting around with all your luggage. They’ll be there to take you to and from your hotel on every island, whether you’re arriving by boat or plane.







How many islands can I combine?






It depends how long you’ve got! We’d recommend sticking to two or three in one trip, but if you want to explore more, that’s fine too – we’ll take you through timetables and travel options to work out a logical route.







How will I get my tickets?






Your tickets for ferries or internal flights will either be sent to you before you leave the UK or delivered to your hotel. Your Trusted Adviser will let you know all the details, as well as information on the timings of flights and ferries.








A Luxe Guide To Greek Island Hopping

04/24/2017



Forget battered backpacks and snail’s-pace ferries – Greek island-hopping has gone upmarket. Comfortable ferries and convenient timetables make travelling between isles as easy as a hop, skip and a jump to the nearest ferry port.

Read More






Similar holidays by Sovereign










Crewed Yacht Charters


After a few days on land, board a private yacht and enjoy chef-prepared gourmet meals as your skipper takes you around the beautiful islands of Greece, Italy or Croatia.




Find Out More









Cruise & stay


Whether it’s the islands of the Med, the Far East or the Caribbean, explore them in style with our cruise and stay holidays.




Find Out More









Itinerary suggestion

Split & crewed yacht charter


At a glance


Tour the World Heritage Site of Diocletian’s Palace

Sip coffee on Split’s waterfront promenade

A week’s sailing around the islands off the Dalmatian Coast

Sail in luxury with a dedicated skipper and gourmet chef


12 days from
£8999
per person


Find out more







You may also like...












Multi-centre Holidays










Something Different










Adult Only Holidays

















What our customers think



We've been finding people their own slice of paradise for 45 years, and like to think we're pretty good at it.

Don't just take our word for it, though - see what our customers have said about their Sovereign experience..

Read customer reviews...








Call to book or speak to one of our Trusted Advisers
01293 762400*




The Sovereign Experience



About Us



Booking With Sovereign



Your Trusted Advisers



Airport Lounge Access



Your Holiday Is Protected





Already Booked?



Ways To Pay



Advance Passenger Information



FCO Travel Advice



Staying Safe Abroad



FAQs





Other



Terms and Policies



Privacy Policy



Our Family



Blog



Media enquiries and Press releases



Careers



Make-A-Wish







Award Winning Holidays from Sovereign












Connect with us



















Contact Us



Cookies Policy



Website Terms and Conditions



Agent login






Sovereign is a trading name of Specialist Holidays (Travel) Limited, which is part of the Travelopia Group of companies.
           Registered in England. Company Number: 446617. Registered Office: Origin One, 108 High Street, Crawley, West Sussex, RH10 1BD VAT Number: 252244234.





The Foreign Commonwealth Office and the NHS have up-to-date advice on staying safe and healthy abroad. For more on security, local laws, plus passport and visa information, see
https://travelaware.campaign.gov.uk/
. Keep informed of current travel health news by visiting
www.fitfortravel.nhs.uk
. For further information, please visit our "Travel Aware" information page at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/staying-safe-abroad/
.

Many of the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme but ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. Please see our booking conditions at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/
for information or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to:
http://www.caa.co.uk/atol-protection/
. We will provide you with financial protection for any package holidays you buy from us that do not include travel by air by way of a bond held by ABTA. For further information, visit the ABTA website at www.abta.com. If you book arrangements other than an ATOL protected flight or a package holiday, the financial protection referred to above does not apply. Our ATOL number is 0285 and our ABTA number is V4068.


*calls are charged at your provider's local or national rate.












Sign up for offers




Request a Quote




Request a Brochure





