
Luxury Hotels with a Difference 2018/2019 | Sovereign



















Sovereign's Cookie Policy

This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are consenting to cookies being used. For information on cookies please see our
Cookies Policy
.



I agree







Toggle navigation












All hotels visited and approved by us.
Call our Trusted Advisers on:


01293 762400*


Call us between 9am -  8pm











Home




Destinations




Recommended




Tenerife



Ibiza



Lanzarote



Santorini



Sardinia



Madeira



Cancun



Phuket






Europe




Greece



Spain & The Canary Islands



Portugal



Cyprus



Turkey



Croatia



Italy



Malta






Far East




Bali



Thailand



Hong Kong



Singapore






Caribbean & Mexico




Mexico



Dominican Republic



Antigua



Barbados



St Lucia



Jamaica






Indian Ocean




Maldives



Mauritius



Seychelles



Sri Lanka






The Middle East




Dubai



Oman



United Arab Emirates





North Africa



Morocco








Holiday Types







Five Star Holidays



Island Hopping



Cruise and Stay



Luxury Crewed Yacht Charter



Luxury Rail Travel



Weddings Abroad



Something Different









All Inclusive Holidays



Family Friendly Holidays



Adult Only Holidays



Couples Holidays



Luxury Honeymoons



Multi-Centre Holidays








Hotel Collections







Hotel With Villas



Hotels with Spas



Hotels With Swim Up Rooms



Hotels With Private Pools



Boutique Hotels



Paradores







Offers




Contact us







Contact Us



About Us



Your Trusted Advisers



Booking with Sovereign



Our Brochure









Home



Destinations



Holiday Types



Hotel Collections



Offers



Contact us





















Something Different











Home



Luxury Holiday Types


Something Different










How would you fancy a night in a dreamy transparent ‘bubble suite’, with wraparound views of the Mauritian jungle and a star-filled sky above? Or a five-star Bedouin suite hidden in Dubai’s desert dunes? How about a luxury treehouse, complete with Egyptian cotton sheets, freestanding bathtub and private pool?

These quirky, unique stays are perfect if you’re after something a little different for your next adventure. Stay for a night or two, or spend your whole holiday here – it's completely up to you. Just let your Trusted Adviser know what you'd like to do (or ask them for recommendations) and they'll do the rest.













Unique and unusual holidays all handpicked by our team


Ask us about memorable experiences and activities


Stay as little or as long as you like - just tell your Trusted Adviser what you prefer










Casale Panayiotis, Cyprus


Spread across eight houses in a spa village deep in the Troodos Mountains, Casale Panayiotis perfectly marries authentic Cypriot culture with boutique luxury – activities here include halloumi-making workshops, wine tastings and local-led village tours.




Find Out More









Al Maha, A Luxury Collection Desert Resort & Spa, Dubai


These Bedouin-style tents in Dubai’s Desert Conservation Reserve are decked out in handcrafted Arabian furnishings and antiques, with dreamy views over the desert landscape from their private infinity pools.




Find Out More








Quirky jungle stay

Bubble Lodge, Mauritius

The transparent ‘bubble’ suites here give you all the romance of a night under the stars, with a few added home comforts. They’re hidden away among lush, tropical greenery on one of the island’s oldest tea plantations.






Find out more










Lakaz Chamarel Exclusive Lodge, Mauritius


Lakaz Chamarel Exclusive Lodge is an eco-friendly boutique hotel in Black River Gorges National Park. Built from scratch by its current owners and their daughters, each room has a different story and is decorated with artworks and furniture made by local artists.




Find Out More









Ladera Resort, St Lucia


Teetering on a volcanic ridge, Ladera lines up some of the best Pitons views on St Lucia. Rooms are all built from eco-friendly local materials – opt for a suite and you’ll have an ‘open wall’ leading out to a sea-view private plunge pool.




Find Out More









Uga Jungle Beach, Sri Lanka

Foodies are well catered for at this eco-luxe resort on Sri Lanka’s quieter north-east coast. The focus is on authentic cuisine, with traditional recipes created using fresh, locally sourced and (where possible) organic produce.



Find Out More









Keemala, Thailand

Although the villas here are incredible (think luxe treehouses with private pools and rainforest views), try and tear yourself away for a champagne picnic on the beach or a bespoke treatment in the standout spa.



Find out more







You might also like...












Hotels With Private Pools










Multi-centre Holidays










Boutique Hotels

















What our customers think



We've been finding people their own slice of paradise for 45 years, and like to think we're pretty good at it.

Don't just take our word for it, though - see what our customers have said about their Sovereign experience..

Read customer reviews...








Call to book or speak to one of our Trusted Advisers
01293 762400*




The Sovereign Experience



About Us



Booking With Sovereign



Your Trusted Advisers



Airport Lounge Access



Your Holiday Is Protected





Already Booked?



Ways To Pay



Advance Passenger Information



FCO Travel Advice



Staying Safe Abroad



FAQs





Other



Terms and Policies



Privacy Policy



Our Family



Blog



Media enquiries and Press releases



Careers



Make-A-Wish







Award Winning Holidays from Sovereign












Connect with us



















Contact Us



Cookies Policy



Website Terms and Conditions



Agent login






Sovereign is a trading name of Specialist Holidays (Travel) Limited, which is part of the Travelopia Group of companies.
           Registered in England. Company Number: 446617. Registered Office: Origin One, 108 High Street, Crawley, West Sussex, RH10 1BD VAT Number: 252244234.





The Foreign Commonwealth Office and the NHS have up-to-date advice on staying safe and healthy abroad. For more on security, local laws, plus passport and visa information, see
https://travelaware.campaign.gov.uk/
. Keep informed of current travel health news by visiting
www.fitfortravel.nhs.uk
. For further information, please visit our "Travel Aware" information page at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/staying-safe-abroad/
.

Many of the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme but ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. Please see our booking conditions at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/
for information or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to:
http://www.caa.co.uk/atol-protection/
. We will provide you with financial protection for any package holidays you buy from us that do not include travel by air by way of a bond held by ABTA. For further information, visit the ABTA website at www.abta.com. If you book arrangements other than an ATOL protected flight or a package holiday, the financial protection referred to above does not apply. Our ATOL number is 0285 and our ABTA number is V4068.


*calls are charged at your provider's local or national rate.












Sign up for offers




Request a Quote




Request a Brochure





