
Luxury Italy Holidays 2018/2019 | Sovereign



















Sovereign's Cookie Policy

This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are consenting to cookies being used. For information on cookies please see our
Cookies Policy
.



I agree







Toggle navigation












All hotels visited and approved by us.
Call our Trusted Advisers on:


01293 762400*


Call us between 9am -  8pm











Home




Destinations




Recommended




Tenerife



Ibiza



Lanzarote



Santorini



Sardinia



Madeira



Cancun



Phuket






Europe




Greece



Spain & The Canary Islands



Portugal



Cyprus



Turkey



Croatia



Italy



Malta






Far East




Bali



Thailand



Hong Kong



Singapore






Caribbean & Mexico




Mexico



Dominican Republic



Antigua



Barbados



St Lucia



Jamaica






Indian Ocean




Maldives



Mauritius



Seychelles



Sri Lanka






The Middle East




Dubai



Oman



United Arab Emirates





North Africa



Morocco








Holiday Types







Five Star Holidays



Island Hopping



Cruise and Stay



Luxury Crewed Yacht Charter



Luxury Rail Travel



Weddings Abroad



Something Different









All Inclusive Holidays



Family Friendly Holidays



Adult Only Holidays



Couples Holidays



Luxury Honeymoons



Multi-Centre Holidays








Hotel Collections







Hotel With Villas



Hotels with Spas



Hotels With Swim Up Rooms



Hotels With Private Pools



Boutique Hotels



Paradores







Offers




Contact us







Contact Us



About Us



Your Trusted Advisers



Booking with Sovereign



Our Brochure









Home



Destinations



Holiday Types



Hotel Collections



Offers



Contact us





















Luxury Italy Holidays

La dolce vita









Home



Sovereign Holidays


Italy





Your Search Results





Italy

It's no surprise that Italy has been drawing in visitors for centuries. Its cities perfectly combine history with culture, hidden coves and luxury resorts dot the rugged coastline, and the countryside landscapes are some of the most photographed in the world.

For a sightseeing break, head for one of the cities. Rome - the Eternal City - lines up big-name sights like the Colosseum and Pantheon, while across the Tiber River in Vatican City, you'll find St. Peter's Basilica and the Sistine Chapel. Then there's Venice, with its network of canals dotted with gondolas. Or how about Verona, whose amphitheatre hosts one of Europe's most famous opera festivals?

If you fancy a beach break, take a look at one of the islands. Sardinia boasts some of the whitest sands in the Med, while Sicily teams its beaches with historical cities, road trip-worthy countryside and Europe's biggest volcano. If you'd rather stay on the mainland, look to the Neapolitan Riviera (home to clifftop Sorrento and pretty towns like Amalfi and Positano), glitzy Portofino, or undiscovered Puglia, down in Italy's 'heel'.

Up in the north, you've got the Lakes. They're framed by impressive mountain scenery and edged by picture-pretty waterside towns and villages. Lake Garda and Lake Maggiore, the biggest of the bunch, have a clutch of elegant hotels fringing their shores, while Lake Como's photogenic surroundings and chic restaurants have made it a celebrity favourite.








Destinations in Italy









Italian Cities

From Rome's ancient ruins and Florence's art galleries, to Venice's canal-side wine bars and Verona's ancient amphitheatre, Italy's cities are perfect for a short break or long weekend.



Find out more









Italian Lakes

Head to the Italian Lakes for some of Europe's most spectacular scenery (think soaring mountains and shimmering waters), plus chic lakefront towns and palatial villas.



Find out more









Liguria

Liguria swerves along the dramatic north-west coast of Italy. The region ticks off historic Genoa, stylish Portofino and the Cinque Terre – plus a collection of award-winning beaches and vineyards.



Find out more









Neapolitan Riviera

Sorrento, the Amalfi Coast, Pompeii, Capri... the Neapolitan Riviera packs in plenty of big names. You'll find quieter gems too, like lush Ischia and lofty Ravello.



Find out more









Puglia

Puglia paints the south-east corner of Italy. Architecture ranges from the baroque treasure box of Lecce to whitewashed
trulli
villages, while the landscape swings between beaches and vast olive groves.



Find out more









Sardinia

Sardinia is the king of the Italian islands, featuring a landscape that ranges from exclusive port towns and ivory-white beaches to agriturismo farms and villages set beside megalithic ruins.



Find out more









Sicily

Sicily is the biggest island in the Mediterranean. Scenery-wise, it’s also one of the most dramatic islands, serving up cliffside cities, craggy beach-swept bays and soaring Mount Etna.



Find out more









Tuscany

Tuscany goes above and beyond the clichés, matching hilltop villages, vineyards and fairy-tale cities with a year-long line-up of fantastic food and wine festivals.



Find out more









Search for your holiday here





Your Search Results





Things to do in Italy

Head for the beach

Italy’s cities might get the most attention, but the country also boasts a spectacular coastline. In Liguria, the sands are golden and often backed by brightly coloured houses, like in the Cinque Terre town of Monterosso. On the Neapolitan Riviera, the best sands can be found in the Amalfi Coast town of Maiori and on the island of Ischia, while over in Puglia, you’ll find countless white-sand beaches along the Adriatic coast.

Find out more





Things to do in Italy

Indulge in aperitivo

Whether you’ve been sightseeing or sunbathing, there’s still nothing better than indulging in aperitivo once the sun starts to set. The offering varies from bar to bar, but it traditionally involves drinks (go for Italian wine or perhaps a bitter cocktail such as a Negroni or Aperol spritz) and a mini-buffet of snacks and nibbles which you can help yourself to. Perfect to keep you going until a late dinner!


Find out more





Things to do in Italy

Join the locals in an evening passeggiata

La passeggiata, an early evening stroll with family or friends, is a quintessential part of Italian life. Whether you’re ambling along Rome’s Via del Corso, over the Ponte Vecchio in Florence, down Taormina’s Corso Umberto or through the Villa Comunale in Sorrento, just make sure you’re not in a hurry to get anywhere – the key to perfecting your passeggiata is to take it slow.


Find out more











Italy multi-centre holidays


Take a look at our suggested itineraries for inspiration, or call our Trusted Advisers on 01293 762400* for a bespoke multi-centre holiday.














Florence & Tuscany

10  day suggested trip


At a glance


Combine a city break with a week in the countryside

Tour Florence’s art galleries and museums

Stay in the scenic Tuscan countryside

Go wine tasting and explore historic hill towns




From
£2320
per person



Find out more










Rome & Amalfi Coast

11  day suggested trip


At a glance


Admire the Eternal City's ancient sights

Browse the boutiques of Via dei Condotti

Spend a week on the Amalfi Coast

Discover the chic island of Capri




From
£2299
per person



Find out more











Flight Information

Depending on where you fly to, flights to Italy can take between two and four hours.




When to go

The weather across Italy varies dramatically from the north to the south. During the summer months, temperatures can reach 30 degrees, while winter temperatures can drop to around three degrees.




Visa Information

British citizens do not currently require a visa to visit Italy.




Tipping

When you dine out in Italy, you will generally be charged a coperto (cover charge), which is for the bread, tablecloth, cutlery, etc. Tipping in Italy is not customary, but is always appreciated.




Introduction to languages

The official language of Italy is Italian. English is widely spoken too, so getting by is easy.








Italian cuisine


Italian is arguably one of the world’s best-loved cuisines. From pasta with rich sauces to light Mediterranean-style salads, delectable osso bucco to delightful, thin-crusted pizza, this delicious cuisine promotes simple cooking in a way that utilises the freshest seasonal ingredients. Prepare to sit down for an experience, rather than just a meal, with dinners often consisting of four or more courses.






Italian drinks


As the world’s number one producer (and consumer) of wine, your choices are endless. Try Valpolicella in Veneto or Nobile di Montepulciano and Brunello in Tuscany. For something a bit fruitier, try limoncello, a strong but delightful lemon liqueur, in Sorrento or Amalfi. When it comes to Italian caffé (coffee), you're in for a treat. The espresso beans are roasted medium to medium dark, with a smooth but strong flavour.






Food & Drink





Our pick of the top hotels in Italy

Every one of our hotels is handpicked and personally visited by our team







Imperial Hotel Tramontano

Neapolitan Riviera, Sorrento







Find out more









Chia Laguna Resort

Sardinia, Chia







Find out more









Grand Hotel Capodimonte

Neapolitan Riviera, Sorrento







Find out more









Hotel Bouganville

Sardinia, Forte Village







Find out more









Hotel Caesius Thermae & SPA Resort

Italian Lakes, Lake Garda







Find out more









Grand Hotel Excelsior Vittoria

Neapolitan Riviera, Sorrento







Find out more







View all hotels in Italy










What our customers think



We've been finding people their own slice of paradise for 45 years, and like to think we're pretty good at it.

Don't just take our word for it, though - see what our customers have said about their Sovereign experience..

Read customer reviews...









Call to book or speak to one of our Trusted Advisers
01293 762400*




The Sovereign Experience



About Us



Booking With Sovereign



Your Trusted Advisers



Airport Lounge Access



Your Holiday Is Protected





Already Booked?



Ways To Pay



Advance Passenger Information



FCO Travel Advice



Staying Safe Abroad



FAQs





Other



Terms and Policies



Privacy Policy



Our Family



Blog



Media enquiries and Press releases



Careers



Make-A-Wish







Award Winning Holidays from Sovereign












Connect with us



















Contact Us



Cookies Policy



Website Terms and Conditions



Agent login






Sovereign is a trading name of Specialist Holidays (Travel) Limited, which is part of the Travelopia Group of companies.
           Registered in England. Company Number: 446617. Registered Office: Origin One, 108 High Street, Crawley, West Sussex, RH10 1BD VAT Number: 252244234.





The Foreign Commonwealth Office and the NHS have up-to-date advice on staying safe and healthy abroad. For more on security, local laws, plus passport and visa information, see
https://travelaware.campaign.gov.uk/
. Keep informed of current travel health news by visiting
www.fitfortravel.nhs.uk
. For further information, please visit our "Travel Aware" information page at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/staying-safe-abroad/
.

Many of the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme but ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. Please see our booking conditions at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/
for information or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to:
http://www.caa.co.uk/atol-protection/
. We will provide you with financial protection for any package holidays you buy from us that do not include travel by air by way of a bond held by ABTA. For further information, visit the ABTA website at www.abta.com. If you book arrangements other than an ATOL protected flight or a package holiday, the financial protection referred to above does not apply. Our ATOL number is 0285 and our ABTA number is V4068.


*calls are charged at your provider's local or national rate.













Sign up for offers




Request a Quote




Request a Brochure













