
Middle East & North Africa Holidays 2017/2018 | Sovereign



















Sovereign's Cookie Policy

This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are consenting to cookies being used. For information on cookies please see our
Cookies Policy
.



I agree







Toggle navigation












All hotels visited and approved by us.
Call our Trusted Advisers on:


01293 762400*


Call us between 9am -  8pm











Home




Destinations




Recommended




Tenerife



Ibiza



Lanzarote



Santorini



Sardinia



Madeira



Cancun



Phuket






Europe




Greece



Spain & The Canary Islands



Portugal



Cyprus



Turkey



Croatia



Italy



Malta






Far East




Bali



Thailand



Hong Kong



Singapore






Caribbean & Mexico




Mexico



Dominican Republic



Antigua



Barbados



St Lucia



Jamaica






Indian Ocean




Maldives



Mauritius



Seychelles



Sri Lanka






The Middle East




Dubai



Oman



United Arab Emirates





North Africa



Morocco








Holiday Types







Five Star Holidays



Island Hopping



Cruise and Stay



Luxury Crewed Yacht Charter



Luxury Rail Travel



Weddings Abroad



Something Different









All Inclusive Holidays



Family Friendly Holidays



Adult Only Holidays



Couples Holidays



Luxury Honeymoons



Multi-Centre Holidays








Hotel Collections







Hotel With Villas



Hotels with Spas



Hotels With Swim Up Rooms



Hotels With Private Pools



Boutique Hotels



Paradores







Offers




Contact us







Contact Us



About Us



Your Trusted Advisers



Booking with Sovereign



Our Brochure









Home



Destinations



Holiday Types



Hotel Collections



Offers



Contact us





















Middle East and North Africa Holidays

Desert sands and sultry souks









Home



Sovereign Holidays


Middle East and North Africa







Middle East and North Africa


The gateway to North Africa,
Morocco’s
mix of vibrant ancient cities and mountain-backed beaches sets it apart from your average holiday destination. There’s the rose-tinted city of
Marrakech
, famous for its terracotta houses and bustling, souk-lined squares, or the fabulous beaches and coastal cool of
Agadir
on the country’s Atlantic coast.

Looking for a getaway with a difference?
Dubai’s
swift development and clutch of world records (the world’s tallest tower and biggest shopping mall, to name a few) have made it the new must-see city, with a futuristic skyline of fabulous shops, world-class dining and some of the world’s finest hotels.

Further south, neighbouring
Oman
offers up more than desert sands with a striking mountain landscape, authentic cities and one of the world’s most beautiful mosques.









Dubai holidays

Carved out of the desert, Dubai mixes 21st-century life with ancient Arabic traditions. Along with skyscrapers, mega-malls and supercars, you'll find atmospheric souks, cafés serving shisha and thick Arabic coffee, and Bedouin camps out on the desert sands.

Find out more






Morocco holidays

Distant oases, soaring mountains, spice-laden souks and ancient minarets piercing cornflower-blue skies: welcome to Morocco. Morocco is a fusion of Arabia and Africa, and lines up everything from desert scenery and vast golden beaches to bohemian seaside towns and buzzing cities.

Find out more












Ras al Khaimah

Ras al Khaimah is the northernmost emirate of the UAE, flanking famous Dubai. RAK to its friends, the picturesque Persian Coast setting has the region tipped as a serious contender to Dubai’s crown.



Find Out More









Oman

While neighbouring emirates like Dubai and Abu Dhabi reach ever more record-breaking heights, Oman takes a step back and plugs into a laid-back element of Arab culture that can be hard to find in the fast-paced cities.



Find Out More















Holly Houghton

If you're interested in exploring some of the desert scenery, Ras al Khaimah is one of the best emirates from which to do so, with some fantastic desert safaris on offer.


Find Out More








Lewis Parker

Ras Al Khaimah is reminiscent of Dubai 20 years ago, before it became such a popular destination. This makes it a perfect little gem for a relaxing beach holiday with guaranteed sunshine. If you do still want to visit the malls, there are two in Ras Al Khaimah, or you can take a 50-minute shuttle from most hotels to the malls in Dubai.


Find Out More











Sovereign Loves

A few of our favourite hotels in the middle east and north africa







Al Maha, a Luxury Collection Desert Resort & Spa, Dubai

Dubai, Dubai Desert







Find out more









Shangri-La Al Husn Resort & Spa

Oman, Muscat







Find out more









Les Jardins de la Medina

Morocco, Marrakech







Find out more


















What our customers think



We've been finding people their own slice of paradise for 45 years, and like to think we're pretty good at it.

Don't just take our word for it, though - see what our customers have said about their Sovereign experience..

Read customer reviews...









Call to book or speak to one of our Trusted Advisers
01293 762400*




The Sovereign Experience



About Us



Booking With Sovereign



Your Trusted Advisers



Airport Lounge Access



Your Holiday Is Protected





Already Booked?



Ways To Pay



Advance Passenger Information



FCO Travel Advice



Staying Safe Abroad



FAQs





Other



Terms and Policies



Privacy Policy



Our Family



Blog



Media enquiries and Press releases



Careers



Make-A-Wish







Award Winning Holidays from Sovereign












Connect with us



















Contact Us



Cookies Policy



Website Terms and Conditions



Agent login






Sovereign is a trading name of Specialist Holidays (Travel) Limited, which is part of the Travelopia Group of companies.
           Registered in England. Company Number: 446617. Registered Office: Origin One, 108 High Street, Crawley, West Sussex, RH10 1BD VAT Number: 252244234.





The Foreign Commonwealth Office and the NHS have up-to-date advice on staying safe and healthy abroad. For more on security, local laws, plus passport and visa information, see
https://travelaware.campaign.gov.uk/
. Keep informed of current travel health news by visiting
www.fitfortravel.nhs.uk
. For further information, please visit our "Travel Aware" information page at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/staying-safe-abroad/
.

Many of the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme but ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. Please see our booking conditions at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/
for information or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to:
http://www.caa.co.uk/atol-protection/
. We will provide you with financial protection for any package holidays you buy from us that do not include travel by air by way of a bond held by ABTA. For further information, visit the ABTA website at www.abta.com. If you book arrangements other than an ATOL protected flight or a package holiday, the financial protection referred to above does not apply. Our ATOL number is 0285 and our ABTA number is V4068.


*calls are charged at your provider's local or national rate.













Sign up for offers




Request a Quote




Request a Brochure













