
Luxury Hong Kong Holidays 2018/2019 | Sovereign



















Sovereign's Cookie Policy

This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are consenting to cookies being used. For information on cookies please see our
Cookies Policy
.



I agree







Toggle navigation












All hotels visited and approved by us.
Call our Trusted Advisers on:


01293 762400*


Call us between 9am -  8pm











Home




Destinations




Recommended




Tenerife



Ibiza



Lanzarote



Santorini



Sardinia



Madeira



Cancun



Phuket






Europe




Greece



Spain & The Canary Islands



Portugal



Cyprus



Turkey



Croatia



Italy



Malta






Far East




Bali



Thailand



Hong Kong



Singapore






Caribbean & Mexico




Mexico



Dominican Republic



Antigua



Barbados



St Lucia



Jamaica






Indian Ocean




Maldives



Mauritius



Seychelles



Sri Lanka






The Middle East




Dubai



Oman



United Arab Emirates





North Africa



Morocco








Holiday Types







Five Star Holidays



Island Hopping



Cruise and Stay



Luxury Crewed Yacht Charter



Luxury Rail Travel



Weddings Abroad



Something Different









All Inclusive Holidays



Family Friendly Holidays



Adult Only Holidays



Couples Holidays



Luxury Honeymoons



Multi-Centre Holidays








Hotel Collections







Hotel With Villas



Hotels with Spas



Hotels With Swim Up Rooms



Hotels With Private Pools



Boutique Hotels



Paradores







Offers




Contact us







Contact Us



About Us



Your Trusted Advisers



Booking with Sovereign



Our Brochure









Home



Destinations



Holiday Types



Hotel Collections



Offers



Contact us





















Luxury Hong Kong Holidays

Where old meets new









Home



Sovereign Holidays



China


Hong Kong





Your Search Results





Hong Kong

Futuristic light shows, steaming pots of dim sum, tai chi sessions in city parks
–
welcome to Hong Kong. At first glance, you might think this city is all about skyscrapers and modern malls. But look closer and you'll find everything from sandy beaches and country parks, to traditional street markets and pin-drop peaceful temples.

Most people use Hong Kong as a stopover before a beach holiday, but there's enough here to keep you busy for weeks. Most of the action centres around Victoria Harbour, which has Kowloon on one side and Hong Kong Island on the other. A Star Ferry trip across the water is a great way to get a feel for the city, and is even more magical at night, when the buildings are lit up for the daily Symphony of Lights show. Look out for junk boats (traditional Chinese fishing vessels), with their distinctive orange sails.

For an aerial view of the city, take the 125-year-old tram up to Victoria Peak, Hong Kong's highest spot. Once you've admired the cityscape, walk the Peak Circle Path for alternative views of Hong Kong. If you're interested in walking and hiking, there are some great trails dotted around
–
Dragon's Back and The Twins are two of our favourites. More of a beach person? Try Repulse Bay or South Bay Beach, both on the south side of Hong Kong Island.

Back in town, browse for trinkets and souvenirs at the city's street markets. Some of the more popular ones are Ladies Market, Temple Street Market and Stanley Market, but seek out a few specialist spots too, like Flower Market and Jade Market.







Destinations in Hong Kong









Hong Kong Island

Hong Kong Island is the southerly centrepiece of Hong Kong. It’s a king-sized island with a skyscraper-stacked waterfront, watersports-friendly bays and a mountainous interior.



Find out more









Kowloon

Kowloon is the mainland peninsula just across the water from Hong Kong Island. Despite its high-rise good looks, it’s the historic heart of Hong Kong – hidden markets and temples included.



Find out more









Things to do in Hong Kong

Climb Victoria Peak

For the ultimate view of the city, take the 125-year-old tram up to Victoria Peak, Hong Kong’s highest spot. A viewing platform, shops and restaurants decorate the top.
After you’ve admired the cityscape, do a lap of the 3.5-kilometre-long Peak Circle Path to get alternative views of Hong Kong.
The trail dips in and out of banyan forests and the south side serves up widescreen views over the high-rise city and South China Sea. Fancy a longer walk? Footpaths spider out from the Peak Circle Path, aiming for Pok Fu Lam Reservoir and the deserted Pinewood Battery.

Find out more





Things to do in Hong Kong

Take a boat trip on Victoria Harbour

The famous skyline of Hong Kong is best viewed from the water – especially at night.
You can take your pick of vessels, from sleek cruisers with live bands to 1920s-style double-decker passenger ferries with fairy light-strung decks.
Make sure you’re in position by 8pm to catch the Symphony of Lights. Coloured lights and laser beams are projected from more than 40 buildings around Victoria Harbour. If you’d rather see the mountain peaks and silvery skyline of Hong Kong in full daylight, then set sail on a Chinese junk ship. Their scarlet butterfly sails and dark-wood prows are unmistakable.

Find out more





Things to do in Hong Kong

Visit Lantau island

Lantau is the biggest island in Hong Kong, featuring a mountainous heart, quiet fishing villages and one of the world’s most famous statues. The Big Buddha – AKA Tian Tan Buddha – is the world’s tallest outdoor seated bronze Buddha. It stands guard at lavish Po Lin Monastery.

Lantau is also home to Hong Kong Disneyland. It takes its cue from the original Disney parks, setting out seven themed lands (favourites Tomorrowland and Main Street U.S.A. included) and a non-stop schedule of seasonal parades, character meet and greets, and all-singing all-dancing shows like the Lion King.

Find out more






Our pick of the top hotels in Hong Kong

Every one of our hotels is handpicked and personally visited by our team







Harbour Grand Kowloon

Hong Kong, Kowloon







Find out more









The Park Lane Hong Kong, A Pullman Hotel

Hong Kong, Hong Kong Island







Find out more








Hong Kong specialities

Food-wise, Hong Kong offers a little of everything. There's plenty of Chinese food, as you'd expect, but you'll also find Japanese and Vietnamese dishes, plus English touches like champagne-fuelled brunches and high tea served at luxury hotels. There’s a huge Cantonese influence, so you’ll find many dishes similar to what we have at Chinese restaurants in the UK.





Hong Kong specialities


The first thing you will probably see on menus is dim sum. It’s considered more than just food here – more like a way of life! Dim sum are tasty small bites that are steamed, served in bamboo baskets and come in all shapes and sizes, from spring rolls to shrimp dumplings. Try the local roast goose, too. It’s cooked in secret (tasty) ingredients and served in pieces. Be sure to dip it in plum sauce.






Food & Drink









Flight Information

Flight time from the UK to Hong Kong is 11 hours 45 minutes.



When to go

Summer in Hong Kong lasts from June through to August. These months see soaring temperatures and high humidity. Thankfully for visitors (and locals), most places will benefit from air-conditioning making these months still a good option for visiting. If you are looking for more comfortable temperatures and less rainfall, October to April are the best months to visit Hong Kong. The winter months (November to February) are the coolest and are great if you are happy to wrap up and explore the city.



Visa Information

British citizens don't need a visa for Hong Kong.



Tipping

It’s common for hotels and restaurants to add a 10% service charge to the bill.



Introduction to languages


The official language of Hong Kong is Chinese. English is widely spoken too.





Health

Hepatitis A, polio, and typhoid immunisations, plus malaria tablets, are recommended. Please speak to your GP for more information.










Frequently Asked Questions














What time is the Hong Kong light show?







The
light
show, officially called ‘A Symphony of Lights’,
involves more than 40 illuminated buildings, and
is organised by the

Hong Kong

Tourism Board. It is shown every night (weather dependent) at 8pm

local time.








Where is the best place to see the Symphony of Lights?







The light show includes buildings from both sides of the harbour, so you can simply find a spot on the promenade. Alternatively, jump on board one of the ferries that cross Victoria Harbour.



















What our customers think



We've been finding people their own slice of paradise for 45 years, and like to think we're pretty good at it.

Don't just take our word for it, though - see what our customers have said about their Sovereign experience..

Read customer reviews...









Call to book or speak to one of our Trusted Advisers
01293 762400*




The Sovereign Experience



About Us



Booking With Sovereign



Your Trusted Advisers



Airport Lounge Access



Your Holiday Is Protected





Already Booked?



Ways To Pay



Advance Passenger Information



FCO Travel Advice



Staying Safe Abroad



FAQs





Other



Terms and Policies



Privacy Policy



Our Family



Blog



Media enquiries and Press releases



Careers



Make-A-Wish







Award Winning Holidays from Sovereign












Connect with us



















Contact Us



Cookies Policy



Website Terms and Conditions



Agent login






Sovereign is a trading name of Specialist Holidays (Travel) Limited, which is part of the Travelopia Group of companies.
           Registered in England. Company Number: 446617. Registered Office: Origin One, 108 High Street, Crawley, West Sussex, RH10 1BD VAT Number: 252244234.





The Foreign Commonwealth Office and the NHS have up-to-date advice on staying safe and healthy abroad. For more on security, local laws, plus passport and visa information, see
https://travelaware.campaign.gov.uk/
. Keep informed of current travel health news by visiting
www.fitfortravel.nhs.uk
. For further information, please visit our "Travel Aware" information page at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/staying-safe-abroad/
.

Many of the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme but ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. Please see our booking conditions at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/
for information or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to:
http://www.caa.co.uk/atol-protection/
. We will provide you with financial protection for any package holidays you buy from us that do not include travel by air by way of a bond held by ABTA. For further information, visit the ABTA website at www.abta.com. If you book arrangements other than an ATOL protected flight or a package holiday, the financial protection referred to above does not apply. Our ATOL number is 0285 and our ABTA number is V4068.


*calls are charged at your provider's local or national rate.













Sign up for offers




Request a Quote




Request a Brochure













