
Luxury Cyprus Holidays 2018/2019 | Sovereign



















Sovereign's Cookie Policy

This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are consenting to cookies being used. For information on cookies please see our
Cookies Policy
.



I agree







Toggle navigation












All hotels visited and approved by us.
Call our Trusted Advisers on:


01293 762400*


Call us between 9am -  8pm











Home




Destinations




Recommended




Tenerife



Ibiza



Lanzarote



Santorini



Sardinia



Madeira



Cancun



Phuket






Europe




Greece



Spain & The Canary Islands



Portugal



Cyprus



Turkey



Croatia



Italy



Malta






Far East




Bali



Thailand



Hong Kong



Singapore






Caribbean & Mexico




Mexico



Dominican Republic



Antigua



Barbados



St Lucia



Jamaica






Indian Ocean




Maldives



Mauritius



Seychelles



Sri Lanka






The Middle East




Dubai



Oman



United Arab Emirates





North Africa



Morocco








Holiday Types







Five Star Holidays



Island Hopping



Cruise and Stay



Luxury Crewed Yacht Charter



Luxury Rail Travel



Weddings Abroad



Something Different









All Inclusive Holidays



Family Friendly Holidays



Adult Only Holidays



Couples Holidays



Luxury Honeymoons



Multi-Centre Holidays








Hotel Collections







Hotel With Villas



Hotels with Spas



Hotels With Swim Up Rooms



Hotels With Private Pools



Boutique Hotels



Paradores







Offers




Contact us







Contact Us



About Us



Your Trusted Advisers



Booking with Sovereign



Our Brochure









Home



Destinations



Holiday Types



Hotel Collections



Offers



Contact us





















Luxury Cyprus Holidays

Aphrodite's Island









Home



Sovereign Holidays


Cyprus





Your Search Results





Cyprus

It might be a cliché, but Cyprus is definitely one of those places with something to keep everyone happy. Beach lover? You've got some of the best stretches of sand in the Med here, as well as some lovely shingle beaches. History buff? The island's archaeological sites date back to the Bronze Age. Be sure to visit the Tombs of the Kings in Paphos, and the 16th-century walls and cathedral-turned-mosque in Nicosia. Explorer? You'll find walking trails, cycling routes and off-the-map hamlets in the Troodos Mountains, and wildlife trails around the Akamas Peninsula.

Cyprus is spot on for romantics, too
–
Aphrodite, the goddess of love, was supposedly born in Paphos, Richard the Lionheart married Queen Berengaria here, and Mark Anthony presented Cleopatra with the island as a token of his affection.

The weather is another tick in the island's book. Thanks to its south-east Med location, it basks in more than 300 days of sunshine every year, with hot, dry summers and mild winters.











Helen Lippe

What I love about Cyprus is that there's so much culture and history to discover, from the Byzantine monasteries in the Troodos Mountains, to the 15th-century Kolossi Castle near Limassol and the UNESCO-listed Tombs of the Kings in Paphos.


Find Out More









Destinations in Cyprus









Latchi

Latchi village sits next to a panoramic peninsula that legend says was Aphrodite’s stomping ground. Base yourself in this village for days shared between the harbour, beach and hiking trails.



Find out more









Limassol

A polished, palm-lined promenade and marina seems to mark the southerly Limassol as a modern city – but delve deeper, and you’ll also find a medieval old town with a castle.



Find out more









Paphos

South-westerly Paphos hordes archaeological finds along its coastline – from early Roman tombs to Byzantine churches. The town sprawls out behind, serving up beachfront hotels and a port.



Find out more









Pissouri

The little village of Pissouri is secreted away among the hills, orchards and vineyards between Paphos and Limassol – and just up the road from Aphrodite’s Rock.



Find out more









Troodos Mountains

The Troodos Mountains are the longest mountain range in Cyprus, scrolling out along the Limassol-Nicosia border. A national park of forests, waterfalls and trails swoops out from its peaks.



Find out more









Search for your holiday here





Your Search Results





Things to do in Cyprus

Brush up on your history in Paphos

The pretty town of Paphos is more than just a beach town – it’s home to some of the most impressive archaeological parks in Europe. Kato Paphos fills out a headland near the city centre. This is a live dig, so it’s not uncommon to catch archaeologists dusting off the Greco-Roman temples and mosaics. Another standout site is the UNESCO-listed Tomb of the Kings – a collection of underground tombs dating back to the 4th century BC.

Find out more





Things to do in Cyprus

Head for the Troodos Mountains

The Troodos Mountains surge through western Cyprus: Mount Olympus marks the peak of the range, while the pine-covered hills of Troodos National Forest Park swoop out below. The trails and waterfalls reel in hikers and cyclists in the summer. And come winter, its slopes serve up powder-soft snow popular with local skiers. A mix of UNESCO-listed churches and tiny hillside villages also speckle the park, offering a glimpse into the old heart of the island. Just make sure to bring a jumper – temperatures can be much cooler away from the coast.

Find out more





Things to do in Cyprus

Spot turtles on Lara Beach

Like your beaches au naturel? Try Lara Beach. This brushstroke of unspoilt sand sits just south-west of Latchi, at the head of the scenic Akamas Peninsula National Park. It’s one of the last havens for rare loggerhead and green turtles, who amble onto the bright gold sands to lay their eggs. Nests are then flagged up by volunteers, who rope them off until the hatchlings are ready to scuttle back to sea. A beach-wide ban on parasols and sunloungers also means that Lara Beach is one of the prettiest spots in Cyprus.

Find out more









Typical Costs





Bottle of beer

€2-4.50






Bus

€1.50 one way






Cup of coffee

€2.50-5






Glass of wine

€3-7.50






Main course

€12-20






Small souvenir

€2







When to go

Cyprus has Greek island-style summers that warm up quickly, with temperatures sticking in the low 20s around April and May. In the middle of summer, highs are well into the 30s, and you can still get away with great beach weather (in the slightly more comfortable 20s) around September and October. Cyprus doesn’t get particularly cold; things hover in the late teens throughout winter, with the odd rain shower.




Visa Information

Visas are not required for UK citizens travelling to Cyprus.



Tipping

Most restaurants and hotel bills will include a 10% tip, so you don’t have to tip wait staff or bar staff. Even still, extra tips are always appreciated, especially if you received good service. Taxi drivers appreciate a tip; aim for about 10% of the fare.



Introduction to languages


The official languages of Cyprus are Turkish and Greek. English is widely spoken too, so getting by is easy.









Cyprus specialities

Thanks to the island's geographical position and history, Cypriot cuisine has a mix of Greek, Turkish, Arabic and English culinary influences. Dishes are well-seasoned and flavourful, but not spicy, and incorporate fresh, healthy produce grown locally, including figs, chickpeas, herbs, olives and dates. As well as meze, popular dishes include souvla, charcoal-grilled meat on a skewer, and sheep’s or goat’s cheese like the famous national cheese, halloumi.





Food & Drink






Our pick of the top hotels in Cyprus

Every one of our hotels is handpicked and personally visited by our team




Recommended




Annabelle Hotel

Cyprus, Paphos







Find out more






Recommended




Hotel Elysium

Cyprus, Paphos







Find out more






Recommended




Olympic Lagoon Resort

Cyprus, Paphos







Find out more









Hotel Almyra

Cyprus, Paphos







Find out more









Constantinou Bros Asimina Suites Hotel

Cyprus, Paphos







Find out more









Anassa

Cyprus, Latchi







Find out more







View all hotels in Cyprus




The art of wine: interview with a sommelier

08/04/2017



Marinos Demetriou, sommelier at the Columbia Beach Resort, talks to us about wine pairings, the art of oenology and the exciting names emerging from Cyprus’ vineyards.

Read More





A new side to Cyprus

09/13/2016



With a gorgeous coastline and balmy temperatures, Cyprus is a bit of a beach-break haven. Of course, lying poolside (cocktail in hand) is great – but this little island offers a whole lot more besides. From wine tasting and cooking lessons, to mountain biking and beekeeping, Cyprus is much more than just a pretty face. We uncover a different side to this Mediterranean island…

Read More














What our customers think



We've been finding people their own slice of paradise for 45 years, and like to think we're pretty good at it.

Don't just take our word for it, though - see what our customers have said about their Sovereign experience..

Read customer reviews...









Call to book or speak to one of our Trusted Advisers
01293 762400*




The Sovereign Experience



About Us



Booking With Sovereign



Your Trusted Advisers



Airport Lounge Access



Your Holiday Is Protected





Already Booked?



Ways To Pay



Advance Passenger Information



FCO Travel Advice



Staying Safe Abroad



FAQs





Other



Terms and Policies



Privacy Policy



Our Family



Blog



Media enquiries and Press releases



Careers



Make-A-Wish







Award Winning Holidays from Sovereign












Connect with us



















Contact Us



Cookies Policy



Website Terms and Conditions



Agent login






Sovereign is a trading name of Specialist Holidays (Travel) Limited, which is part of the Travelopia Group of companies.
           Registered in England. Company Number: 446617. Registered Office: Origin One, 108 High Street, Crawley, West Sussex, RH10 1BD VAT Number: 252244234.





The Foreign Commonwealth Office and the NHS have up-to-date advice on staying safe and healthy abroad. For more on security, local laws, plus passport and visa information, see
https://travelaware.campaign.gov.uk/
. Keep informed of current travel health news by visiting
www.fitfortravel.nhs.uk
. For further information, please visit our "Travel Aware" information page at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/staying-safe-abroad/
.

Many of the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme but ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. Please see our booking conditions at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/
for information or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to:
http://www.caa.co.uk/atol-protection/
. We will provide you with financial protection for any package holidays you buy from us that do not include travel by air by way of a bond held by ABTA. For further information, visit the ABTA website at www.abta.com. If you book arrangements other than an ATOL protected flight or a package holiday, the financial protection referred to above does not apply. Our ATOL number is 0285 and our ABTA number is V4068.


*calls are charged at your provider's local or national rate.













Sign up for offers




Request a Quote




Request a Brochure













