
Luxury Crewed Yacht Charter Holidays 2018/2019 | Sovereign



















Sovereign's Cookie Policy

This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are consenting to cookies being used. For information on cookies please see our
Cookies Policy
.



I agree







Toggle navigation












All hotels visited and approved by us.
Call our Trusted Advisers on:


01293 762400*


Call us between 9am -  8pm











Home




Destinations




Recommended




Tenerife



Ibiza



Lanzarote



Santorini



Sardinia



Madeira



Cancun



Phuket






Europe




Greece



Spain & The Canary Islands



Portugal



Cyprus



Turkey



Croatia



Italy



Malta






Far East




Bali



Thailand



Hong Kong



Singapore






Caribbean & Mexico




Mexico



Dominican Republic



Antigua



Barbados



St Lucia



Jamaica






Indian Ocean




Maldives



Mauritius



Seychelles



Sri Lanka






The Middle East




Dubai



Oman



United Arab Emirates





North Africa



Morocco








Holiday Types







Five Star Holidays



Island Hopping



Cruise and Stay



Luxury Crewed Yacht Charter



Luxury Rail Travel



Weddings Abroad



Something Different









All Inclusive Holidays



Family Friendly Holidays



Adult Only Holidays



Couples Holidays



Luxury Honeymoons



Multi-Centre Holidays








Hotel Collections







Hotel With Villas



Hotels with Spas



Hotels With Swim Up Rooms



Hotels With Private Pools



Boutique Hotels



Paradores







Offers




Contact us







Contact Us



About Us



Your Trusted Advisers



Booking with Sovereign



Our Brochure









Home



Destinations



Holiday Types



Hotel Collections



Offers



Contact us





















Crewed Yacht Charter Holidays











Home



Luxury Holiday Types


Crewed Yachts










Crewed yacht charters offer you a unique take on an already amazing destination, as you skip between islands, discover hidden coves and arrive at bustling harbours in style. Now, thanks to our new partnership with our sister company The Moorings, we can offer you just that.

After spending a few days relaxing in a luxury five-star resort, you’ll step aboard a luxury sailing catamaran and have your own personal captain whisk you off on your next adventure, while the professional chef whips up gourmet food in the modern, fully equipped galley.

We recommend itineraries for each area, but ultimately you get to choose where to go and what to see. Sail from port to port and let your crew look after you every step of the way. Each of our charter yachts comes with a fully qualified skipper and a gourmet chef (plus a steward/ess on the ‘Mooring 5800’), providing tasty meals and drinks; all part of your ultimate all-inclusive sailing experience.













Combine a stay in a luxury hotel with a week-long private yacht charter


Yachts come with a private chef and a kitchen stocked with your favourites


Design your own sailing itinerary with your skipper









Locations


There are so many ports to visit, so many quiet coves to discover and so many pristine beaches to swim from; the choices are almost endless. We have focused our charters on the turquoise waters of the Mediterranean – here are our favourite locations.














Procida Crewed Charter


Enjoy island-hopping in style, taking in chic Capri, bustling Procida, the Roman harbour of Ventotene and the thermal baths at Ischia (among others). Sailing in the Bay of Naples offers an intoxicating mix of fashionable ports, quiet villages, fascinating archaeological sites and picturesque coastal towns, giving you plenty of sightseeing opportunities. Enjoy beautiful beaches, boutique shopping and delicious local cuisine before returning to your yacht for a freshly prepared cocktail (or two – you’re on holiday, after all).












Athens Zea Crewed Charter


Ancient ruins, secluded anchorages, quiet fishing villages, vibrant ports and traditional Greek hospitality – it all comes together to make sailing in the Saronic Gulf a real treat. The glassy waters are perfect for swimming and snorkelling, and there’s tons of history and culture to discover too. Stop off at places like Hydra, Poros and Sounion Bay, where you can browse open-air markets and dine at rustic tavernas.















Agana Crewed Charter


The natural beauty of the Dalmatian Islands combined with gentle sailing conditions makes this area of Croatia a true favourite. Dotted with historical towns and remote islands, the breathtaking coastline is made for exploring. Visit popular islands of Hvar, Brac and Solta, marvel at the stunning architecture at the World Heritage City of Trogir, or visit Vis Town, the oldest settlement in Dalmatia.












Yachts

Our luxury air-conditioned sail catamarans all come with en-suite double cabins, spacious saloon with kitchen, comfortable sun decks and host of watersports equipment to enjoy.

In Greece, Croatia and Italy, we offer the Moorings 4800; there's also the option of the larger Moorings 5800 Select in Croatia. Scroll across to find out more about each yacht and what it has to offer...

Find out more






Moorings 4800

The Moorings 4800 sleeps up to 6 guests in 3 air conditioned en-suite cabins, with an additional single cabin accessed via adjacent main cabin available for a small child. The spacious saloon with dining table, a plush u-shaped settee and fully equipped kitchen leads out onto the aft cockpit with a large dining table and wrap-around seating. A large forward cockpit can also be accessed from the air-conditioned interior.

Find out more






Moorings 5800 Select

In Croatia, there's also the option of a Moorings 5800 Select, a
catamaran that's perfect for larger parties, sleeping up to 8 guests in 4 spacious cabins. Below deck, there are 3 double en-suite  cabins and the master suite on the main deck features an adjoining office, large windows and private access to the forward cockpit. The spacious saloon features a large dining table, wrap-around seating and a full entertainment centre. Outside, there's a spacious aft cockpit, perfect for dining, as well as hydraulic swim platform and a roomy lounge seating area at the top of the fly bridge.

Find out more













Nadia Milne

Combining a luxury 5 star hotel with a week on board a crewed catamaran is a great way to visit places you might not have otherwise been able to see. We can arrange all aspects of your stay so all you have to do is just sit back and let us take care of you.


Find Out More










For more information, call our Trusted Advisers on
01293 762400*









What's Included


Your all-inclusive crewed yacht holiday includes spacious accommodation aboard a premium
                air-conditioned catamaran, personalised service from a professional captain and chef, gourmet
                meals, drinks and a full selection of watersports equipment


Captain & Chef (plus steward/ess on 5800s)

All meals, snacks and beverages (excluding two evening meals which can be taken ashore to enjoy the local cuisine).

Fully stocked bar

Watersports equipment:

Snorkelling equipment

2 Stand up paddle boards

1 Kayak or 1 two-man kayak

Fishing rods - 1 trolling / 1 spinning (some locations require a license)

Knee board, Tube, & water skis (5800 only)



Free unlimited WiFi (Croatia only)

Housekeeping services

2 Mooring balls/buoys, 2 town quays and 2 marina fees included

Double en-suite cabins

Bean Bags (x2 per yacht except in Italy)

Flat screen TVs with DVD

Stereo and CD Player with Cockpit Speakers

Air Conditioning


Please note

All mooring fees on a typical itinerary will be included as described above. Should you wish to spend
                more time in marinas, additional fees will be payable locally.

Gratuity of 10-15 percent is suggested if you are happy with the quality of the service.











You may also like...












Boutique Hotels










Multi-centre Holidays










Something Different

















What our customers think



We've been finding people their own slice of paradise for 45 years, and like to think we're pretty good at it.

Don't just take our word for it, though - see what our customers have said about their Sovereign experience..

Read customer reviews...








Call to book or speak to one of our Trusted Advisers
01293 762400*




The Sovereign Experience



About Us



Booking With Sovereign



Your Trusted Advisers



Airport Lounge Access



Your Holiday Is Protected





Already Booked?



Ways To Pay



Advance Passenger Information



FCO Travel Advice



Staying Safe Abroad



FAQs





Other



Terms and Policies



Privacy Policy



Our Family



Blog



Media enquiries and Press releases



Careers



Make-A-Wish







Award Winning Holidays from Sovereign












Connect with us



















Contact Us



Cookies Policy



Website Terms and Conditions



Agent login






Sovereign is a trading name of Specialist Holidays (Travel) Limited, which is part of the Travelopia Group of companies.
           Registered in England. Company Number: 446617. Registered Office: Origin One, 108 High Street, Crawley, West Sussex, RH10 1BD VAT Number: 252244234.





The Foreign Commonwealth Office and the NHS have up-to-date advice on staying safe and healthy abroad. For more on security, local laws, plus passport and visa information, see
https://travelaware.campaign.gov.uk/
. Keep informed of current travel health news by visiting
www.fitfortravel.nhs.uk
. For further information, please visit our "Travel Aware" information page at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/staying-safe-abroad/
.

Many of the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme but ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. Please see our booking conditions at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/
for information or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to:
http://www.caa.co.uk/atol-protection/
. We will provide you with financial protection for any package holidays you buy from us that do not include travel by air by way of a bond held by ABTA. For further information, visit the ABTA website at www.abta.com. If you book arrangements other than an ATOL protected flight or a package holiday, the financial protection referred to above does not apply. Our ATOL number is 0285 and our ABTA number is V4068.


*calls are charged at your provider's local or national rate.












Sign up for offers




Request a Quote




Request a Brochure





