
Luxury Dubai Holidays 2018/2019 | Sovereign



















Sovereign's Cookie Policy

This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are consenting to cookies being used. For information on cookies please see our
Cookies Policy
.



I agree







Toggle navigation












All hotels visited and approved by us.
Call our Trusted Advisers on:


01293 762400*


Call us between 9am -  8pm











Home




Destinations




Recommended




Tenerife



Ibiza



Lanzarote



Santorini



Sardinia



Madeira



Cancun



Phuket






Europe




Greece



Spain & The Canary Islands



Portugal



Cyprus



Turkey



Croatia



Italy



Malta






Far East




Bali



Thailand



Hong Kong



Singapore






Caribbean & Mexico




Mexico



Dominican Republic



Antigua



Barbados



St Lucia



Jamaica






Indian Ocean




Maldives



Mauritius



Seychelles



Sri Lanka






The Middle East




Dubai



Oman



United Arab Emirates





North Africa



Morocco








Holiday Types







Five Star Holidays



Island Hopping



Cruise and Stay



Luxury Crewed Yacht Charter



Luxury Rail Travel



Weddings Abroad



Something Different









All Inclusive Holidays



Family Friendly Holidays



Adult Only Holidays



Couples Holidays



Luxury Honeymoons



Multi-Centre Holidays








Hotel Collections







Hotel With Villas



Hotels with Spas



Hotels With Swim Up Rooms



Hotels With Private Pools



Boutique Hotels



Paradores







Offers




Contact us







Contact Us



About Us



Your Trusted Advisers



Booking with Sovereign



Our Brochure









Home



Destinations



Holiday Types



Hotel Collections



Offers



Contact us





















Luxury Dubai Holidays

City of superlatives









Home



Sovereign Holidays



United Arab Emirates


Dubai





Your Search Results





Dubai

Carved out of the desert, Dubai mixes 21st-century life with ancient Arabic traditions. Along with skyscrapers, mega-malls and supercars, you'll find atmospheric souks, cafés serving shisha and thick Arabic coffee, and Bedouin camps out on the desert sands.

There's plenty to keep you busy here - get a bird's eye view of the city from the world's tallest tower, take a tour along the Dubai Creek on a traditional wooden dhow, or tee off at one of the world-class golf courses. Out in the desert, explore off-the-beaten-track villages and isolated camel farms, or get your adrenaline pumping on a sand boarding excursion.

On the shopping front, you've got tax-free bargains and designer boutiques at modern malls, plus centuries-old souks where you can barter for handmade jewellery or bags of saffron and cinnamon. A glut of Michelin-starred restaurants and chic cafés makes Dubai a haven for foodies - brunch is a must on Fridays, the first day of the Arabic weekend.











Annick Barbaria

A must-do is to visit the Souk Madinat Jumeirah. It's a recreation of an authentic Middle Eastern marketplace. Dubai is on the whole a very modern city, but the souk is a fascinating throwback to ancient Arabia, and there's plenty of dining, shopping and entertainment to be had there.


Find Out More








Destinations in Dubai









Dubai City

Dubai City straddles a waterway that meanders through Dubai. There’s a surprise buried among the shopping malls and skyscraper hotels – the souks, mosques and fort of the old quarter.



Find out more









Dubai Desert

Head 10 minutes out of downtown Dubai, and you’ll soon be in the Dubai Desert – a huge swathe of red-gold sand dotted with tiny towns and designer hotels.



Find out more









Jebel Ali

The well-to-do port of Jebel Ali edges up to the Abu Dhabi border. Expect beach resorts, polo clubs and scuba diving centres – and an unexpected belt of family-friendly theme parks.




Find out more









Jumeirah Beach

Fancy staying in a hotel shaped like a wave, palm or village? Head for downtown Jumeirah Beach – the sandy setting for some of the most spectacular hotels in Dubai.




Find out more









The Palm

The Palm is like something out of a dream – a shimmering palm-shaped island populated with palatial hotels. It springs from the sandy coast just south of downtown Dubai.




Find out more









Things to do in Dubai

Explore the desert

Spend the night under the stars on a desert safari or fly across the dunes in a 4x4 jeep safari in Dubai’s dramatic red-sand desert. Sound a bit full on? Try a peaceful camel ride that lets you soak up the desert scenery at your own pace.

Find out more





Things to do in Dubai

Practise your swing

Dubai is spoilt for world-class greens. Every year, the 18-hole Emirates Golf Club hosts the Dubai Desert Classic, while numerous world championships have been hosted here. Try the Desert Course at Arabian Ranches or the Jebel Ali Golf Resort & Spa for lush greens and challenging pars.

Find out more





Things to do in Dubai

Spend a day at the mall

Malls in Dubai are for more than just shopping. The shops are there, of course (usually over a thousand of them, all tax-free),  but then there’s the Mall of the Emirates, with an indoor ski slope with real snow, or the Mall of Arabia with its dinosaur theme park, museum and restaurants. Allow plenty of time.


Find out more










Flight Information

Flight time from the UK to Dubai is approximately 6 hours 30 minutes.




When to go

Summers in Dubai are seriously hot – 40°C kind of hot. Although all buildings are air conditioned, outdoor activities can be uncomfortable in this kind of heat, and some may even be closed. November to April is the best time to visit Dubai; rain is scarce, and temperatures stay at a comfortable mid-20s average.




Visa Information

British citizens will be granted a free 30-day visa upon arrival in Dubai.




Tipping

In most tourist destinations in the Emirates (such as Dubai and Ras al Khaimah), it’s customary to leave a 10% cash tip in restaurants. Small tips are appreciated for other services; aim for five to 20 UAE dirhams for porters bringing your bags to your room and for taxi drivers.



Introduction to languages

The official language of Dubai is Arabic. English is widely spoken too, so getting by is easy.








Dubai specialities


The cuisine in Dubai is as cosmopolitan as the people, with traditional Middle East fare at its heart. You can find everything from fish and chips to curry – even gourmet dishes in celebrity-chef restaurants. Traditional dishes include ever-popular falafel; mehalabiya, a delicious sweet treat sprinkled with rosewater and pistachios; and the ubiquitous roti, a special Arabic flatbread baked in a clay oven.







Food & Drink










Frequently Asked Questions














What plug sockets are used in Dubai?







In the United Arab Emirates the power plugs and sockets are the same as standard UK three pin plugs (type G). The voltage is 220 V and frequency is 50 Hz.








Where can I see horse racing in Dubai?







The Meydan Raceourse has a grandstand of over a mile and can hold over 60,000 spectators. The season runs from November to March, with the
Dubai World Cup
held on the last Saturday of March. Many of the top events are held in the evenings.








Where is the best shopping found in Dubai?







Dubai is the home of retail therapy with over 100 super-malls housing thousands of designer shops. The Dubai Mall even has a 10 million litre fish tank in the centre, where you can stop off for a quick diving lesson! Don’t forget the authentic souks dedicated to gold, spices, textiles and perfumes. For more detailed information, read our
Dubai shopping guide
.










Our pick of the top hotels in Dubai

Every one of our hotels is handpicked and personally visited by our team







Atlantis the Palm

Dubai, The Palm







Find out more









Jumeirah Zabeel Saray

Dubai, The Palm







Find out more









Waldorf Astoria Dubai Palm Jumeirah

Dubai, The Palm







Find out more









JA Palm Tree Court

Dubai, Jebel Ali







Find out more









Jumeirah Beach Hotel

Dubai, Jumeirah Beach







Find out more









Dar Al Masyaf, Madinat Jumeirah

Dubai, Jumeirah Beach







Find out more







View all hotels in Dubai






Dubai & Mauritius


At a glance


Shopping and sightseeing in Dubai

Tropical beaches in Mauritius

Sample locally made rum

Lots of time for day trips


11 days from
£2399
per person


Find out more













What our customers think



We've been finding people their own slice of paradise for 45 years, and like to think we're pretty good at it.

Don't just take our word for it, though - see what our customers have said about their Sovereign experience..

Read customer reviews...









Call to book or speak to one of our Trusted Advisers
01293 762400*




The Sovereign Experience



About Us



Booking With Sovereign



Your Trusted Advisers



Airport Lounge Access



Your Holiday Is Protected





Already Booked?



Ways To Pay



Advance Passenger Information



FCO Travel Advice



Staying Safe Abroad



FAQs





Other



Terms and Policies



Privacy Policy



Our Family



Blog



Media enquiries and Press releases



Careers



Make-A-Wish







Award Winning Holidays from Sovereign












Connect with us



















Contact Us



Cookies Policy



Website Terms and Conditions



Agent login






Sovereign is a trading name of Specialist Holidays (Travel) Limited, which is part of the Travelopia Group of companies.
           Registered in England. Company Number: 446617. Registered Office: Origin One, 108 High Street, Crawley, West Sussex, RH10 1BD VAT Number: 252244234.





The Foreign Commonwealth Office and the NHS have up-to-date advice on staying safe and healthy abroad. For more on security, local laws, plus passport and visa information, see
https://travelaware.campaign.gov.uk/
. Keep informed of current travel health news by visiting
www.fitfortravel.nhs.uk
. For further information, please visit our "Travel Aware" information page at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/staying-safe-abroad/
.

Many of the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme but ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. Please see our booking conditions at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/
for information or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to:
http://www.caa.co.uk/atol-protection/
. We will provide you with financial protection for any package holidays you buy from us that do not include travel by air by way of a bond held by ABTA. For further information, visit the ABTA website at www.abta.com. If you book arrangements other than an ATOL protected flight or a package holiday, the financial protection referred to above does not apply. Our ATOL number is 0285 and our ABTA number is V4068.


*calls are charged at your provider's local or national rate.













Sign up for offers




Request a Quote




Request a Brochure













