
Luxury Antigua Holidays 2018/2019 | Sovereign



















Sovereign's Cookie Policy

This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are consenting to cookies being used. For information on cookies please see our
Cookies Policy
.



I agree







Toggle navigation












All hotels visited and approved by us.
Call our Trusted Advisers on:


01293 762400*


Call us between 9am -  8pm











Home




Destinations




Recommended




Tenerife



Ibiza



Lanzarote



Santorini



Sardinia



Madeira



Cancun



Phuket






Europe




Greece



Spain & The Canary Islands



Portugal



Cyprus



Turkey



Croatia



Italy



Malta






Far East




Bali



Thailand



Hong Kong



Singapore






Caribbean & Mexico




Mexico



Dominican Republic



Antigua



Barbados



St Lucia



Jamaica






Indian Ocean




Maldives



Mauritius



Seychelles



Sri Lanka






The Middle East




Dubai



Oman



United Arab Emirates





North Africa



Morocco








Holiday Types







Five Star Holidays



Island Hopping



Cruise and Stay



Luxury Crewed Yacht Charter



Luxury Rail Travel



Weddings Abroad



Something Different









All Inclusive Holidays



Family Friendly Holidays



Adult Only Holidays



Couples Holidays



Luxury Honeymoons



Multi-Centre Holidays








Hotel Collections







Hotel With Villas



Hotels with Spas



Hotels With Swim Up Rooms



Hotels With Private Pools



Boutique Hotels



Paradores







Offers




Contact us







Contact Us



About Us



Your Trusted Advisers



Booking with Sovereign



Our Brochure









Home



Destinations



Holiday Types



Hotel Collections



Offers



Contact us





















Luxury Antigua Holidays

A beach for every day of the year









Home



Sovereign Holidays


Antigua





Your Search Results





Antigua


Antigua is said to have 365 beaches – one for every day of the year. We haven't counted them, but you'll certainly be spoilt for choice, with everything from pretty scalloped coves to endless stretches of deserted sand artfully decorated with driftwood.

There's a lot more to the island than just the beaches, though. Antigua's maritime heritage goes back to the 18th century, when Horatio Nelson arrived to develop the island's naval facilities, and it's still a centre for some of the best sailing in the Caribbean.

You can discover more about Antigua's colonial history at Nelson's Dockyard and the ruined barracks at Shirley Heights (which also offer a fantastic – and much-photographed – view over English Harbour). The historic capital of St. John's throws up some unexpected cultural highlights, with its majestic cathedral and handful of museums. It's also a top spot for shopping – head to Redcliffe Quay and Heritage Quay for duty-free buys and local ceramics.












Natasha Starkin

A visit to Stingray City is a must-do for any marine-life lovers. Being able to swim so close to a stingray was as unique and unforgettable as it was scary. A fantastic experience I would love to have again!


Find Out More









Destinations in Antigua









Dian Bay

Dian Bay shows off Antigua’s wild side – it’s where the Atlantic Ocean cuts out sandy coves and rugged peninsulas. The popular Devil’s Bridge rock arch is right next door, too.



Find out more









Jolly Harbour

West coast Jolly Harbour does exactly what it says on the tin – it’s a friendly harbour resort with a yacht-lined marina and a handful of crescent-moon beaches.



Find out more









St. John's

St. John’s is the colourful capital city of Antigua. It arranges a cruise ship harbour, colonial forts, candy-coloured restaurants and sandy beaches around a deep bay in the island’s north-west.




Find out more









St. Mary's

St. Mary’s is a parish in the south-west corner of Antigua. Exclusive harbours and beaches trim the coastline, which rises towards the highest hill in Antigua – emerald-green Mount Obama.



Find out more









Search for your holiday here





Your Search Results





Things to do in Antigua

Hit the dancefloor at Shirley Heights

Swing by Shirley Heights National Park on a Sunday afternoon and you’ll find one of the biggest parties on the island. Locals and holidaymakers head here to enjoy the weekly sunset barbecues. Tuck in to jerk chicken and rice and wash it down with a rum punch or two, before dancing the night away to steel bands and live singers.


If you prefer walking boots to dancing shoes, then grab some food and head onto the trails. The path from Nelson’s Dockyard to the summit fetches up at the peak of the park, where you can catch views over to Guadeloupe on a clear day.

Find out more





Things to do in Antigua

Spend a day island-hopping

Antigua has a sprinkling of islands close to shore. Hire a boat or join a catamaran trip and venture out to enjoy these picture-perfect islets. The sands are white-gold and fringed by greenery, and there are often snorkelling spots straight off the beaches.

Inkspill-shaped Green Island is one of our favourites. It serves up empty sandy beaches and a peaceful forested interior just off the east coast of Antigua. It’s also completely uninhabited, so remember to pack a picnic if you’re staying for a while.

Find out more





Things to do in Antigua

Take a trip to Devil's Bridge

In the north-east of the island is Indian Town, a national park. Its most famous feature is Devil's Bridge, a natural limestone arch that's been carved out by the Atlantic, and which now acts as a blowhole, creating mini-geysers from the waves. Antigua’s annual kite festival is held here each Easter, with the sea breezes providing perfect kite-flying conditions. There are some great walks through the rest of the park, as well as a few picnicking spots and a handful of souvenir stalls close to Devil’s Bridge.

Find out more










Flight Information

Flights from the UK to Antigua take approximately 8 hours 30 minutes.




When to go

Antigua’s Caribbean climate means year-round good weather. Average highs hover around 28°C in June, while the coldest month is January at a toasty 25°C. The rainy season takes place from June to November, with October racking up the most rainfall. Unlike the constant drizzle we often get at home, Caribbean rain tends to fall in short, sharp bursts, usually followed by sunshine and blue skies.



Visa Information

Currently visas are not required for UK citizens travelling to Antigua.



Tipping

A 10% service charge will often be added to restaurant bills, however, for good service, it’s common to leave a 5% cash tip as well. Aim for a 10% tip on fixed taxi fares and a couple of dollars for porters and maids.




Introduction to languages

The official language of Antigua is English.


Health

No vaccines are required or recommended for Antigua, however all routine immunisations should be up to date. For full details, please contact your GP.










Frequently Asked Questions














When is the Antigua sailing regatta?







The Antigua Sailing Regatta, officially known as Antigua Sailing Week, normally takes place at the end of April every year.
There are five main races during the week, including the English Harbour race.

The week finishes with the Lord Nelson's Ball.








What power plugs and sockets are used in Antigua?







There are two types of plug sockets used in Antigua, officially known as Type A and B. The plugs match the American system. The standard voltage is 230 V and the standard frequency is 60 Hz.












Antigua specialities

The fresh seafood in Antigua is one of its specialities; lobster, red snapper and mahi mahi are plentiful, and barbecue chicken and jerk meats are popular street food. National dishes include fungee (pronounced ‘foon-jee’), a dish consisting of cornmeal and okra, often served with pepperpot, a vegetable stew with salt meat. Wadadli lager and Antigua English Harbour rum are the local tipples.





Food & Drink





Our pick of the top hotels in Antigua

Every one of our hotels is handpicked and personally visited by our team







Blue Waters & Cove Suites Antigua

Antigua, St Johns







Find out more









Carlisle Bay Antigua

Antigua, St Mary's







Find out more









Galley Bay Resort and Spa

Antigua, St Johns







Find out more









Sugar Ridge

Antigua, Jolly Harbour







Find out more









The Verandah Resort & Spa

Antigua, Dian Bay







Find out more







View all hotels in Antigua










What our customers think



We've been finding people their own slice of paradise for 45 years, and like to think we're pretty good at it.

Don't just take our word for it, though - see what our customers have said about their Sovereign experience..

Read customer reviews...









Call to book or speak to one of our Trusted Advisers
01293 762400*




The Sovereign Experience



About Us



Booking With Sovereign



Your Trusted Advisers



Airport Lounge Access



Your Holiday Is Protected





Already Booked?



Ways To Pay



Advance Passenger Information



FCO Travel Advice



Staying Safe Abroad



FAQs





Other



Terms and Policies



Privacy Policy



Our Family



Blog



Media enquiries and Press releases



Careers



Make-A-Wish







Award Winning Holidays from Sovereign












Connect with us



















Contact Us



Cookies Policy



Website Terms and Conditions



Agent login






Sovereign is a trading name of Specialist Holidays (Travel) Limited, which is part of the Travelopia Group of companies.
           Registered in England. Company Number: 446617. Registered Office: Origin One, 108 High Street, Crawley, West Sussex, RH10 1BD VAT Number: 252244234.





The Foreign Commonwealth Office and the NHS have up-to-date advice on staying safe and healthy abroad. For more on security, local laws, plus passport and visa information, see
https://travelaware.campaign.gov.uk/
. Keep informed of current travel health news by visiting
www.fitfortravel.nhs.uk
. For further information, please visit our "Travel Aware" information page at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/staying-safe-abroad/
.

Many of the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme but ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. Please see our booking conditions at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/
for information or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to:
http://www.caa.co.uk/atol-protection/
. We will provide you with financial protection for any package holidays you buy from us that do not include travel by air by way of a bond held by ABTA. For further information, visit the ABTA website at www.abta.com. If you book arrangements other than an ATOL protected flight or a package holiday, the financial protection referred to above does not apply. Our ATOL number is 0285 and our ABTA number is V4068.


*calls are charged at your provider's local or national rate.













Sign up for offers




Request a Quote




Request a Brochure













