
Luxury Maldives Holidays 2018/2019 | Sovereign



















Sovereign's Cookie Policy

This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are consenting to cookies being used. For information on cookies please see our
Cookies Policy
.



I agree







Toggle navigation












All hotels visited and approved by us.
Call our Trusted Advisers on:


01293 762400*


Call us between 9am -  8pm











Home




Destinations




Recommended




Tenerife



Ibiza



Lanzarote



Santorini



Sardinia



Madeira



Cancun



Phuket






Europe




Greece



Spain & The Canary Islands



Portugal



Cyprus



Turkey



Croatia



Italy



Malta






Far East




Bali



Thailand



Hong Kong



Singapore






Caribbean & Mexico




Mexico



Dominican Republic



Antigua



Barbados



St Lucia



Jamaica






Indian Ocean




Maldives



Mauritius



Seychelles



Sri Lanka






The Middle East




Dubai



Oman



United Arab Emirates





North Africa



Morocco








Holiday Types







Five Star Holidays



Island Hopping



Cruise and Stay



Luxury Crewed Yacht Charter



Luxury Rail Travel



Weddings Abroad



Something Different









All Inclusive Holidays



Family Friendly Holidays



Adult Only Holidays



Couples Holidays



Luxury Honeymoons



Multi-Centre Holidays








Hotel Collections







Hotel With Villas



Hotels with Spas



Hotels With Swim Up Rooms



Hotels With Private Pools



Boutique Hotels



Paradores







Offers




Contact us







Contact Us



About Us



Your Trusted Advisers



Booking with Sovereign



Our Brochure









Home



Destinations



Holiday Types



Hotel Collections



Offers



Contact us





















Luxury Maldives Holidays

Castaway island paradise









Home



Sovereign Holidays


Maldives





Your Search Results





Maldives

Made up of more than 1,000 islands scattered across the Indian Ocean, the Maldives is the quintessential get-away-from-it-all destination. It's a one-hotel-per-island affair, with properties ranging from luxe hideaways with stylish restaurants and bars, to rustic-chic retreats that draw on traditional Maldivian design.

The islands come with a natural colour scheme of green, white and blue - green for the glossy palms, white for the sugary sands, and blue for the photo-perfect lagoons that surround them. Beneath the waters things are just as spectacular, with colourful coral reefs and exotic sea life just a short swim from the beach. The Maldives is also home to some of the best scuba sites in the world, and hotels can arrange boat trips for keen divers.

Being surrounded by the sea means that fish (tuna in particular) is a key focus in Maldivian cuisine. Coconut is also used liberally - mixed into creamy curry sauces, sprinkled on top of salads and used in rich desserts. You'll also find plenty of dishes inspired by Sri Lankan and Indian cuisine.











Karen Knight

One of my favourite experiences in the Maldives was actually the sea plane transfer. You can spot dozens of islands from the window – it’s so different from a regular flight


Find Out More








Things to do in the Maldives

Enjoy scuba diving and snorkelling

The warm seas and fantastic visibility in the Indian Ocean make diving in the Maldives a popular activity. You can expect to see over a thousand species swimming around more than 3,000 coral reefs in the Maldives’ 26 atolls.

Find out more





Things to do in the Maldives

Go on a dolphin-spotting trip

The Maldives is one of the best places in the world to enjoy sightings of dolphins and whales - there is no better way to view these graceful creatures than in their natural habitat.

Find out more





Things to do in the Maldives

Visit Male

Busy, bustling Malé is the capital of the Maldives. This pleasantly quirky island is jam-packed with atmosphere, giving you a fantastic feel for Maldivian culture.

Find out more






Our pick of the top hotels in Maldives

Every one of our hotels is handpicked and personally visited by our team







Kurumba Maldives

Maldives







Find out more









Lux South Ari Atoll

Maldives







Find out more









Baros Maldives

Maldives







Find out more









Velassaru

Maldives







Find out more









Coco Bodu Hithi

Maldives







Find out more









Centara Grand Island

Maldives







Find out more







View all hotels in the Maldives



Maldives Specialities

Maldivian cuisine has been strongly influenced by Indian and Sri Lankan cuisine, which means you’ll be enjoying a lot of curry. Locally curry is called riha, and it is usually served with roshi, the Maldives’ version of India’s flattened bread. A local favourite on the islands is the Maldivian tuna curry, featuring diced fresh tuna, as well as kukulthriah which is a local chicken curry. The curries are creamy, spicy and flavoured with coconut.





Food & Drink









Flight Information

Flight time from the UK to the Maldives is approximately 10 hours.




When to go

The Maldives is a year-round destination, with temperatures around 30 degrees most of the time. December through to April are the driest months, making it the perfect time for those wanting to spend all day on the white sand. May to November brings the south-west monsoon, which means more rain - although it tends to clear fairly quickly. If you're diving, the western atolls will have the best visibility during the south-west monsoon, while the eastern atolls attract manta rays.




Visa Information

30-day tourist visas are available on arrival into the Maldives. The visa is free providing you have a return ticket home, and enough funds to cover your stay or a confirmation of hotel stay.



Tipping

A 10% service tax is added to bills in most hotels, restaurants and bars. If a tip hasn’t been included, consider leaving 10-15%.




Introduction to languages

The official language of the Maldives is Dhivehi. English is widely spoken too, so getting by is easy.



Health

No vaccines are required or recommended for the Maldives, however all routine immunisations should be up to date. For full details, please contact your GP.








Constance Moofushi: Honeymooning in paradise

03/06/2017



Choosing the perfect hotel in the Maldives was not an easy feat. This was mainly owing to the myriad options available – almost all of which we had fallen in love with – as well as the self-imposed pressure that, since this was our honeymoon, it had to be a once-in-a-lifetime, better-than-anything-we’ve-ever-done-before experience.

Read More










Frequently Asked Questions














What power plugs and sockets are used in the Maldives?







In the Maldives the standard power plugs and sockets are the same as the UK three pin plugs (type G), although there are some variations so an international adaptor can be useful. The electricity supply is 220V to 240V, with the frequency 50Hz.








Can you travel to other islands in the Maldives?







Many resorts can organise an excursion by boat to islands that are home to local fishing villages, or to the capital Male. If you want to get a panoramic view of the islands consider a sight-seeing trip on a seaplane.




















What our customers think



We've been finding people their own slice of paradise for 45 years, and like to think we're pretty good at it.

Don't just take our word for it, though - see what our customers have said about their Sovereign experience..

Read customer reviews...









Call to book or speak to one of our Trusted Advisers
01293 762400*




The Sovereign Experience



About Us



Booking With Sovereign



Your Trusted Advisers



Airport Lounge Access



Your Holiday Is Protected





Already Booked?



Ways To Pay



Advance Passenger Information



FCO Travel Advice



Staying Safe Abroad



FAQs





Other



Terms and Policies



Privacy Policy



Our Family



Blog



Media enquiries and Press releases



Careers



Make-A-Wish







Award Winning Holidays from Sovereign












Connect with us



















Contact Us



Cookies Policy



Website Terms and Conditions



Agent login






Sovereign is a trading name of Specialist Holidays (Travel) Limited, which is part of the Travelopia Group of companies.
           Registered in England. Company Number: 446617. Registered Office: Origin One, 108 High Street, Crawley, West Sussex, RH10 1BD VAT Number: 252244234.





The Foreign Commonwealth Office and the NHS have up-to-date advice on staying safe and healthy abroad. For more on security, local laws, plus passport and visa information, see
https://travelaware.campaign.gov.uk/
. Keep informed of current travel health news by visiting
www.fitfortravel.nhs.uk
. For further information, please visit our "Travel Aware" information page at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/staying-safe-abroad/
.

Many of the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme but ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. Please see our booking conditions at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/
for information or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to:
http://www.caa.co.uk/atol-protection/
. We will provide you with financial protection for any package holidays you buy from us that do not include travel by air by way of a bond held by ABTA. For further information, visit the ABTA website at www.abta.com. If you book arrangements other than an ATOL protected flight or a package holiday, the financial protection referred to above does not apply. Our ATOL number is 0285 and our ABTA number is V4068.


*calls are charged at your provider's local or national rate.













Sign up for offers




Request a Quote




Request a Brochure













