
Hotels with Spas



















Sovereign's Cookie Policy

This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are consenting to cookies being used. For information on cookies please see our
Cookies Policy
.



I agree







Toggle navigation












All hotels visited and approved by us.
Call our Trusted Advisers on:


01293 762400*


Call us between 9am -  8pm











Home




Destinations




Recommended




Tenerife



Ibiza



Lanzarote



Santorini



Sardinia



Madeira



Cancun



Phuket






Europe




Greece



Spain & The Canary Islands



Portugal



Cyprus



Turkey



Croatia



Italy



Malta






Far East




Bali



Thailand



Hong Kong



Singapore






Caribbean & Mexico




Mexico



Dominican Republic



Antigua



Barbados



St Lucia



Jamaica






Indian Ocean




Maldives



Mauritius



Seychelles



Sri Lanka






The Middle East




Dubai



Oman



United Arab Emirates





North Africa



Morocco








Holiday Types







Five Star Holidays



Island Hopping



Cruise and Stay



Luxury Crewed Yacht Charter



Luxury Rail Travel



Weddings Abroad



Something Different









All Inclusive Holidays



Family Friendly Holidays



Adult Only Holidays



Couples Holidays



Luxury Honeymoons



Multi-Centre Holidays








Hotel Collections







Hotel With Villas



Hotels with Spas



Hotels With Swim Up Rooms



Hotels With Private Pools



Boutique Hotels



Paradores







Offers




Contact us







Contact Us



About Us



Your Trusted Advisers



Booking with Sovereign



Our Brochure









Home



Destinations



Holiday Types



Hotel Collections



Offers



Contact us





















Hotels with Spas











Home



Hotel Collections


Hotels with Spas







Luxury spa hotels


When it comes to wellbeing, our collection of spa hotels is perfect. Our recommended spas are anything but run of the mill, with everything from acrobatic yoga classes and personalised wellness programmes, to sprawling thalassotherapy circuits and extensive menus of muscle-melting massages.

All of our spa hotels have been tried and tested by our Trusted Advisers, so feel free to ask them for first-hand recommendations or further information about what’s on offer at each hotel.

The collection isn’t just for serious spa-goers. If you’d rather spend more time out by the pool or on the beach, you can easily pop in for a treatment (or two) during your holiday – your Trusted Adviser can book your treatment time before you even leave the UK.













Handpicked hotels with standout spa and wellness facilities


Your Trusted Adviser can recommend the right spa hotel for you


We can reserve treatment times, book classes and arrange spa passes







Casale Panayiotis, Cyprus

This spa is beautiful, with views over the surrounding Troodos Mountains.  Wake yourself up with the crushed ice in the snow room, before a long soak in the pool.



Find out more










Blue Palace, a Luxury Collection Resort & Spa, Crete

•

Award-winning spa with sea views
•

Thalassotherapy pools and experiences






Find Out More









Domes Noruz Chania, Crete

•

Intimate spa with a serene feel
•

Treatments use 100% natural products by Elemis






Find Out More









Domes of Elounda, Crete


Enjoy a mosaic-tiled hammam, massages with luxurious Elemis products, and a pool with sea views at the fabulous spa at Domes of Elounda.






Find out more









For more information, call our Trusted Advisers on
01293 762400*













Kurumba, Maldives

•

Treatments draw on ‘dhivehi-beys’ – traditional herbal medicine
•

Meditation sessions and sunrise/sunset yoga classes






Find Out More









Six Senses Zil Payson, Seychelles

•

Spa hidden away among dramatic granite formations
•

Infinity pool and yoga pavilion with incredible views






Find Out More









Waldorf Astoria Dubai Palm Jumeirah, Dubai

The 3,200-square-metre spa here was named Best Luxury Destination Spa in the UAE at the 2017 World Luxury Spa Awards. It offers treatments from all over the world.



Find out more










Porto Sani, Halkidiki

•

Treatments tailored to suit each guest
•

Scented oils and products by Anne Sémonin






Find Out More









Blue & Green Vilalara Thalassa Resort, Algarve

•

Award-winning medical spa and thalassotherapy centre
•

Weight loss and wellness packages, plus spa rituals






Find Out More









Gran Hotel Bahia del Duque, Tenerife

•

Outdoor thalassotherapy circuit with bubble beds and sun terrace
•

Open-air treatment cabanas among pools and waterfalls






Find Out More













What our customers think



We've been finding people their own slice of paradise for 45 years, and like to think we're pretty good at it.

Don't just take our word for it, though - see what our customers have said about their Sovereign experience..

Read customer reviews...








Call to book or speak to one of our Trusted Advisers
01293 762400*




The Sovereign Experience



About Us



Booking With Sovereign



Your Trusted Advisers



Airport Lounge Access



Your Holiday Is Protected





Already Booked?



Ways To Pay



Advance Passenger Information



FCO Travel Advice



Staying Safe Abroad



FAQs





Other



Terms and Policies



Privacy Policy



Our Family



Blog



Media enquiries and Press releases



Careers



Make-A-Wish







Award Winning Holidays from Sovereign












Connect with us



















Contact Us



Cookies Policy



Website Terms and Conditions



Agent login






Sovereign is a trading name of Specialist Holidays (Travel) Limited, which is part of the Travelopia Group of companies.
           Registered in England. Company Number: 446617. Registered Office: Origin One, 108 High Street, Crawley, West Sussex, RH10 1BD VAT Number: 252244234.





The Foreign Commonwealth Office and the NHS have up-to-date advice on staying safe and healthy abroad. For more on security, local laws, plus passport and visa information, see
https://travelaware.campaign.gov.uk/
. Keep informed of current travel health news by visiting
www.fitfortravel.nhs.uk
. For further information, please visit our "Travel Aware" information page at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/staying-safe-abroad/
.

Many of the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme but ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. Please see our booking conditions at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/
for information or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to:
http://www.caa.co.uk/atol-protection/
. We will provide you with financial protection for any package holidays you buy from us that do not include travel by air by way of a bond held by ABTA. For further information, visit the ABTA website at www.abta.com. If you book arrangements other than an ATOL protected flight or a package holiday, the financial protection referred to above does not apply. Our ATOL number is 0285 and our ABTA number is V4068.


*calls are charged at your provider's local or national rate.












Sign up for offers




Request a Quote




Request a Brochure





