
Frequently Asked Questions | Sovereign Luxury Travel



















Sovereign's Cookie Policy

This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are consenting to cookies being used. For information on cookies please see our
Cookies Policy
.



I agree







Toggle navigation












All hotels visited and approved by us.
Call our Trusted Advisers on:


01293 762400*


Call us between 9am -  8pm











Home




Destinations




Recommended




Tenerife



Ibiza



Lanzarote



Santorini



Sardinia



Madeira



Cancun



Phuket






Europe




Greece



Spain & The Canary Islands



Portugal



Cyprus



Turkey



Croatia



Italy



Malta






Far East




Bali



Thailand



Hong Kong



Singapore






Caribbean & Mexico




Mexico



Dominican Republic



Antigua



Barbados



St Lucia



Jamaica






Indian Ocean




Maldives



Mauritius



Seychelles



Sri Lanka






The Middle East




Dubai



Oman



United Arab Emirates





North Africa



Morocco








Holiday Types







Five Star Holidays



Island Hopping



Cruise and Stay



Luxury Crewed Yacht Charter



Luxury Rail Travel



Weddings Abroad



Something Different









All Inclusive Holidays



Family Friendly Holidays



Adult Only Holidays



Couples Holidays



Luxury Honeymoons



Multi-Centre Holidays








Hotel Collections







Hotel With Villas



Hotels with Spas



Hotels With Swim Up Rooms



Hotels With Private Pools



Boutique Hotels



Paradores







Offers




Contact us







Contact Us



About Us



Your Trusted Advisers



Booking with Sovereign



Our Brochure









Home



Destinations



Holiday Types



Hotel Collections



Offers



Contact us





















FAQS











Home



About us


Frequently asked questions










General Information














How do I make a payment on a booking?








Your balance can be paid in full or in instalments by clicking here:
Pay your balance online

To make a payment you will require:

Booking reference

Lead passenger surname

Departure date



You can also make a payment by calling our Accounts Department on
    0330 3322264 (Calls cost 5p per minute plus network extras)


For all direct bookings made before the 29th December 2014 or for all travel agent bookings, the full balance of the holiday must be paid no later than 10 weeks before departure.

For all direct booking made after the 29th December the full balance of the holiday must be paid no later than 12 weeks before departure. Failure to do this may result in your holiday being cancelled and charges made accordingly.

For direct customers where travel is within 12 weeks of the booking date you will need to pay the full cost of the holiday at the time of booking, by debit or credit card.

For customers who booked through a travel agent where travel is within 10 weeks of the booking date you will need to pay the full cost of the holiday at the time of booking, by debit or credit card.

Cheques require 5 working days to clear - cheques that will not clear at least 12 weeks before departure cannot be accepted.








What is your deposit?







The deposit required at booking stage is usually £180 per person. Some airfares are booked at especially competitive rates to which the airlines may attach severe restrictions. You may be asked to pay for these in full at the time of booking and they may be non-refundable in the event of cancellation.

Please note that the deposit you are required to pay at the time of booking is clearly shown as "Deposit due now" in the Price Summary (on the Holiday Summary page). Where this does not appear it is because full payment is required at the time of booking.








How soon after booking will I receive my documentation?







As we step up our efforts to strive for a sustainable office and minimise our paper usage and carbon footprint, we are no longer sending correspondence by post if you have provided us with an email address.

For online bookings you will receive a  booking request acknowledgement email the same day. For online and telephone bookings, once your booking is confirmed by us, you will receive your confirmation invoice via email within 5 working days.

For our customers who do not have an email address, when the booking is confirmed by us, you will receive your confirmation invoice by post within 5 working days.

Your itinerary and any other required documents will be sent via email (if provided) or by Royal Mail post, a minimum of 10 days prior to departure. Please note that most of our scheduled flights now operate an e-ticket system - where this is the case, paper tickets will not be sent out and the airline reference number will be included  on your itinerary.

Please ensure you retain your itinerary for all aspects of your journey as this may be required for check-in.








What is the general luggage allowance allowed on flights and what terminal do I depart from?








As many airlines operate different policies regarding hold baggage, we have provided the information  below as a guide. In addition to assist with your travel plans we have included  detail for departure terminals. Should you wish to enquire about opportunities to upgrade your flight in any way, please do not hesitate contact our Customer  Service department on the number stated on your itinerary.

Unless otherwise stated on your itinerary, your flight will consist of the following:







Air France






Air France (pre fix AF) Baggage Information

All Intercontinental Flights


1 piece not exceeding 23kg in Economy

2 pieces not exceeding 23kg per piece Premium Economy

2 pieces not exceeding 32kg per piece in Business Class

3 pieces not exceeding 32kg per piece in La Premiere/First


Travel in Europe (excluding routes below)


1 piece not exceeding 23kg in Economy

2 pieces not exceeding 23kg per piece in Premium Economy

2 pieces not exceeding 32kg per piece in Business Class


London City Airport to Paris Orly, Dublin, Avignon, Brest, Luxembourg, Nantes and Pau


For discounted Economy fares, hold luggage is not included in your fare price.  This will need to be added before travel or at the airport








Air Mauritius






Air Mauritius (pre fix MK) Baggage Information

Travel between Europe and Mauritius


1 piece not exceeding 23kg luggage allowance in Economy Class

2 pieces not exceeding 32kg luggage allowance per piece in Business Class


Air Mauritius (pre fix MK) Departure Terminal Information

All destinations


Depart from London Heathrow Terminal 4








All Other Airlines






Virgin Atlantic (pre fix VS) Baggage Information

All Destinations


1 piece not exceeding 23kg per piece luggage allowance in Economy Class

2 pieces not exceeding 23kg per piece luggage allowance in Premium Economy Class

3 pieces not exceeding 32kg per piece luggage allowance in Upper Class








British Airways






British Airways (pre fix BA) Baggage Information

All destinations


1 piece not exceeding 23kg luggage allowance in Euro Traveller & World Traveller

2 pieces not exceeding 23kg per piece luggage allowance in World Traveller Plus

2 pieces not exceeding 32kg per piece luggage allowance in Club Europe

3 pieces not exceeding 32kg per piece luggage allowance in Club World and First








EASYJET






EASYJET Baggage Information


1 piece not exceeding 20kg is included as luggage allowance in the price of your flight


Easyjet Cabin Bag Guarantee From 2nd July 2013, Easyjet are offering a new cabin bag guarantee.  If your cabin bag is within the dimensions of 50x40x20cm including all handles and wheels, it is guaranteed to be allowed in the cabin with you.  If your cabin bag is larger than this, up to a maximum size of 56x45x25cm including handles and wheels, it may have to be put in the hold on busier flights (at no additional cost).  This guarantee relates to carry-on bags and does not affect your luggage allowance. Larger bags will have to be taken as part of your luggage allowance or a supplement paid.

EASYJET Departure Terminal Information


Depart from London Gatwick:

All flight numbers between 800-899 & 8000-8999 will depart from North Terminal

All flight numbers between 5000 - 5999 will depart from South Terminal



Depart from Manchester Terminal 1

Depart from Glasgow Main Terminal








Egyptair






Egyptair (pre fix MS) Baggage Information

All destinations


2 piece not exceeding 23kg per piece luggage allowance in Economy Class

2 pieces not exceeding 32kg per piece luggage allowance in Business Class


Egyptair (pre fix MS) Departure Terminal

All destinations


Depart from London Heathrow Terminal 3








Emirates






Emirates (pre fix EK) Baggage Information

All destinations


Total of 30kg luggage allowance in Economy Class

Total of 40kg luggage allowance in Business Class

Total of 50kg luggage allowance in First Class


Emirates (pre fix EK) Departure Terminal Information

All destinations


Depart from London Heathrow Terminal 3

Depart from London Gatwick North Terminal

Depart from Manchester Terminal 1


If you are departing from Birmingham, Newcastle, Glasgow and Edinburgh you will be departing from the main terminal.







Etihad Airways






Etihad Airways (pre fix EY) Baggage Information

All destinations


Total of 30kg luggage allowance in Coral Economy Class

Total of 40kg luggage allowance in Pearl Business Class

Total of 50kg luggage allowance in Diamond First Class


Etihad Airways (pre fix EY) Departure Terminal Information

All destinations


Depart from London Heathrow Terminal 4

Depart from Manchester Terminal 1








JET2






Jet2 (pre fix LS) Baggage Information


1 piece not exceeding 22kg luggage allowance is included in your Economy Fare


Jet2 (pre fix LS) Departure Terminal Information


Depart from Manchester Terminal 1


If you are departing from Edinburgh, East Midlands, Glasgow, Leeds Bradford & Newcastle you will be departing from the main terminal.







KLM






KLM (pre fix KL) Baggage Information

All Intercontinental Flights


1 piece not exceeding 23kg luggage allowance in Economy Class

2 pieces not exceeding 32kg per piece luggage allowance in Business Class


European Flights


There is no hold luggage included in your Economy fare price*. This will need to be added before travel or at the airport.

2 pieces not exceeding 32kg per piece in Business Class


*No luggage included with exception of Frequent Traveller Members and travel to/from Italy, Russia, Ukraine, Turkey, Georgia and Belarus.

KLM (pre fix KL) Departure Terminal Information


Depart from London Heathrow Terminal 4

Depart from Manchester Terminal 3

If you are departing from Leeds-Bradford, Aberdeen, Edinburgh, Glasgow, Newcastle, Bristol or Birmingham you will be departing from the Main Terminal.








Monarch






Monarch (pre fix MON & ZB) Baggage Information


1 piece not exceeding 20kg luggage allowance is included in your Economy Fare


Monarch (pre fix MON & ZB) Departure Terminal Information


Depart from London Gatwick South Terminal

Depart from Manchester Terminal 2

If you are departing from Birmingham, East Midlands, Leeds-Bradford or Luton you will be departing from the Main Terminal.








Qatar Airways






Qatar Airways (pre fix QR) Baggage Information

All destinations


Total of 23kg luggage allowance in Economy

Total of 30kg luggage allowance in Business Class

Total of 40kg luggage allowance in First Class


Qatar Airways (pre fix QR) Departure Terminal Information

All destinations


Depart from London Heathrow Terminal 4

Depart from Manchester Terminal 2








SriLankan Airlines






SriLankan Airlines (pre fix UL) Baggage Information

All destinations


30kg luggage allowance in Economy Class

40kg luggage allowance in Business Class


SriLankan Airlines (pre fix UL) Departure Terminal Information

All destinations


Depart from London Heathrow Terminal 4








Thomas Cook






Thomas Cook (pre fix TCX) Baggage Information


1 piece not exceeding 20kg luggage allowance is included by your Economy Fare


Thomas Cook (pre fix TCX) Departure Terminal Information


Depart from London Gatwick South Terminal

Depart from Manchester Terminal 1

Depart from Terminal 1 at London Heathrow

Depart from Main Terminal at Glasgow, Birmingham and Stansted








Thomson Airways






Thomson Airways (pre fix TOM) Baggage Information


1 piece not exceeding 20kg luggage allowance for Economy Class

1 piece not exceeding 23kg luggage allowance for Premium Class


Thomson Airways (pre fix TOM) Departure Terminal Information


Depart from London Gatwick North Terminal

Depart from Birmingham Main Terminal

Depart from Manchester Terminal 2

Depart from Glasgow Main Terminal








Virgin Atlantic






Virgin Atlantic (pre fix VS) Baggage Information

All Destinations


1 piece not exceeding 23kg per piece luggage allowance in Economy Class

2 pieces not exceeding 23kg per piece luggage allowance in Premium Economy Class

3 pieces not exceeding 32kg per piece luggage allowance in Upper Class


Virgin Atlantic (pre fix VS) Departure Terminal Information

All destinations


Depart from London Heathrow Terminal 3

Depart from Gatwick South Terminal

Depart from Manchester Terminal 2












I wish to book a seat with extra space are there any restrictions?







Seats with extra space can be pre-booked on a number of airlines for an extra charge, however these are subject to availability and some airlines do not allow you to prebook. These seats are often close or next to emergency exit doors, behind a bulkhead or behind a dividing wall. They may therefore have additional space in front of the seat, but not always additional room to stretch your legs out. To check availability and book extra legroom seats please call our Customer Services Team.

Emergency exit row seats are only available to passengers who are able to move quickly and operate the emergency exit without difficultly if necessary, in line with European Aviation Safety Authority (EASA) regulations. These regulations have been put in place by the EASA and are for the safety of all passengers. The cabin crew have the final say and we kindly ask that their decisions are respected.

Some factors can restrict passengers from using exit seats:


physical or mental impairment or disability

age or sickness

physical size

who requires an extension seatbelt

passengers who have difficulty moving quickly

anyone under the age of 14 (whether accompanied or not)

those under the influence of alcohol

travelling with an assistance animal









What hand baggage restrictions are there?







Cabin / Hand / Carry On Baggage - All Airlines

All airlines have differing specifications for cabin baggage. Due to the nature and the number of restrictions, which may be destination specific, we advise all passengers to check the relevant airline's website for full comprehensive details.








I'm a British Airways Executive Club Member, will I still receive my membership benefits when booking?







Please note that on some of our British Airways routes, there may be restrictions on the benefits that you would normally receive as an Executive Club Member. These restrictions occur when the seats are bought from an allocation we have on certain routes. If you would like clarification on whether these restrictions occur on the flights you would like to select, please call us and one of our Personal Travel Experts will be able to detail any restrictions or find alternatives for you where there are no restrictions.








How can I arrange assistance at the airports?







Wheelchair and special assistance for passengers with reduced mobility and/or sensory impairments can be provided at most airports. It is essential that you arrange this with us at the time
		of booking to avoid disappointment. If you do not make this request in advance, we cannot guarantee that the service will be available. Simply contact us on
		
01293 762400 for new enquiries and bookings or 
01293 762 402 for existing bookings and tell us the type of assistance
		required.


General assistance through the airport to help you with the distance (WCHR)

Assistance through the airport including any stairs that you will struggle with (WCHS)

Complete assistance to your aircraft seat if you are wheelchair bound (WCHC)









I am taking my own wheelchair on holiday with me; can I use this to assist me through the airport?







We will need to notify the airline of your wheelchair and its dimensions and weight and request for you to use it through the airport; however the final decision lies with the airport staff upon check-in. We would recommend that you also request for airport assistance at the time of booking in case the airport staff does advise you to check-in your own wheelchair, you will get an airport wheelchair to use.








I will be carrying medical equipment onboard as part of my hand luggage, do I need to inform you?







Yes, please inform us of any medical equipment you will be taking on holiday with you and if you will need to use this onboard your flight as it may need to be cleared with the airline.








I am taking medication on holiday; will I need to inform you?







You will need to inform us of any medication if you are travelling to Vietnam or to the United Arab Emirates.

All Travellers to the b Emirates are advised to check whether their medication is on the approved drugs list provided by the Ministry of Health on the following website address
http://www.uaeembassyuk.net/
or contact via the telephone on 0207 581 1281.

For any other destinations, it is recommended that you carry a repeat prescription with the medication in its original pharmacy packaging or a doctor's letter confirming any liquid medication that exceeds the 100ml per bottle limit.








Can I hire a wheelchair or mobility scooter in Resort?







You can hire a wheelchair or mobility scooter in majority of our Resorts. We would need to contact our Ground Handlers to check arrangements and costs. On some occasions we may not be able to assist with the arrangements due to insurance purposes and you would therefore need to contact the recommended company directly.








I require a specially adapted vehicle to pick me up from the airport and take me to the hotel and return, can this be arranged?







Yes, majority of our Suppliers will have these and we would need to contact them for availability and costs for your dates. Please contact us on
		
01293 762400 for new enquiries and bookings or 
03303 322162 for existing bookings to make arrangements.








Will a private transfer accommodate us, our suitcases and a collapsible wheelchair?







This will depend on your party size and the size of vehicle used by our Suppliers in Resort. We would need to contact them to advise of any mobility aids to check and/or arrange vehicle size if needed. If a larger vehicle is required, there may be additional charges incurred.








What should I do if I have a special request on a booking?







If you or any of your party have a Special Assistance requirement (for disabled or less mobile passengers). Please call 
01293 762 402 with your quote reference number and we will endeavour to make sure your requirements are met before booking.








What is ATOL?







ATOL was established nearly 45 years ago by the government to ensure holiday makers booking an air-package or flight booking (flights must be international and leaving from or arriving in to the UK) were financially protected if their tour operator ceased trading. We are ATOL bonded so you have always had this protection when you book with us. It means that if you book a protected holiday you are looked after in resort and brought back to the UK, or if you are yet to travel, and ATOL are unable to source your holiday from another operator you could apply for a refund of anything paid to that point.

Since ATOL was first established, more people are booking their holiday components separately, rather than booking a package holiday. This has led to confusion over what parts of a holiday might be protected by ATOL and inconsistency between some agents and operators and what they have protected under their ATOL licence. ATOL reform therefore took place and to ensure you are clear over the ATOL protection that you will have for your booking a certificate is being issued for all protected bookings.

Many of the flights and flight-inclusive holidays we sell are financially protected by the ATOL scheme. But ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking when you make it. If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. Please see the below information and our booking conditions for information or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to:
www.atol.org.uk/ATOLCertificate








Why have you sent me an ATOL certificate?







The government recently proposed changes to the ATOL regulations that will provide clarity over exactly what is and is not financially protected under the ATOL scheme. As an ATOL-licensed tour operator we are pleased to have always provided our customers with the highest level of protection. However, since 1 October 2012, we are now obliged by the Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) to issue certificates with all our air package or flight bookings.  Your certificate confirms that your money is protected and details which parts of your booking are covered under the ATOL scheme.

We have always protected our customers in this way, so there is no change to your level of financial security, the only difference is that we will now provide you with a certificate to prove this. There are three different types of certificate - Flight Only, Flight Plus and Package. We will issue you with the correct type of certificate.








Why have you not sent me an ATOL certificate?







If you made your booking after 01 October, and greater than 72 hours before departure, and did not receive an ATOL Certificate then your booking is not ATOL protected. ATOL only provides financial protection for package holidays with a flight, or flight only bookings so some bookings are not protected under the scheme. Also, only bookings with an international flight in to or out of the UK are included. If you have booked a package holiday with us that does not include a flight, we will provide you with financial protection by way of a bond held by ABTA. We are a member of ABTA which means you have the benefit of ABTA's assistance and Code of Conduct. We provide
financial protection
for your money when you buy a package holiday. If you buy other travel arrangements such as accommodation only this protection doesn't apply. For further information, visit the ABTA website at
www.abta.com
. If you book arrangements other than an ATOL protected flight or a package holiday, the financial protection referred to above does not apply. Our ATOL number is 0285 and our ABTA number is V4068.

For new bookings made within 72 hours and for amendments made within 72 hours, we will not issue a certificate. You are still protected, but must have your Booking Confirmation and Invoice with you on holiday instead.

If your holiday has items on-request you will not receive a certificate until all items are processed and your booking is confirmed.

If you made an air package or flight booking with us prior to 01 October, you will only receive a certificate if an amendment is made that changes the details listed specifically on the certificate. If you made your booking prior to 01 October and do not amend your booking to receive a certificate, you are still protected at the same level you were previously. Keep your Booking Confirmation and Invoice safe and take it with you on holiday, as this is what you will need to produce if a claim is required.

If your booking changes from an air package or flight to an accommodation-only booking, or it changes to a non-flight package a certificate will not be issued. This is because your booking will no longer be protected under the ATOL scheme.








When should I receive my ATOL certificate?







If you made your booking through a Travel Agent your certificate will be handed to you at the agency.

If you made your booking online direct with us, a certificate will be sent to you via email shortly after your complete your booking.

If you made your booking direct with us via our Call Centre, your certificate will be emailed to you shortly after we complete your booking, or if you do not have an email address your certificate will be posted to you within 24 hours Monday-Friday / 48 hours Saturday-Sunday.








What do I have to do with my ATOL certificate?







Keep your latest ATOL certificate safe with your Booking Confirmation and Invoice and your Departure Documents and take it on holiday with you.








Why have you issued me a new ATOL certificate?







If there are changes to your booking and the information provided on the previous certificate changes (more than 72 hours prior to departure), we must issue a new ATOL Certificate.  For example, if the flight number of your flight changes, or new passengers are added to the booking. If changes are made to your booking that are not separately detailed on the certificate we will not send you a new certificate. For example, the name of your hotel, or a minor flight time change.








Why has the type of ATOL certificate you issued me changed?







There are 3 different types of ATOL certificate and any air-package or flight booking will fit in to one of the categories.  If your booking changes, it may require a different type of certificate or a certificate may be required when it was not previously appropriate.

For example, if you had a flight-only booking and received your flight-only certificate, but then added on an overnight accommodation or a car hire you would then receive a package certificate.

For example, if you booked accommodation-only initially, but then added on a flight, you would initially have received no certificate, but would then receive a package certificate.

If your booking changes from an air package or flight to an accommodation-only booking or a non-air package, a new certificate will not be issued as your booking will no longer be protected under the ATOL scheme.








Why do I have a different price on my ATOL certificate vs. my Invoice, or there is no amount at all stated on the certificate?







The amount protected under the ATOL scheme shows on Flight-Only and Flight Plus certificates, but does not show on a Package Certificates.

The amount shown is protected under the ATOL scheme. Certain parts of your booking, such as UK domestic flights, insurance premiums and credit card charges are not included, and therefore will not be part of the protected amount shown.

This does not affect the price or the details of your booking with us and you should check your Booking Confirmation and Invoice for what we have confirmed to you, what you have paid already and the balance that must be paid.








Why are the number of passengers different on my ATOL certificate vs. my Invoice?







Infants are excluded from the number of passengers, however their names will be included in the list of passengers.








Why are everyone's names not listed?







It is a requirement for all passengers names to be listed on the Flight Only and Flight Plus certificate. Package Certificates may contain only the Lead passenger name under the CAA guidelines. Whether all the names appear on a Package Certificate depends on the party size, however all names will be listed on the Booking Confirmation and/or invoice. In addition, only those passengers utilising all of the package or Flight Plus trip will be listed, so if some of your party are only using the accommodation their names will not show.

This does not affect the people who are included in your booking with us and you should check your Booking Confirmation and Invoice for what we have confirmed to you and to make sure that all names are spelt correctly.








Why are some of my Flights and Extras not listed on my ATOL certificate?







There are certain rules that apply to what is protected by ATOL. Certain parts of your booking, such as UK domestic flights, insurance premiums and credit card charges are not included and therefore will not show on your certificate.

This does not affect the price or the details of your booking with us and you should check your Booking Confirmation and Invoice for what we have confirmed to you.








Why has my Travel Agent issued my certificate not you?







We have agreed with a number of the Travel Agents we work with that they will issue an ATOL certificate to you. This does not affect the level of protection you will receive, we just wanted to make sure you received your certificate as quickly as possible.








If I'm not protected under ATOL do I have any financial protection?







If you have booked a package holiday with us that does not include a flight, we will provide you with financial protection by way of a bond held by ABTA. For further information, visit the ABTA website at
www.abta.com
. If you book arrangements other than an ATOL protected air package or flight booking, or a package holiday we do not provide financial protection.















































What our customers think



We've been finding people their own slice of paradise for 45 years, and like to think we're pretty good at it.

Don't just take our word for it, though - see what our customers have said about their Sovereign experience..

Read customer reviews...









Call to book or speak to one of our Trusted Advisers
01293 762400*




The Sovereign Experience



About Us



Booking With Sovereign



Your Trusted Advisers



Airport Lounge Access



Your Holiday Is Protected





Already Booked?



Ways To Pay



Advance Passenger Information



FCO Travel Advice



Staying Safe Abroad



FAQs





Other



Terms and Policies



Privacy Policy



Our Family



Blog



Media enquiries and Press releases



Careers



Make-A-Wish







Award Winning Holidays from Sovereign












Connect with us



















Contact Us



Cookies Policy



Website Terms and Conditions



Agent login






Sovereign is a trading name of Specialist Holidays (Travel) Limited, which is part of the Travelopia Group of companies.
           Registered in England. Company Number: 446617. Registered Office: Origin One, 108 High Street, Crawley, West Sussex, RH10 1BD VAT Number: 252244234.





The Foreign Commonwealth Office and the NHS have up-to-date advice on staying safe and healthy abroad. For more on security, local laws, plus passport and visa information, see
https://travelaware.campaign.gov.uk/
. Keep informed of current travel health news by visiting
www.fitfortravel.nhs.uk
. For further information, please visit our "Travel Aware" information page at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/staying-safe-abroad/
.

Many of the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme but ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. Please see our booking conditions at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/
for information or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to:
http://www.caa.co.uk/atol-protection/
. We will provide you with financial protection for any package holidays you buy from us that do not include travel by air by way of a bond held by ABTA. For further information, visit the ABTA website at www.abta.com. If you book arrangements other than an ATOL protected flight or a package holiday, the financial protection referred to above does not apply. Our ATOL number is 0285 and our ABTA number is V4068.


*calls are charged at your provider's local or national rate.













Sign up for offers




Request a Quote




Request a Brochure













