
Luxury Thailand Holidays 2018/2019 | Sovereign



















Sovereign's Cookie Policy

This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are consenting to cookies being used. For information on cookies please see our
Cookies Policy
.



I agree







Toggle navigation












All hotels visited and approved by us.
Call our Trusted Advisers on:


01293 762400*


Call us between 9am -  8pm











Home




Destinations




Recommended




Tenerife



Ibiza



Lanzarote



Santorini



Sardinia



Madeira



Cancun



Phuket






Europe




Greece



Spain & The Canary Islands



Portugal



Cyprus



Turkey



Croatia



Italy



Malta






Far East




Bali



Thailand



Hong Kong



Singapore






Caribbean & Mexico




Mexico



Dominican Republic



Antigua



Barbados



St Lucia



Jamaica






Indian Ocean




Maldives



Mauritius



Seychelles



Sri Lanka






The Middle East




Dubai



Oman



United Arab Emirates





North Africa



Morocco








Holiday Types







Five Star Holidays



Island Hopping



Cruise and Stay



Luxury Crewed Yacht Charter



Luxury Rail Travel



Weddings Abroad



Something Different









All Inclusive Holidays



Family Friendly Holidays



Adult Only Holidays



Couples Holidays



Luxury Honeymoons



Multi-Centre Holidays








Hotel Collections







Hotel With Villas



Hotels with Spas



Hotels With Swim Up Rooms



Hotels With Private Pools



Boutique Hotels



Paradores







Offers




Contact us







Contact Us



About Us



Your Trusted Advisers



Booking with Sovereign



Our Brochure









Home



Destinations



Holiday Types



Hotel Collections



Offers



Contact us





















Luxury Thailand Holidays

Land of smiles









Home



Sovereign Holidays


Thailand





Your Search Results





Thailand


Thailand's balmy temperatures and palm-lined shores make it a prime beach destination, but the Land of Smiles is much more than just sun and sand. Scenery-wise, the white sandy beaches often give way to greenery, whether it's groves of palm trees, rows of tall casuarinas or lush jungle.

You'll find Buddhist temples, or wats, everywhere - they're quiet sanctuaries in the middle of chaotic cities and calm retreats tucked away in countryside villages. Each temple is ornately decorated, often with golden spires and mosaic tiles, and always with Buddha statues.

The capital, Bangkok, is a whirlwind of a city, mixing skyscrapers, luxury hotels and super-modern shopping malls with ancient palaces, street-side markets and beeping tuk-tuks. Snaking slowly through the city is the Chao Phraya River - a boat trip along its waters is a great way to see the sights at a leisurely pace.

Then there are the beach resorts. On the west coast, you've got Khao Lak and Krabi. Khao Lak is home to huge swathes of unspoilt beach, plus a trio of national parks, while Krabi's white sands are overlooked by limestone karsts and cliffs.

Just across the Andaman Sea is the island of Phuket, which lines up pristine beaches, national parks and lively towns. Off the east coast of Thailand is the island of Koh Samui. It's one of Thailand's original holiday destinations, thanks to its fantastic beaches.












Leanne Hall

I was so surprised by how varied the different parts of Thailand are. I enjoyed everything from exploring Koh Samui's temples and relaxing on postcard-perfect beaches in Phuket, to shopping at local markets in Bangkok. The ultimate highlight, though - feeding an elephant for the first time. Did I mention the Thai food is out of this world too?


Find Out More









Destinations in Thailand









Bangkok

The Thai capital of Bangkok sprawls out along the Chao Phraya River, just north of the Gulf of Thailand. Gilded palaces, temples and skyscrapers light up the whole waterfront.



Find out more









Khao Lak

Khao Lak showcases some of Thailand’s best beaches. Once a necklace of villages, this south-west region is now a string of laid-back beach resorts with a palm and mountain backdrop.





Find out more









Koh Samui

Koh Samui is one of biggest islands in Thailand. It’s long been known as a luxury retreat, thanks to the beachside spa hotels that loop around its rainforest interior.



Find out more









Krabi

Krabi lies just across the water from Phuket. This is travel-magazine Thailand, where longtail boats glide between towering islands, rainforests and white-gold beaches.



Find out more









Phuket

Phuket is the most-wanted island in Thailand. It’s so big it feels like part of the mainland, bundling together neon-lit cities, mountaintop Buddhist temples and chic beach retreats.





Find out more









Search for your holiday here





Your Search Results







Flight Information

Flight time from the UK to Thailand is approximately 11 hours 30 minutes.



When to go

Thailand has a tropical climate, which means it’s hot and humid for most of the year. Rainy months vary depending on where you are in Thailand: in south-western areas like Phuket, the monsoon season starts around April and finishes in October, while south-east destinations like Koh Samui see more rain between September and December (there’s still plenty of sunshine between showers, though). The hottest months are March to June, although humidity is high and average temperatures can push 40°C. Wait until after the rainy season if you prefer slightly cooler temperatures – between December and February, averages stick to the high 20s and early 30s.



Visa Information

British passport holders do not require a visa for stays of up to 30 days.



Tipping

Tipping is not expected in Thailand, although most hotels and restaurants will include a 10% service charge.



Introduction to languages


The official language of Thailand is Thai. English is widely spoken too.



Health

When travelling to Thailand, the following immunisations and tablets are recommended: hepatitis A, polio, typhoid and malaria. All routine immunisations should be up-to-date. Please contact your GP for more information.







Thai specialities


Thai food doesn’t need much of an introduction. It’s up there with the most popular cuisines in the world, thanks to vibrant flavours, spicy chillies and fresh ingredients. Similar to South-East Asian and Indian cuisine, classic Thai dishes include takeaway favourite Pad Thai, as well as fragrant red and green curries. Look out for
chim chum
, which comes in an earthenware pot with meat, vegetables, noodles, ginger and lemongrass.






Street food


Street food is popular in Thailand, and is generally cheap and delicious – not to mention authentic. You’ll come across the much-loved
som tam
on every corner; this classic street food dish is made from papaya mixed with shrimp paste, peanuts, tomatoes, and green beans. You’ll get to choose how many chillies you want, so don’t panic if you’re not a fan of the spicy stuff.






Food & Drink










Frequently Asked Questions











What power plugs and plug sockets are used in Thailand?







Thailand uses a variety of plug sockets. Types C and F are found across Europe, with two rounded pins. Types A and B are the same type as used in the USA. The standard voltage is 220V and the frequency is 50Hz.








Our pick of the top hotels in Thailand

Every one of our hotels is handpicked and personally visited by our team







Melati Beach Resort and Spa

Thailand, Koh Samui







Find out more









The Slate

Thailand, Phuket







Find out more









Rayavadee

Thailand, Krabi







Find out more









Anantara Bophut Koh Samui Resort

Thailand, Koh Samui







Find out more









Anantara Mai Khao Phuket Villas

Thailand, Phuket







Find out more









The Sarojin

Thailand, Khao Lak







Find out more







View all hotels in Thailand










What our customers think



We've been finding people their own slice of paradise for 45 years, and like to think we're pretty good at it.

Don't just take our word for it, though - see what our customers have said about their Sovereign experience..

Read customer reviews...









Call to book or speak to one of our Trusted Advisers
01293 762400*




The Sovereign Experience



About Us



Booking With Sovereign



Your Trusted Advisers



Airport Lounge Access



Your Holiday Is Protected





Already Booked?



Ways To Pay



Advance Passenger Information



FCO Travel Advice



Staying Safe Abroad



FAQs





Other



Terms and Policies



Privacy Policy



Our Family



Blog



Media enquiries and Press releases



Careers



Make-A-Wish







Award Winning Holidays from Sovereign












Connect with us



















Contact Us



Cookies Policy



Website Terms and Conditions



Agent login






Sovereign is a trading name of Specialist Holidays (Travel) Limited, which is part of the Travelopia Group of companies.
           Registered in England. Company Number: 446617. Registered Office: Origin One, 108 High Street, Crawley, West Sussex, RH10 1BD VAT Number: 252244234.





The Foreign Commonwealth Office and the NHS have up-to-date advice on staying safe and healthy abroad. For more on security, local laws, plus passport and visa information, see
https://travelaware.campaign.gov.uk/
. Keep informed of current travel health news by visiting
www.fitfortravel.nhs.uk
. For further information, please visit our "Travel Aware" information page at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/staying-safe-abroad/
.

Many of the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme but ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. Please see our booking conditions at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/
for information or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to:
http://www.caa.co.uk/atol-protection/
. We will provide you with financial protection for any package holidays you buy from us that do not include travel by air by way of a bond held by ABTA. For further information, visit the ABTA website at www.abta.com. If you book arrangements other than an ATOL protected flight or a package holiday, the financial protection referred to above does not apply. Our ATOL number is 0285 and our ABTA number is V4068.


*calls are charged at your provider's local or national rate.













Sign up for offers




Request a Quote




Request a Brochure













