
Luxury Sardinia Holidays 2018/2019 | Sovereign



















Sovereign's Cookie Policy

This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are consenting to cookies being used. For information on cookies please see our
Cookies Policy
.



I agree







Toggle navigation












All hotels visited and approved by us.
Call our Trusted Advisers on:


01293 762400*


Call us between 9am -  8pm











Home




Destinations




Recommended




Tenerife



Ibiza



Lanzarote



Santorini



Sardinia



Madeira



Cancun



Phuket






Europe




Greece



Spain & The Canary Islands



Portugal



Cyprus



Turkey



Croatia



Italy



Malta






Far East




Bali



Thailand



Hong Kong



Singapore






Caribbean & Mexico




Mexico



Dominican Republic



Antigua



Barbados



St Lucia



Jamaica






Indian Ocean




Maldives



Mauritius



Seychelles



Sri Lanka






The Middle East




Dubai



Oman



United Arab Emirates





North Africa



Morocco








Holiday Types







Five Star Holidays



Island Hopping



Cruise and Stay



Luxury Crewed Yacht Charter



Luxury Rail Travel



Weddings Abroad



Something Different









All Inclusive Holidays



Family Friendly Holidays



Adult Only Holidays



Couples Holidays



Luxury Honeymoons



Multi-Centre Holidays








Hotel Collections







Hotel With Villas



Hotels with Spas



Hotels With Swim Up Rooms



Hotels With Private Pools



Boutique Hotels



Paradores







Offers




Contact us







Contact Us



About Us



Your Trusted Advisers



Booking with Sovereign



Our Brochure









Home



Destinations



Holiday Types



Hotel Collections



Offers



Contact us





















Luxury Sardinia Holidays

White-sand beaches, historic towns and rural ruins









Home



Sovereign Holidays



Italy


Sardinia





Your Search Results





Sardinia


The king-sized Italian island of Sardinia is synonymous with beaches. Stretches of white sand that wouldn’t look out of place in the Caribbean edge the lengthy coastline, and it’s all paired with glass-clear waters.

Beaches change from north to south. Up top, you’ve got the secluded coves of the Maddalena Archipelago and the yacht-dotted bays along ritzy Costa Smeralda. Head south, and you’ll come across huge swathes of sand.

Get-up-and-goers will find plenty of towns, cities and sights to explore. Island capital Cagliari is home to museums, art galleries and markets. Alghero is another one to put on your to-see list – its Catalan heritage mixes Italian and Spanish culture. Meanwhile, the south coast town of Nora sits next to a peninsula packed with ruined Roman temples, villas and baths.

But Sardinia’s history reaches further back than Roman times; in fact, it’s got some of the best-preserved prehistoric remains in the world. These are called
nuraghi
– around 700 buildings that mark the centre of prehistoric farming communities.








Destinations in Sardinia









Chia

The southern village of Chia is for beach connoisseurs, thanks to a coastline that’s a smorgasbord of dune-backed sands, rocky coves, tower-topped headlands and seaside lagoons.



Find out more









Forte Village

The Forte Village Resort doesn’t do things by halves. It stars luxe villas, nine pools, a thalassotherapy spa, family-friendly academies, a go-kart track – and a beachside restaurant by Gordon Ramsay.



Find out more









Palau

The seaside town of Palau burrows into the craggy far north of Sardinia, where dramatic coves, quirky rock formations, and the wild Maddalena Archipelago sculpt the coastline.



Find out more









Santa Teresa Gallura

Santa Teresa Gallura is a bite-sized seaside town with a deep port on one side and a craggy coastline of beaches and headlands on the other.



Find out more









Search for your holiday here





Your Search Results





Things to do in Sardinia

Island-hop around the Maddalena archipelago

The Maddalena islands are scattered off the north-western coast and are only accessible by boat. This photo-perfect archipelago is made up of seven ‘big name’ islands, plus a handful of smaller ones. The islands boast some of the most gorgeous scenery in Sardinia – with plenty of boat trips available, they make a great day out.

Find out more





Things to do in Sardinia

People-watch in Porto Cervo

Porto Cervo, on the Costa Smeralda, is a people-watcher's paradise. The resort's luxury marina and yacht club, coupled with its designer boutiques and chic restaurants, makes it a favourite with the jet set. Don a pair of sunglasses and spend an afternoon sipping cocktails and spotting celebrities.


Find out more





Things to do in Sardinia

See Nora's archaeological treasures

The town of Nora is thought to have been the first settlement in Sardinia - some believe it was founded by the Phoenicians between the 8th and 9th centuries BC, while others think it dates back even further, to Nuragic times. Nowadays, you can see remains of ancient Roman temples, villas, baths and cobbled streets, as well as a theatre.

Find out more





Things to do in Sardinia

Seek out a secluded stretch of beach

A drive along the coast road will lead you past dozens of beautiful white-sand beaches. Pick your favourite, park up and spend a morning or afternoon sunbathing and swimming. If you’re a watersports fan, Su Giudeu beach near Chia will be up your street – it’s renowned for its whiter than white sands and the clear waters are prime snorkelling territory.


Find out more





Things to do in Sardinia

Take a trip to Chia

The south-coast town of Chia is home to one of Sardinia's most picturesque stretches of coast, which includes Baia Chia, a sweeping sandy bay. You can get a dose of history here, too - the remains of the ancient Phoenician settlement of Bithia sit next door to the beach.

Find out more





Things to do in Sardinia

Visit Santa Teresa Gallura

Santa Teresa Gallura is home to an array of beaches – the lively Rena Bianca, which hosts festivals and concerts during the summer months; two Blue Flag numbers; and a handful of quieter coves just waiting to be explored.

Find out more









Typical Costs





Bottle of beer

€4-6






Bus return

€1. 50






Cup of coffee

€2






Glass of wine

€4-6






Main course

€8-16






Small souvenir

€5







Flight Information

Flight time from the UK to Sardinia is around 2 hours 30 minutes.



When to go

Sardinia is a great summer destination, with temperatures reaching their highest (around 30 degrees) in July and August. Temperatures in spring and autumn typically stay in the early 20s and visitors at this time of year are generally fewer, so it’s ideal if you want to avoid the crowds and do some exploring.



Visa Information

British citizens do not currently require a visa to visit Italy.



Tipping

When you dine out in Italy, you will generally be charged a coperto (cover charge), which is for the bread, tablecloth, cutlery, etc. Tipping in Italy is not customary, but is always appreciated.



Introduction to languages

The official language of Italy is Italian. English is widely spoken too, so getting by is easy.








Sardinia Specialities

It’ll be no surprise that seafood also features prominently on menus in Sardinia. Expect lobster, clams, squid, anchovies – you name it, it’ll likely be on a menu. Other popular foods include bread, olives, salami and Malloreddus (local pasta made from saffron and semolina). Special occasion? Try spit-roasted suckling pig, a Sardinian favourite. Like in a lot of Italy, recipes here tend to have been passed down from generation to generation, so make sure you visit a local taverna or two to sample a few dishes.





Food & Drink





Our pick of the top hotels in Sardinia

Every one of our hotels is handpicked and personally visited by our team







Capo D'Orso Thalasso & Spa

Sardinia, Palau







Find out more









Chia Laguna Resort

Sardinia, Chia







Find out more









Hotel Bouganville

Sardinia, Forte Village







Find out more









Hotel Castello

Sardinia, Forte Village







Find out more









Le Palme

Sardinia, Forte Village







Find out more









Pineta

Sardinia, Forte Village







Find out more







View all hotels in Sardinia










What our customers think



We've been finding people their own slice of paradise for 45 years, and like to think we're pretty good at it.

Don't just take our word for it, though - see what our customers have said about their Sovereign experience..

Read customer reviews...









Call to book or speak to one of our Trusted Advisers
01293 762400*




The Sovereign Experience



About Us



Booking With Sovereign



Your Trusted Advisers



Airport Lounge Access



Your Holiday Is Protected





Already Booked?



Ways To Pay



Advance Passenger Information



FCO Travel Advice



Staying Safe Abroad



FAQs





Other



Terms and Policies



Privacy Policy



Our Family



Blog



Media enquiries and Press releases



Careers



Make-A-Wish







Award Winning Holidays from Sovereign












Connect with us



















Contact Us



Cookies Policy



Website Terms and Conditions



Agent login






Sovereign is a trading name of Specialist Holidays (Travel) Limited, which is part of the Travelopia Group of companies.
           Registered in England. Company Number: 446617. Registered Office: Origin One, 108 High Street, Crawley, West Sussex, RH10 1BD VAT Number: 252244234.





The Foreign Commonwealth Office and the NHS have up-to-date advice on staying safe and healthy abroad. For more on security, local laws, plus passport and visa information, see
https://travelaware.campaign.gov.uk/
. Keep informed of current travel health news by visiting
www.fitfortravel.nhs.uk
. For further information, please visit our "Travel Aware" information page at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/staying-safe-abroad/
.

Many of the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme but ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. Please see our booking conditions at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/
for information or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to:
http://www.caa.co.uk/atol-protection/
. We will provide you with financial protection for any package holidays you buy from us that do not include travel by air by way of a bond held by ABTA. For further information, visit the ABTA website at www.abta.com. If you book arrangements other than an ATOL protected flight or a package holiday, the financial protection referred to above does not apply. Our ATOL number is 0285 and our ABTA number is V4068.


*calls are charged at your provider's local or national rate.













Sign up for offers




Request a Quote




Request a Brochure













