
Luxury Holiday Types and Collections 2018/2019 | Sovereign



















Sovereign's Cookie Policy

This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are consenting to cookies being used. For information on cookies please see our
Cookies Policy
.



I agree







Toggle navigation












All hotels visited and approved by us.
Call our Trusted Advisers on:


01293 762400*


Call us between 9am -  8pm











Home




Destinations




Recommended




Tenerife



Ibiza



Lanzarote



Santorini



Sardinia



Madeira



Cancun



Phuket






Europe




Greece



Spain & The Canary Islands



Portugal



Cyprus



Turkey



Croatia



Italy



Malta






Far East




Bali



Thailand



Hong Kong



Singapore






Caribbean & Mexico




Mexico



Dominican Republic



Antigua



Barbados



St Lucia



Jamaica






Indian Ocean




Maldives



Mauritius



Seychelles



Sri Lanka






The Middle East




Dubai



Oman



United Arab Emirates





North Africa



Morocco








Holiday Types







Five Star Holidays



Island Hopping



Cruise and Stay



Luxury Crewed Yacht Charter



Luxury Rail Travel



Weddings Abroad



Something Different









All Inclusive Holidays



Family Friendly Holidays



Adult Only Holidays



Couples Holidays



Luxury Honeymoons



Multi-Centre Holidays








Hotel Collections







Hotel With Villas



Hotels with Spas



Hotels With Swim Up Rooms



Hotels With Private Pools



Boutique Hotels



Paradores







Offers




Contact us







Contact Us



About Us



Your Trusted Advisers



Booking with Sovereign



Our Brochure









Home



Destinations



Holiday Types



Hotel Collections



Offers



Contact us





















Luxury Holiday Types











Home


Luxury Holiday Types










We know that one size doesn't fit all when it comes to holidays, so we've designed a series of collections that'll help you find the ones that suit you – whether that's romantic retreat just for adults, a family-friendly pad with activities for all ages, a luxury rail journey, or even a private yacht charter to take you around the Bay of Naples.











Adult-only Holidays


If you’re after a more grown-up kind of getaway, take a look at our collection of hotels exclusively for adults.




Find Out More








Luxury Family Holidays


Family holidays are something we take seriously. We’ll help you find the right one for you (and make sure you’ve got everything you need when you’re there).




Find Out More








Multi-centre Holidays


We can customise all of our holidays, so why stop at just one destination? Take a look at our multi-centre holidays for inspiration…




Find Out More











Hotels with Villas


Enjoy all the space and flexibility of a villa, with the added benefit of hotel bars, restaurants, pools and activities right on the doorstep




Find Out More








All Inclusive Holidays


All inclusive holidays are hassle-free and fantastic value for money. If you’re looking to go all in, we’ve handpicked some of the best hotels.




Find Out More










Something Different


Looking for something a little unusual? These hotels are a break away from the norm – think luxe treehouses, five-star desert tents and quirky ‘bubble hotels’.




Find out more










Boutique Hotels


Small but perfectly formed, our boutique collection is perfect for those who prefer a more intimate holiday experience.




Find Out More








Luxury Rail Travel


It’s all about old-fashioned elegance and glamour with our luxury rail journeys. Travel to romantic Venice or through the palms and plantations of Southeast Asia.




Find Out More








Crewed Yacht Charter Holidays


Explore the islands off Greece, Italy or Croatia in your own luxury crewed yacht, dropping anchor whenever you fancy.




Find Out More











Weddings Abroad


Plan your perfect wedding abroad, whether that’s a white-sand beach in the Caribbean or a sea-view chapel on a Greek island.




Find Out More








Luxury Honeymoons


If ever there’s a time to treat yourself, it’s your honeymoon – prepare yourself for luxe suites, candlelit meals and breakfasts in bed.




Find Out More










Luxury Cruises


High-end ships, specialist itineraries and second-to-none service – welcome to the world of luxury cruising.




Find out more










Couples Holidays


Heading away with your other half? Our couples’ holidays are ideal if you’re after a romantic break.




Find Out More








Island-hopping Holidays


From skipping around the Cyclades to pairing two Canary Islands, we can create a bespoke island-hopping itinerary for you.




Find Out More








Paradores


Step back in time with a stay at one of these historic Spanish hotels. Can’t decide which one? We’ll design a road trip itinerary to tick off a few.




Find Out More











Hotels With Private Pools


Prefer your own pool for early-morning or late-night dips? These hotels all line up rooms, suites or villas with private pools.




Find Out More








Hotels with swim-up rooms


Opt for a swim-up room and you’ll be just a few steps from the water. Tempted? Take a look at our collection and pick your favourite.




Find Out More








Five-star Holidays


From palatial retreats to boutique hideaways, we've carefully selected each of our five-star hotels, making sure they meet our exacting standards, down to the finest detail.




Find Out More















What our customers think



We've been finding people their own slice of paradise for 45 years, and like to think we're pretty good at it.

Don't just take our word for it, though - see what our customers have said about their Sovereign experience..

Read customer reviews...









Call to book or speak to one of our Trusted Advisers
01293 762400*




The Sovereign Experience



About Us



Booking With Sovereign



Your Trusted Advisers



Airport Lounge Access



Your Holiday Is Protected





Already Booked?



Ways To Pay



Advance Passenger Information



FCO Travel Advice



Staying Safe Abroad



FAQs





Other



Terms and Policies



Privacy Policy



Our Family



Blog



Media enquiries and Press releases



Careers



Make-A-Wish







Award Winning Holidays from Sovereign












Connect with us



















Contact Us



Cookies Policy



Website Terms and Conditions



Agent login






Sovereign is a trading name of Specialist Holidays (Travel) Limited, which is part of the Travelopia Group of companies.
           Registered in England. Company Number: 446617. Registered Office: Origin One, 108 High Street, Crawley, West Sussex, RH10 1BD VAT Number: 252244234.





The Foreign Commonwealth Office and the NHS have up-to-date advice on staying safe and healthy abroad. For more on security, local laws, plus passport and visa information, see
https://travelaware.campaign.gov.uk/
. Keep informed of current travel health news by visiting
www.fitfortravel.nhs.uk
. For further information, please visit our "Travel Aware" information page at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/staying-safe-abroad/
.

Many of the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme but ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. Please see our booking conditions at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/
for information or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to:
http://www.caa.co.uk/atol-protection/
. We will provide you with financial protection for any package holidays you buy from us that do not include travel by air by way of a bond held by ABTA. For further information, visit the ABTA website at www.abta.com. If you book arrangements other than an ATOL protected flight or a package holiday, the financial protection referred to above does not apply. Our ATOL number is 0285 and our ABTA number is V4068.


*calls are charged at your provider's local or national rate.













Sign up for offers




Request a Quote




Request a Brochure













