
Luxury Dominican Republic Holidays 2018/2019 | Sovereign



















Sovereign's Cookie Policy

This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are consenting to cookies being used. For information on cookies please see our
Cookies Policy
.



I agree







Toggle navigation












All hotels visited and approved by us.
Call our Trusted Advisers on:


01293 762400*


Call us between 9am -  8pm











Home




Destinations




Recommended




Tenerife



Ibiza



Lanzarote



Santorini



Sardinia



Madeira



Cancun



Phuket






Europe




Greece



Spain & The Canary Islands



Portugal



Cyprus



Turkey



Croatia



Italy



Malta






Far East




Bali



Thailand



Hong Kong



Singapore






Caribbean & Mexico




Mexico



Dominican Republic



Antigua



Barbados



St Lucia



Jamaica






Indian Ocean




Maldives



Mauritius



Seychelles



Sri Lanka






The Middle East




Dubai



Oman



United Arab Emirates





North Africa



Morocco








Holiday Types







Five Star Holidays



Island Hopping



Cruise and Stay



Luxury Crewed Yacht Charter



Luxury Rail Travel



Weddings Abroad



Something Different









All Inclusive Holidays



Family Friendly Holidays



Adult Only Holidays



Couples Holidays



Luxury Honeymoons



Multi-Centre Holidays








Hotel Collections







Hotel With Villas



Hotels with Spas



Hotels With Swim Up Rooms



Hotels With Private Pools



Boutique Hotels



Paradores







Offers




Contact us







Contact Us



About Us



Your Trusted Advisers



Booking with Sovereign



Our Brochure









Home



Destinations



Holiday Types



Hotel Collections



Offers



Contact us





















Luxury Dominican Republic Holidays

Caribbean cool; Latin American charm









Home



Sovereign Holidays


Dominican Republic





Your Search Results





Dominican Republic

Columbus declared the Dominican Republic to be 'the fairest land under heaven'. Once you clock its dreamy beaches and tropical forests, you'll understand what he was talking about. The flour-white beaches roll on for miles, while the warm waters teem with colourful creatures – ideal for snorkelling and scuba diving.

There's plenty to keep you busy here. Skim across the waves on a catamaran, head out on a whale watching trip (humpbacks cruise the waters of Samana Bay), or play a round at one of the island's top-notch golf courses. Further inland, the landscape becomes a patchwork of forested mountains, waterfalls and rolling countryside. Take a trip to one of the national parks, or tackle the Rio Yaque del Norte in a white-water raft.

Save time for a day trip to the historic city of Santo Domingo, said to be the first city Columbus established in the New World. Its old quarter's cobbled streets are filled with colonial churches and buildings, and you'll hear the infectious sounds of merengue music drifting from lively backstreet bars.











Reshmi Burgess

Beautiful Caribbean beaches coupled with Atlantic surf make the Dominican Republic a great destination for families and more adventurous visitors.


Find Out More









Destinations in Dominican Republic









Playa Bayahibe

Playa Bayahibe is a south-easterly fishing village turned beach resort. It’s easy to spot, thanks to the zebra-stripe lighthouse that signals the start of a long beach and bar-dotted harbour.



Find out more









Punta Cana

Punta Cana settles on the very eastern tip of the Dominican Republic. It’s the poster child for luxury Caribbean holidays – think pale sands, palatial hotels, coconut palms and private marinas.



Find out more









Uvero Alto

Uvero Alto is the laid-back northern district of Punta Cana. The hotels really spread out up here, so there’s plenty of elbow room for plush beach cabanas and honeymoon-friendly restaurants.



Find out more









Search for your holiday here





Your Search Results





Things to do in the Dominican Republic

Explore Santo Domingo

You’ll experience the Dominican Republic’s infectiously laid-back Caribbean charm, as well as its European heritage and American influences in capital city Santo Domingo. Head to the Ciudad Colonial (AKA Zona Colonial) to check out colonial architecture. Must-sees like the grand Alcazar de Colon mansion, the National Pantheon of the Dominican Republic and the Cathedral of Santa Maria la Menor all pile in to this UNESCO World Heritage Site.

In February, the seafront promenade called the Malecon is filled with music, colour and costumes for Carnival.

Find out more





Things to do in the Dominican Republic

Scuba dive with sea turtles

The Caribbean Sea around the Dominican Republic is teeming with life. Snorkellers and scuba divers glide over coral reefs and shipwrecks that reel in dozens of species of tropical fish, as well as leatherback, loggerhead, hawksbill and green turtles. The endangered West Indian manatee can sometimes be seen grazing on aquatic plants, while the north coast is prime breeding territory for humpback whales. Mid-January to mid-March is the best time for whale-watching; lots of boat trips set off from around Punta Cana.

Find out more





Things to do in the Dominican Republic

Tee off at a pro-designed golf course

The sunshine and scenery in the Dominican Republic make it a prime spot for a round of golf. Try the Roco Ki course in Punta Cana. Nick Faldo had a hand in its design, so ingenious greens decorate everything from sea-view headlands to tropical mangroves. The Hard Rock Hotel Punta Cana also has a top course designed by legendary golfer Jack Nicklaus.

It’s an 18-hole championship course suitable for every level of experience – whether you’re a seasoned pro or a newbie.

Find out more










Flight Information

Flight time from the UK to the Dominican Republic is around 8 hours 30 minutes.



When to go

The Dominican Republic benefits from a year-round tropical climate. The driest months on the island are December through to April, when average highs are around toasty 29 degrees. May through to November are the hottest months, with highs in the low 30s, however with the heat comes rainfall - rain storms do pass quickly, however.



Visa Information

British citizens will require a tourist card (US$10) – you can get these on arrival at the airport.



Tipping

Most hotels and restaurants add a 10% service charge to the bill. Taxi drivers will expect 10% of the total fare.



Introduction to languages


The official language of Dominican Republic is Spanish. English is widely spoken around the resorts of Playa Bayahibe, Punta Cana and Uvero Alto, too.



Health

Hepatitis A, Polio and Typhoid vaccinations are recommended. Please speak to your GP for more information.









Dominican Republic specialities

Packed with local produce and Spanish, African and Latin American influences, the Dominican Republic loves its comfort food. Rice and beans are national staples, along with plantains, tomatoes, mangoes, passion fruits and papayas. Meals are often flavoured with sofrito, a wet rub of peppers, onions, garlic, oregano, vinegar, tomato and coriander.





From la bandera to chimichurris


A must-try dish is la bandera - a hearty dish made with meat, beans, white rice and fried plantain. Chicharrones de pollo is the Dominican Republic’s version of fried chicken. Small pieces of chicken are seasoned with lemon juice and soy sauce, then deep fried. The busy street food scene offers quick eats like plantain fritters, chimichurris (the Dominican hamburger) and empanadas (folded, fried pastries stuffed with savoury fillings).






Rum, beer and coffee


Quench your thirst Dominican-style with an ice-cold local Presidente beer, freshly squeezed orange juice or coconut milk from a beachfront stall. Local rums like Brugal and Bermudez are inexpensive and very good, especially mixed with Coke to make a Cuba Libre. Dominican coffee is excellent, grown in the Cordillera Central mountain range and exported around the world.






Food & Drink





Our pick of the top hotels in the Dominican Republic

Every one of our hotels is handpicked and personally visited by our team







Dreams La Romana

Dominican Republic, Playa Bayahibe







Find out more









Dreams Palm Beach

Dominican Republic, Punta Cana







Find out more









Excellence El Carmen

Dominican Republic, Uvero Alto







Find out more









Excellence Punta Cana

Dominican Republic, Uvero Alto







Find out more









Hard Rock Hotel & Casino

Dominican Republic, Punta Cana







Find out more









Secrets Royal Beach Punta Cana

Dominican Republic, Punta Cana







Find out more







View all hotels in the Dominican Republic










What our customers think



We've been finding people their own slice of paradise for 45 years, and like to think we're pretty good at it.

Don't just take our word for it, though - see what our customers have said about their Sovereign experience..

Read customer reviews...









Call to book or speak to one of our Trusted Advisers
01293 762400*




The Sovereign Experience



About Us



Booking With Sovereign



Your Trusted Advisers



Airport Lounge Access



Your Holiday Is Protected





Already Booked?



Ways To Pay



Advance Passenger Information



FCO Travel Advice



Staying Safe Abroad



FAQs





Other



Terms and Policies



Privacy Policy



Our Family



Blog



Media enquiries and Press releases



Careers



Make-A-Wish







Award Winning Holidays from Sovereign












Connect with us



















Contact Us



Cookies Policy



Website Terms and Conditions



Agent login






Sovereign is a trading name of Specialist Holidays (Travel) Limited, which is part of the Travelopia Group of companies.
           Registered in England. Company Number: 446617. Registered Office: Origin One, 108 High Street, Crawley, West Sussex, RH10 1BD VAT Number: 252244234.





The Foreign Commonwealth Office and the NHS have up-to-date advice on staying safe and healthy abroad. For more on security, local laws, plus passport and visa information, see
https://travelaware.campaign.gov.uk/
. Keep informed of current travel health news by visiting
www.fitfortravel.nhs.uk
. For further information, please visit our "Travel Aware" information page at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/staying-safe-abroad/
.

Many of the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme but ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. Please see our booking conditions at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/
for information or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to:
http://www.caa.co.uk/atol-protection/
. We will provide you with financial protection for any package holidays you buy from us that do not include travel by air by way of a bond held by ABTA. For further information, visit the ABTA website at www.abta.com. If you book arrangements other than an ATOL protected flight or a package holiday, the financial protection referred to above does not apply. Our ATOL number is 0285 and our ABTA number is V4068.


*calls are charged at your provider's local or national rate.













Sign up for offers




Request a Quote




Request a Brochure













