
Luxury Morocco Holidays 2018/2019 | Sovereign



















Sovereign's Cookie Policy

This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website you are consenting to cookies being used. For information on cookies please see our
Cookies Policy
.



I agree







Toggle navigation












All hotels visited and approved by us.
Call our Trusted Advisers on:


01293 762400*


Call us between 9am -  8pm











Home




Destinations




Recommended




Tenerife



Ibiza



Lanzarote



Santorini



Sardinia



Madeira



Cancun



Phuket






Europe




Greece



Spain & The Canary Islands



Portugal



Cyprus



Turkey



Croatia



Italy



Malta






Far East




Bali



Thailand



Hong Kong



Singapore






Caribbean & Mexico




Mexico



Dominican Republic



Antigua



Barbados



St Lucia



Jamaica






Indian Ocean




Maldives



Mauritius



Seychelles



Sri Lanka






The Middle East




Dubai



Oman



United Arab Emirates





North Africa



Morocco








Holiday Types







Five Star Holidays



Island Hopping



Cruise and Stay



Luxury Crewed Yacht Charter



Luxury Rail Travel



Weddings Abroad



Something Different









All Inclusive Holidays



Family Friendly Holidays



Adult Only Holidays



Couples Holidays



Luxury Honeymoons



Multi-Centre Holidays








Hotel Collections







Hotel With Villas



Hotels with Spas



Hotels With Swim Up Rooms



Hotels With Private Pools



Boutique Hotels



Paradores







Offers




Contact us







Contact Us



About Us



Your Trusted Advisers



Booking with Sovereign



Our Brochure









Home



Destinations



Holiday Types



Hotel Collections



Offers



Contact us





















Luxury Morocco Holidays

Souks and sands









Home



Sovereign Holidays


Morocco





Your Search Results





Morocco

Distant oases, soaring mountains, spice-laden souks and ancient minarets piercing cornflower-blue skies: welcome to Morocco. Just a few hours' flight from the UK, Morocco is a fusion of Arabia and Africa, and lines up everything from desert scenery and vast golden beaches to bohemian seaside towns and buzzing cities.

The rose-red city of Marrakech (so called due to the terracotta hue of its walls and houses) is the premier city destination. Winston Churchill came here to paint back in the 1930s and 1940s, while fashion legend Yves Saint Laurent came to restore the exquisite Majorelle Gardens, an oasis of palms, pools and cacti, complemented by walls and pots painted in bright 'Majorelle Blue'.

The city's main square
–
Djemaa el-Fna
–
is a hub of activity, particularly in the evenings when you'll find sizzling street food stalls and fresh orange juice stands, plus snake charmers, acrobats, musicians and fire eaters entertaining crowds of locals and visitors. Just off the square is the entrance to the souks, a warren-like maze of alleyways lined with shops hawking Berber carpets, leather footstalls, silver lanterns and beaded slippers.

When the heat of the city gets too much, escape to the cool slopes of the snow-capped High Atlas Mountains, or retreat to the coast. Agadir is home to an enormous swathe of golden sand, as well as a traditional souk and medina, while laid-back Essaouira features whitewashed, blue-shuttered houses, a breezy beach, and a marina lined with seafood stalls.









Destinations in Morocco









Agadir

Agadir is a modern city that sprawls out along the south-west coast of Morocco, where a sandy bay and golf courses sweep up towards the snow-dusted Atlas Mountains.



Find out more









Marrakech

Marrakech is a rose-tinted city in central Morocco. It’s an irresistible mix of rich imagery – expect mosaicked mosques, royal orange orchards, smoky souks, riad restaurants and timeworn backstreets.



Find out more









Things to do in Morocco

Haggle for spices in the souks

Marrakech has the biggest pick of markets. Handmade clothes include silk skirts and tailored shirts, and you’ll be tripping over leather satchels and handbags.

Meanwhile, Argan oil is plentiful – and cheap – in Agadir. You can use the nutty oil as a miracle hair tonic or drizzle it over desserts. Spices and tea also perfume the souks, while nuts and dates make great take-away treats. You can match them with bright hand-painted bowls or an intricately decorated silver tea tray.

Find out more










Flight Information

Morocco is around 3 hours 30 minutes from the UK.



When to go

There are no two ways about it: Morocco is a scorcher. Summers can get up to 40°C in July and August, although in coastal areas like Agadir, you’ve got the sea breeze taking the edge off. The heat is more tolerable in spring and autumn, when averages hover in the mid-20s. Remember to pack a jacket, though – things can cool down rapidly once the sun goes down.



Visa Information

Visas are not required for UK citizens travelling to Morocco.



Tipping

There are no specific rules for tipping in Morocco. An upmarket restaurant may add on a service charge, so check your bill carefully. Otherwise, aim to leave around 10%. In taxis, it’s acceptable to just round up the fare. It’s a good idea to have some small change on you for paying taxis and tipping guides.



Introduction to languages

The official language of Morocco is Arabic. English is widely spoken too, so getting by is easy.








Morocco specialities

With Arabic, West African and Mediterranean influences, Morocco’s distinctive cuisine is popular far beyond its borders. Herbs and spices are used extensively, as well as an abundance of olives, oranges and lemons. The best-known local dishes include tagine: a slow-cooked stew traditionally made from lamb, olives and tomatoes, plus dried fruit and herbs. Cous cous is another favourite; it's a staple of Moroccan and North African cooking.







Moroccan tea


The drinking and preparing of tea is an art form in Morocco. Maghrebi mint tea (green tea mixed with mint leaves and sweetened with sugar) is served to guests as a sign of hospitality, and it is considered impolite to refuse it.






Food & Drink










Frequently Asked Questions











What power plugs and sockets are used in Morocco?







Morocco uses the same type of power plugs often seen on the continent, the two round pins of Type C, and also type E, which is almost the same but for an extra pin on the socket. The voltage is 220V, and the frequency 50 Hz.








Can you drink alcohol in Morocco?







Drinking alcohol is forbidden in Islam, but the situation is a little different in tourist hotspots. Resorts, restaurants and larger stores all stock and serve alcohol.








Our pick of the top hotels in Morocco

Every one of our hotels is handpicked and personally visited by our team







Four Seasons Marrakech

Morocco, Marrakech







Find out more









Les Jardins de la Medina

Morocco, Marrakech







Find out more









Sofitel Agadir Royal Bay Resort

Morocco, Agadir







Find out more










View all hotels in Morocco













What our customers think



We've been finding people their own slice of paradise for 45 years, and like to think we're pretty good at it.

Don't just take our word for it, though - see what our customers have said about their Sovereign experience..

Read customer reviews...









Call to book or speak to one of our Trusted Advisers
01293 762400*




The Sovereign Experience



About Us



Booking With Sovereign



Your Trusted Advisers



Airport Lounge Access



Your Holiday Is Protected





Already Booked?



Ways To Pay



Advance Passenger Information



FCO Travel Advice



Staying Safe Abroad



FAQs





Other



Terms and Policies



Privacy Policy



Our Family



Blog



Media enquiries and Press releases



Careers



Make-A-Wish







Award Winning Holidays from Sovereign












Connect with us



















Contact Us



Cookies Policy



Website Terms and Conditions



Agent login






Sovereign is a trading name of Specialist Holidays (Travel) Limited, which is part of the Travelopia Group of companies.
           Registered in England. Company Number: 446617. Registered Office: Origin One, 108 High Street, Crawley, West Sussex, RH10 1BD VAT Number: 252244234.





The Foreign Commonwealth Office and the NHS have up-to-date advice on staying safe and healthy abroad. For more on security, local laws, plus passport and visa information, see
https://travelaware.campaign.gov.uk/
. Keep informed of current travel health news by visiting
www.fitfortravel.nhs.uk
. For further information, please visit our "Travel Aware" information page at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/staying-safe-abroad/
.

Many of the flights and flight-inclusive holidays on this website are financially protected by the ATOL scheme but ATOL protection does not apply to all holiday and travel services listed. Please ask us to confirm what protection may apply to your booking. If you do not receive an ATOL Certificate then the booking will not be ATOL protected. If you do receive an ATOL Certificate but all the parts of your trip are not listed on it, those parts will not be ATOL protected. Please see our booking conditions at
https://www.sovereign.com/about/terms-and-policies/
for information or for more information about financial protection and the ATOL Certificate go to:
http://www.caa.co.uk/atol-protection/
. We will provide you with financial protection for any package holidays you buy from us that do not include travel by air by way of a bond held by ABTA. For further information, visit the ABTA website at www.abta.com. If you book arrangements other than an ATOL protected flight or a package holiday, the financial protection referred to above does not apply. Our ATOL number is 0285 and our ABTA number is V4068.


*calls are charged at your provider's local or national rate.













Sign up for offers




Request a Quote




Request a Brochure













