

Privacy Statement | Basel





































A new restaurant, hotel opening or a top event
– we send you insider tips from Basel every month.

Sign up now










Leisure

Meeting






en



Deutsch

English

Français

Italiano

Español





We have a more appropriate site for you
:



I already use my favourite portal



contact +41 61 268 68 68




menu






Menü


search


wishlist




basket











contact

+41 61 268 68 68





Discover Basel




Basel is an inspiration


Subnavigation öffnen




Christmas in Basel



Basel in 24h



Basel in 48h



Basel in 72h



Basel for connoisseurs



Portrait of Basel



Basel for families





Art & Culture


Subnavigation öffnen




All Museums



Art & Design Special



Theatre



Galleries



Music & Literature



Urban Art



Top 10 works of art





Sightseeing


Subnavigation öffnen




All sights



Basel Old Town



Modern architecture



Art in public spaces



Attractions in the region



Fortresses & castles





Citytours


Subnavigation öffnen




All public guided tours



Tour of the old town



Basel City Tour Bus



Basel in the spotlight



All guided tours for groups





Eating & Going out


Subnavigation öffnen




All restaurants



Vegetarian delicacies



Going out & dancing



Brunch



Basel specialities





Leisure & Excursions


Subnavigation öffnen




Basel City Quiz



City excursions



Excursions in Basel and the region



Activities for families



Zoo Basel



Relaxation



When it rains in Basel



Basel on a Sunday



360° Basel





Events



Shopping


Subnavigation öffnen




All the shops



Shop with a local



Boutiques



Watches & jewellery



Young designers



Markets







Plan a trip




Getting there & exploring the City


Subnavigation öffnen




Exploring the City



Getting there



Location





Stay overnight


Subnavigation öffnen




Hotels



Bed & Breakfasts



Hostels



Apartment



Accommodation Agencies



Best Price





Packages



Tourist Services


Subnavigation öffnen




Tourist Information SBB train station



Tourist Information at Barfüsserplatz



Museum Pass



Newsletter



Order brochures





Group Activities


Subnavigation öffnen




All activities for groups



Up to 2 hours



Up to 4 hours



Up to 8 hours



Make your own chocolate



Request group activities





Good to know


Subnavigation öffnen




History



Climate



Trade fair city



Commerce and industry



Figures



Politics





Map



BaselCard


Subnavigation öffnen




BaselCard 24h



BaselCard 48h



Attractions with the BaselCard



Guided tours with the BaselCard







Basel today





All events














Stadt- und Gruppenführungen


Book online now!






Weather & Webcam













« back




Home

Privacy Statement









Facebook




Twitter




Google Plus




LinkedIn




E-Mail



WhatsApp










Add to clipboard



Merkliste zeigen








Privacy Statement






Important legal information
Please read the following conditions carefully before continuing. Persons who log on to the Basel.com website of Basel Tourism signify their agreement to the following conditions.

Copyright and trademark rights
The entire content of the Basel.com website is copyright protected. All rights are owned by Basel Tourism or third parties. The elements contained on the Basel.com website are freely accessible for browsing purposes only. Duplication of this material, or parts thereof, in any written or electronic form is permitted only with a specific mention of Basel.com. Reproduction, transfer, amendment, linking or use of the Basel.com website for public or commercial purposes is prohibited without the prior written consent of Basel Tourism.
The various names and logos appearing on the Basel.com site are generally registered and protected trademarks. No part of the Basel.com is designed in such a way as to grant a licence or right to utilise a picture, registered mark or logo. Downloading or copying the Basel.com website or parts thereof, confers no rights whatsoever in respect of the software or elements of the Basel.com website. Basel Tourism reserves all rights in respect of all elements of the Basel.com website with the exception of rights belonging to third parties.

No warranty
Although Basel Tourism has taken all possible care to safeguard the reliability of the information contained on the Basel.com website at the time of its publication, neither Basel Tourism nor its contracting partners can give any explicit or implicit assurance or warranty (including to third parties) in respect of the accuracy, reliability or completeness of the information on Basel.com. Opinions and other information contained on the Basel.com website may be changed at any time without prior notice.
Basel Tourism accepts no responsibility and gives no guarantee to the effect that the functions on Basel.com website will not be interrupted or that the Basel.com website or the relevant server is or are free from viruses or other harmful contents.

Limitation of liability
All liability of Basel Tourism (including liability for negligence) for direct, indirect or secondary damage suffered as a result of access to the elements of the Basel.com website or to use of that site or as a consequence of impossibility of access to or use thereof or links to other websites, is hereby declined.

Links to other websites
The Basel.com website contains links to websites operated by third parties which might be of interest to you. When activating these links you might leave the Basel.com website or summaries of third-party websites may be displayed within the context of the Basel.com website. Basel Tourism has not carried out any checks whatsoever on the websites of third parties accessible via links on the Basel.com website and is in no way responsible for their content or effective operation. This applies regardless of whether when activating the link you leave the Basel.com website or the display appears within the context of the Basel.com website, as well as if in the latter case the information provider of an external website is not immediately obvious. Establishing the link or consulting websites operated by third parties is at the sole risk and peril of the user.

Data protection
Basel Tourism attaches great importance to data protection. As a visitor to the Basel.com website, you decide which personal data you are willing to disclose to us. However, we wish to call your attention to the fact that by visiting our website and reading the Newsletter you automatically provide us with information which enables us to determine how visitors use our website and Newsletter and which information and offers meet with particular interest. If you register personally or make bookings via our website or request information material or other services, we require personal information about you, such as your name and address. To the extent that such services are provided by third parties, we will pass your data on to the service providers concerned; by giving us your particulars, you automatically authorize us to do so. Otherwise we will treat your personal data in confidence and only process it ourselves or release it to third parties in an anonymized form. Such third parties may also be located abroad. Data processing by ourselves or by third parties is performed solely for the purpose of giving individual information to our customers – save where it is used to provide services requested by you – and is designed to meet their interests and needs and also used for statistical and marketing purposes for ourselves and for tourism service providers in Switzerland. Data processing is intended to enable us to design our website and our own service offering to meet the needs of users. However, data processing is also effected, in particular, for market analysis and to ascertain interest in the wide-ranging tourist service offering in Switzerland thereby enabling us to reach conclusions as to the design of this tourist service offering in an appropriate way to satisfy needs and to enable Swiss tourist businesses to benefit from this knowledge. Any other use of your personal particulars, in particular their sale to third parties, is expressly excluded. As a registered customer you can ask us to provide information on the content of your customer data held by us.

Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; "Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on their browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

Google Remarketing
This website uses Google Remarketing technology provided by Google, Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; "Google"). Remarketing addresses users who have already visited our website and indicated an interest in our offerings to be targeted with specific advertising as a part of the Google Partner network. These ads are inserted with the help of cookies. These are small text files that are stored on the user's computer. These text files help to analyse user behaviour when visiting our website and will then be subsequently used to direct advertising and product recommendations to the user based on his or her interests. The data about user behaviour will not be disclosed to third parties. Personal data, such as your email address, telephone number, credit card number, etc. will not be collected, processed or stored. If you prefer not to receive advertising based on your interest, you can deactivate Google's use of cookies for this purpose by browsing the
deactivation site
of the network advertising initiative. Alternatively, users can deactivate the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on their browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

Cookies
Cookies are small data elements which a website may send your browser to give you better support when using database-assisted systems. However, you can set your browser in such a way that it informs you when you receive a cookie or automatically declines to accept it. You can therefore decide for yourself whether or not you wish to accept. However, non-acceptance of a cookie means that you cannot set up a personal account with Basel.com or make online hotel bookings.

Your registration (my account)
To access Basel.com databases, you do not in principle need a personal account. However, such an account does bring a number of advantages, especially if you visit the Basel.com website frequently. To open an account, we need your email address when you register and a password freely chosen by you.

Transmission of our e-newsletter and emails
Basel Tourism sends out info newsletters containing further information, e.g. on updated websites or special offers by email. If you register for this service, we wish to call your attention to the fact that the emails are generally transmitted in non-encrypted form with the attendant risk that such data may be intercepted and read by third parties.

Opt Out Policy
You may de-subscribe from the Basel.com newsletter at any time. Each newsletter contains a direct link which enables you to de-subscribe easily and automatically.

General
This page was last amended in July 2017. If you have any questions or remarks about our legal indications or data protection, please contact us at info@basel.com.












Plan your trip




Accommodation




Packages




BaselCard




City Tours




Map




Exploring the City














Subscribe to our Newsletter







subscribe










© 2017
Basel Tourismus


Weather & Webcam

Meeting

Travel Trade

Media

About us

Newsletter

Brochures





+41 61 268 68 68

info@basel.com
Kontakt



Tourist Information im Stadtcasino am Barfüsserplatz

Mon-Fri 9 am – 6.30 pm

Sat 9 am – 5 pm

Sun and public holidays 10 am – 3 pm



Tourist Information Bahnhof SBB

Mon-Fri 8 am – 6 pm

Sat 9 am – 5 pm
Sun and public holidays 9 am – 3 pm








Imprint

Privacy Statement

GT & C



























