

Map | Basel



































A new restaurant, hotel opening or a top event
– we send you insider tips from Basel every month.

Sign up now










Leisure

Meeting






en



Deutsch

English

Français

Italiano

Español





We have a more appropriate site for you
:



I already use my favourite portal



contact +41 61 268 68 68




menu






Menü


search


wishlist




basket











contact

+41 61 268 68 68





Discover Basel




Basel is an inspiration


Subnavigation öffnen




Christmas in Basel



Basel in 24h



Basel in 48h



Basel in 72h



Basel for connoisseurs



Portrait of Basel



Basel for families





Art & Culture


Subnavigation öffnen




All Museums



Art & Design Special



Theatre



Galleries



Music & Literature



Urban Art



Top 10 works of art





Sightseeing


Subnavigation öffnen




All sights



Basel Old Town



Modern architecture



Art in public spaces



Attractions in the region



Fortresses & castles





Citytours


Subnavigation öffnen




All public guided tours



Tour of the old town



Basel City Tour Bus



Basel in the spotlight



All guided tours for groups





Eating & Going out


Subnavigation öffnen




All restaurants



Vegetarian delicacies



Going out & dancing



Brunch



Basel specialities





Leisure & Excursions


Subnavigation öffnen




Basel City Quiz



City excursions



Excursions in Basel and the region



Activities for families



Zoo Basel



Relaxation



When it rains in Basel



Basel on a Sunday



360° Basel





Events



Shopping


Subnavigation öffnen




All the shops



Shop with a local



Boutiques



Watches & jewellery



Young designers



Markets







Plan a trip




Getting there & exploring the City


Subnavigation öffnen




Exploring the City



Getting there



Location





Stay overnight


Subnavigation öffnen




Hotels



Bed & Breakfasts



Hostels



Apartment



Accommodation Agencies



Best Price





Packages



Tourist Services


Subnavigation öffnen




Tourist Information SBB train station



Tourist Information at Barfüsserplatz



Museum Pass



Newsletter



Order brochures





Group Activities


Subnavigation öffnen




All activities for groups



Up to 2 hours



Up to 4 hours



Up to 8 hours



Make your own chocolate



Request group activities





Good to know


Subnavigation öffnen




History



Climate



Trade fair city



Commerce and industry



Figures



Politics





Map



BaselCard


Subnavigation öffnen




BaselCard 24h



BaselCard 48h



Attractions with the BaselCard



Guided tours with the BaselCard







Basel today





All events














Stadt- und Gruppenführungen


Book online now!






Weather & Webcam




















Districts of Basel

Anyone who moves around Basel’s various districts will soon find it to be a city of many faces. From idyllic residential neighbourhoods to picturesque alleys in the old town and to urban settings reminiscent of big cities like Hamburg or Berlin – you’ll find all these and much more. Let yourself be inspired by what awaits you in Basel’s diverse districts.







Grossbasel city centre & St. Alban

Gundeldingen, Bruderholz & Dreispitz

Iselin, Gotthelf & Bachletten

St. Johann

Matthäus, Klybeck & Kleinhüningen

Kleinbasel

Basel Nord & Riehen






District map

View a map of Basel's districts here





























































Not surprisingly, Basel’s old town contains nearly all the sights that are generally connected with Basel. And yet this district offers much more: world-class museums, shopping delights for individualists of every kind, traditional pubs and new favourites, and a spot – the St. Alban-Tal, also known as the “Little Venice” of Basel – that melts the heart of every romantic.

Find out more »



Basel’s southern districts are notable for its diversity: discover magnificent villas in the Bruderholz quarter, the “Gundeli” (Gundeldingen), a melting pot of cultures, and the gritty industrial charm of Dreispitz – one of Basel's fastest-developing districts.

Find out more »



The western part of Basel is very popular as a residential area. But the reason why so many visitors also end up here is because it’s home to Basel Zoo. If you sit outside one of the district's cafés or restaurants, the background noises might even make you feel as if you’ve suddenly been transported to Africa.

Find out more »



As a former workers’ quarter, St. Johann has always been a place where a wide variety of cultures come together. This tradition has continued in recent years – thanks to the Novartis Campus, which is gradually developing into a “city in the city”.

Find out more »



A whiff of the sea: the port of Basel is more than just the place where three countries come together; here you can actually feel the wanderlust. This is partly because of the ships that arrive and depart here and set you thinking about the big wide world, but also because of the port’s industrial ambience, which has a special charm of its own.

Find out more »



Kleinbasel is a good example of the way public perception can change. What used to be referred to disparagingly as “das mindere Basel” (“Basel minor”) is today a very popular district.

Find out more »



Riehen has already had the honour of being named the Swiss municipality with the highest quality of life. The award was no coincidence: Riehen attracts attention with its large amount of green space and a very attractive city centre. The town is also a cultural hotspot as the home of the famous Fondation Beyeler.

Find out more »









1 Grossbasel city centre & St. Alban



Not surprisingly, Basel’s old town contains nearly all the sights that are generally connected with Basel. And yet this district offers much more: world-class museums, shopping delights for individualists of every kind, traditional pubs and new favourites, and a spot – the St. Alban-Tal, also known as the “Little Venice” of Basel – that melts the heart of every romantic.

Mehr erfahren »



2 Gundeldingen, Bruderholz & Dreispitz



Basel’s southern districts are notable for its diversity: discover magnificent villas in the Bruderholz quarter, the “Gundeli” (Gundeldingen), a melting pot of cultures, and the gritty industrial charm of Dreispitz – one of Basel's fastest-developing districts.

Mehr erfahren »



3 Iselin, Gotthelf & Bachletten



The western part of Basel is very popular as a residential area. But the reason why so many visitors also end up here is because it’s home to Basel Zoo. If you sit outside one of the district's cafés or restaurants, the background noises might even make you feel as if you’ve suddenly been transported to Africa.

Mehr erfahren »



4 St. Johann



As a former workers’ quarter, St. Johann has always been a place where a wide variety of cultures come together. This tradition has continued in recent years – thanks to the Novartis Campus, which is gradually developing into a “city in the city”.

Mehr erfahren »



5 Matthäus, Klybeck & Kleinhüningen



A whiff of the sea: the port of Basel is more than just the place where three countries come together; here you can actually feel the wanderlust. This is partly because of the ships that arrive and depart here and set you thinking about the big wide world, but also because of the port’s industrial ambience, which has a special charm of its own.

Mehr erfahren »



6 Kleinbasel



Kleinbasel is a good example of the way public perception can change. What used to be referred to disparagingly as “das mindere Basel” (“Basel minor”) is today a very popular district.

Mehr erfahren »



7 Basel Nord & Riehen



Riehen has already had the honour of being named the Swiss municipality with the highest quality of life. The award was no coincidence: Riehen attracts attention with its large amount of green space and a very attractive city centre. The town is also a cultural hotspot as the home of the famous Fondation Beyeler.

Mehr erfahren »










Plan your trip




Accommodation




Packages




BaselCard




City Tours




Map




Exploring the City














Subscribe to our Newsletter







subscribe










© 2017
Basel Tourismus


Weather & Webcam

Meeting

Travel Trade

Media

About us

Newsletter

Brochures





+41 61 268 68 68

info@basel.com
Kontakt



Tourist Information im Stadtcasino am Barfüsserplatz

Mon-Fri 9 am – 6.30 pm

Sat 9 am – 5 pm

Sun and public holidays 10 am – 3 pm



Tourist Information Bahnhof SBB

Mon-Fri 8 am – 6 pm

Sat 9 am – 5 pm
Sun and public holidays 9 am – 3 pm








Imprint

Privacy Statement

GT & C


























