


Our French cook Marlene's passion for sharing her family's recipes - GoLearnTo.com


















































































Cooking & wine


Cookery holiday guest reviews

Our chefs

Chef’s recipes



Creative


Creative holiday guest reviews

Our artists



Language


Language holiday guest reviews

Our language teachers



Singles


Solo traveller reviews

Solo travel articles & advice



Sports


Sports holiday guest reviews

Our sports instructors



Wellbeing


Wellbeing holiday guest reviews

Our wellbeing instuctors

Yoga dictionary



Travel news


GoLearnTo in the press

Travel advice





We’d love to socialise!


Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Pinterest
Instagram













Cooking holidays and wine
/
Our chefs


Our French cook Marlene’s passion for sharing her family’s recipes


by
Sally

—
June 12, 2013



“It always blows me away that people on the other side of the world are producing my 92-year-old grandma’s recipes, I love telling her that.”

From the minute our French cook Marlene was old enough to hold a spoon she was old enough to cook – as far as her grandmother was concerned anyway.

“Mum was a single parent so she worked a lot, so my grandma cooked for the whole family – she’s an incredible cook,” Marlene said.

“And I helped her from when I was old enough to hold a spoon – luckily I did get to lick the spoon too!”

Marlene loved learning all the cooking tricks and techniques off her grandma, and kept cooking for her family and friends even when working full time as a wine buyer in Calais (North France).

It was there she met her husband Marc, from Essex.

“He came in one day asking for a job, I took one look at him and gave him the job without an interview. And he might be from Essex but don’t worry, he’s not orange! ” Marlene said.

“Six months later we were married,” she continued.

In 2004 the couple moved to the pretty village of Anze, in the Lot-et-Garonne where they bought a beautiful 19th century French farmhouse. After 3 years of renovating, they opened it as a guest house where they ran tours around the local producers, wineries and markets.

“I cooked dinner for the guests and everyone always told me I should run cooking classes. I’d always wanted to do something more with food so we decided to go for it,” Marlene said.

Setting up the cooking holidays hasn’t always been easy for Marlene and Marc but due to their friendly approach and Marlene’s brilliant teaching methods the
cooking courses
grow in popularity year on year.

“It’s something I do with a lot of passion and I think it’s my excitement for cooking that makes guests who might be shy or nervous really come together and have a great time.

As well as having fun on the cooking holidays, Marlene is determined to prove French food doesn’t need to be shrouded in mystery.

“All the big chefs like to make French food sound so tricky and people think they could never attempt a soufflé or other French classics, but it doesn’t have to be like that. My favourite thing is seeing people master something with your guidance that they thought they couldn’t do – it’s a great feeling.” Marlene said.

“It might sound cliché but I do feel so privileged to get up every morning to do something I love. I open the shutters and see the sunshine and get to make delicious food with amazing people, I am very lucky.”

And Marlene’s family tradition of cooking lives on, with Marlene and Marc’s two daughters aged 4 and 7 already eager young chefs, keen to learn every culinary secret their family have passed down.

Want to know more?
Read
a day in the life
of Marlene
Discover Marlene’s much-loved
cookery shortbreak
or
French pastry cookery course
for yourself.






Tags:
Chef Marlene

/

cooking

/

French cuisine

/

holidays in France

/

tutor profile


Share this post

Tweet







Author:
Sally

Sally originates from New Zealand. She’s been here three years but we still can’t tell the difference between her a’s and e’s. Sally eats an alarming amount of fruit and is an enthusiast for marine-life documentaries. She's also been on more GoLearnTo.com holiday than we can count from surfing, yoga, cooking and photography.




Visit Author:

Website

All Posts






Comments are closed.




Categories
Categories

Select Category

Cookery holiday guest reviews

Cooking holidays and wine

Creative holiday guest reviews

Creative holidays

GoLearnTo in the press

Language holiday guest reviews

Language holidays

Our artists

Our chefs

Our language teachers

Our sports instructors

Our wellbeing instructors

Recipes

Singles holidays

Solo travel articles & advice

Solo traveller reviews

Sports holiday guest reviews

Sports holidays

Travel advice

Travel news

Wellbeing holiday guest reviews

Wellbeing holidays

Yoga dictionary



Like us on Facebook




Holiday videos









×



×




In The Press
Our holidays make up 12% of The Telegraph’s 25 life-changing holidays

We made The Guardian’s 10 best language holidays with activities around the world

France Magazine featured our perfume making course in Grasse

Our culture and cooking holiday in Spain featured in Woman’s Weekly

Greek cooking and language holiday featured in The Times

















Copyright © 2017 GoLearnTo.com. All Rights Reserved.


Designed by























