


Photography in Spain - Alberto's had an eye for photos since he was 12 - GoLearnTo.com

















































































Cooking & wine


Cookery holiday guest reviews

Our chefs

Chef’s recipes



Creative


Creative holiday guest reviews

Our artists



Language


Language holiday guest reviews

Our language teachers



Singles


Solo traveller reviews

Solo travel articles & advice



Sports


Sports holiday guest reviews

Our sports instructors



Wellbeing


Wellbeing holiday guest reviews

Our wellbeing instuctors

Yoga dictionary



Travel news


GoLearnTo in the press

Travel advice





We’d love to socialise!


Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Pinterest
Instagram













Our artists


Photography in Spain – Alberto’s had an eye for photos since he was 12


by
Sally

—
May 31, 2013



It was a small Kodak with 35mm film roll that was our Spanish photography tutor Alberto’s first camera when he was only 12-years-old.

“From then on I took photos of everything,” Alberto recalls.

Alberto’s passion for photography stayed with him throughout school where he learnt to develop his own photos – and beyond when he went on to work for his father’s restaurant company.

But it wasn’t until Alberto met his wife Sue – a photographer herself, that they decided to pursue their shared interest of photography and art and set up a design business in Sue’s homeland, Australia.

“We did really well, but for Sue design was always about meeting clients needs whereas photography is about your expression and connecting with the public that want that. So we decided to do what we both loved and turned full time to photography,” Alberto said.

With most Alberto’s family living in Spain and Sue’s family based in the UK, they decided to move to Spain to start up
photography workshops
.

“As soon as we came to Andalucia we knew it was where we wanted to be, it’s so beautiful and there’s so many incredible places to visit nearby. It’s a photographers paradise,” Alberto said.

The courses started off with locals but they soon expanded to people from all over the world coming to stay in the couple’s beautifully restored village house and learn the art of photography.

Alberto and Sue work as the perfect photography package; with Sue, who exhibits worldwide, focusing on the creative side of photography and Alberto specialising in the technical development of guests.

“We work really well together and we get such a mix of guests from total beginners to professional photographers so it’s always really fun.”

“We love sharing our passion for photography, but we also make sure people are getting a holiday too. So they experience the local food, the people, culture and the region. We don’t have a formal structure to the course, we really adapt it to each persons requirements and focus on what they want to be doing,” Alberto said.

The courses are always small groups so guests get a lot of one on one tuition and Sue and Alberto make sure guests escape the tourist trail and get out and see and photograph a whole new side to Spain.

“The thing I enjoy most about it is seeing people go away so enthused about photography,” Alberto said.

Want to know more?
Hone in or develop new skills on Alberto and Sue’s
photography holiday in Andalucia Spain
See what other guests think of their holidays from
recent reviews








Tags:
holidays in Spain

/

photography holidays

/

tutor profile

/

weekend breaks


Share this post

Tweet







Author:
Sally

Sally originates from New Zealand. She’s been here three years but we still can’t tell the difference between her a’s and e’s. Sally eats an alarming amount of fruit and is an enthusiast for marine-life documentaries. She's also been on more GoLearnTo.com holiday than we can count from surfing, yoga, cooking and photography.




Visit Author:

Website

All Posts






Comments are closed.




Categories
Categories

Select Category

Cookery holiday guest reviews

Cooking holidays and wine

Creative holiday guest reviews

Creative holidays

GoLearnTo in the press

Language holiday guest reviews

Language holidays

Our artists

Our chefs

Our language teachers

Our sports instructors

Our wellbeing instructors

Recipes

Singles holidays

Solo travel articles & advice

Solo traveller reviews

Sports holiday guest reviews

Sports holidays

Travel advice

Travel news

Wellbeing holiday guest reviews

Wellbeing holidays

Yoga dictionary



Like us on Facebook




Holiday videos









×



×




In The Press
Our holidays make up 12% of The Telegraph’s 25 life-changing holidays

We made The Guardian’s 10 best language holidays with activities around the world

France Magazine featured our perfume making course in Grasse

Our culture and cooking holiday in Spain featured in Woman’s Weekly

Greek cooking and language holiday featured in The Times

















Copyright © 2017 GoLearnTo.com. All Rights Reserved.


Designed by























