


Jewellery making in France - Rebecca's best birthday vacation - GoLearnTo.com


















































































Cooking & wine


Cookery holiday guest reviews

Our chefs

Chef’s recipes



Creative


Creative holiday guest reviews

Our artists



Language


Language holiday guest reviews

Our language teachers



Singles


Solo traveller reviews

Solo travel articles & advice



Sports


Sports holiday guest reviews

Our sports instructors



Wellbeing


Wellbeing holiday guest reviews

Our wellbeing instuctors

Yoga dictionary



Travel news


GoLearnTo in the press

Travel advice





We’d love to socialise!


Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Pinterest
Instagram













Creative holiday guest reviews
/
Solo traveller reviews


Jewellery making in France – Rebecca’s best birthday vacation


by
Sally

—
June 10, 2013



Rebecca from Somerville, America wanted to do something special for her
30th birthday
this year that combined relaxation, learning and travel – so decided to go on our
precious metal clay jewellery making holiday

in South West France and had the best birthday vacation ever!

Set in the heart of Gascony, this stunning jewellery school is surrounded by
50 acres of  private meadows
and boasts a lovely swimming pool to relax in. Learn to make your own
distinctive PMC jewellery
with friendly jewellery tutor Caroline. There are
no single supplements
for solo travellers making this the perfect
jewellery making singles holiday
.

Read her review of the jewellery making vacation here…

“This vacation was exactly perfect.”

Caroline picked me up from the train station in Agen and immediately made me feel welcome. The countryside we drove through was stunning, and when we arrived at the house I was impressed by the accommodation.  The main house, with the studio and dining room, was beautiful, and the gite where I was staying was immaculate.  Everything was new and clean, and my room was massive.

By the end of the week, with Caroline’s instruction, I’d created a ring, a bracelet, three pendants, and two pairs of earrings.  For each assignment, I was given just the right mix of structure and artistic license.

The same with the week itself–just the right mix of learning and day trips and time spent sitting by the pool sipping wine. And eating.
Did I mention eating
?  There was a lot of that!

Three-course restaurant quality dinners every night and lunch every afternoon with copious bread and cheese in between.  Several nights there were also guests for dinner, neighbors or friends, which gave a nice sense of the region.

We went on
several day trips to nearby towns and to a vineyard for winetasting
.  Caroline and her family were nothing but wonderful—her kids even made me a chocolate cake and fresh squeezed orange juice for my
birthday breakfast
!

Overall
I couldn’t have asked for a better time
, and would highly recommend this vacation to anyone looking for something both creative and relaxing.

Want to know more?
Discover Caroline’s fantastic precious metal clay jewellery making holiday or
jewellery making and cooking holiday
for yourself and join the holiday of a lifetime today.

Learn about friendly tutor
Caroline’s story
of giving up her job in England and moving to rural France with 4 young children and you can also read
a day in the life of Caroline
here.






Tags:
30s to 40s travel

/

holidays for singles

/

holidays in France

/

holidays in Toulouse

/

jewellery making holidays


Share this post

Tweet







Author:
Sally

Sally originates from New Zealand. She’s been here three years but we still can’t tell the difference between her a’s and e’s. Sally eats an alarming amount of fruit and is an enthusiast for marine-life documentaries. She's also been on more GoLearnTo.com holiday than we can count from surfing, yoga, cooking and photography.




Visit Author:

Website

All Posts






Comments are closed.




Categories
Categories

Select Category

Cookery holiday guest reviews

Cooking holidays and wine

Creative holiday guest reviews

Creative holidays

GoLearnTo in the press

Language holiday guest reviews

Language holidays

Our artists

Our chefs

Our language teachers

Our sports instructors

Our wellbeing instructors

Recipes

Singles holidays

Solo travel articles & advice

Solo traveller reviews

Sports holiday guest reviews

Sports holidays

Travel advice

Travel news

Wellbeing holiday guest reviews

Wellbeing holidays

Yoga dictionary



Like us on Facebook




Holiday videos









×



×




In The Press
Our holidays make up 12% of The Telegraph’s 25 life-changing holidays

We made The Guardian’s 10 best language holidays with activities around the world

France Magazine featured our perfume making course in Grasse

Our culture and cooking holiday in Spain featured in Woman’s Weekly

Greek cooking and language holiday featured in The Times

















Copyright © 2017 GoLearnTo.com. All Rights Reserved.


Designed by























