
Learning Holidays - Courses, Activities & Experiences


































Your booking agreement with GoLearnTo

Please read these booking conditions carefully as they are the sole terms & conditions of the contract between you and GoLearnTo for all bookings.

These terms & conditions apply equally to UK resident bookings as well as USA, Australia and other worldwide resident bookings. Your contract will be governed by English law and any disputes will be dealt with in the courts of England and Wales.

You may only use this site for lawful purposes and in accordance with these terms & conditions. The person making the booking shall be deemed to have accepted the booking conditions on behalf of all the persons named in the booking.

No variation to these terms & conditions shall be of any effect unless made in writing by and with the authority of GoLearnTo. GoLearnTo reserves the right to alter these booking conditions at any time.

Note carefully that we will act as an agent under the contract rather than principal.

1. Prices and price changes

Prices listed on GoLearnTo’s website are per person unless otherwise stated

Prices are based on the local tariffs at the time of quoting converted at the prevailing foreign exchange rate as determined by GoLearnTo.

Unless otherwise specified, not included as part of the services we offer are any applicable foreign departure, security, port charges, park fees, customs, immigration, agricultural, passenger facility charges and international transportation tax. In addition, tips/gratuities to course staff, passports, visa fees, baggage and personal insurance, beverages and food not listed under inclusions in the course product and all other items of a personal nature are also not included. You should retain sufficient local currency to pay for all of the above items if necessary in addition to the balance due to the supplier in respect of the full price of the course as shown at the time of booking.

We reserve the right to change or amend prices at any time before you have booked. After you have booked, the price of your booking is guaranteed and we will not apply any surcharges or price changes unless you make the change to your arrangements after booking.

2. Payment

GoLearnTo charges you a deposit for the product booked. The balance should be paid direct to the supplier on, or in advance, of the commencement day of the product booked.  The product Supplier will charge you the difference between the deposit paid and the total price as shown at the time of booking in the local currency where the Product is consumed.

Payment instructions and due dates vary by supplier and are given at the time of booking. It is your responsibility to ensure you comply with the individual supplier’s balance payment terms as shown on your booking confirmation.

Failure to comply with the suppliers payment conditions may result in the cancellation of your course and no refunds shall be given.

We accept Debit Cards, MasterCard and Visa. GoLearnTo does not charge a service fee for processing credit or debit card payments. Payment equivalent to total deposit value as shown at the time of booking by credit or debit card is required to make a reservation. Payment will be listed as GoLearnTo on the credit card statement.

3. Supplier’s conditions

You are bound by our suppliers own booking, amendment, cancellation conditions and conditions of carriage where relevant and these conditions apply to your contract with us. Conditions vary by supplier and are given at the time of booking. Our supplier’s conditions may limit or exclude their and our liability to you.

4. Information Accuracy

We check facts about the courses offered to ensure accuracy. When we are told in advance of a significant change to a booking, we will make every effort to notify you in advance of the start of your course. Please note all course duration times given are approximate.

5. Changes after booking but before travel

Charges for any changes made to a booking vary from supplier to supplier. Please check the amendment fees and conditions as shown against each individual product before making your booking. No refunds are given as a result of an amendment to a booking.

In some instances, it may not be possible to make any changes to a booking once confirmed unless the original booking is cancelled and a new booking made. Where this is the case, the amendment terms and cancellation charges will be shown against each individual product prior to booking.

Prices applying to all new bookings made following an amendment will be those prices applicable on the day the new booking is made.

Please check your booking details carefully to ensure that any related flight, accommodation and/or other arrangements coincide with the dates you have booked with us and all names have the correct spelling as we will not be liable for any costs incurred as a result of any mistakes by you.

To make an amendment to your booking, please email
amend@golearnto.com
and we’ll be happy to help. Please note that an administration fee of £20 / 25 Euro / 30 USD / 30 AUD per booking will be applied in addition to any amendment fees.

6. Changes after travel

No refunds are available once a course has commenced, or in respect of any other products or services booked or utilised.

7. Cancellation or no show by you

Charges are levied to cover the costs of any losses incurred as a result of your cancellation or no show which applies to a situation where you chose not to take your course but omit to advise us of the fact in advance of the commencement day of your course. GoLearnTo acts as an agent rather than the principal, therefore cancellation charges vary from supplier to supplier. The cancellation policy and charges will be highlighted in the terms against each product prior to booking and these charges will also be displayed clearly on your confirmation voucher and in no circumstances will any refunds be available.   By agreeing to these terms and conditions, you agree to pay all charges associated with cancellation or a no show, which in the case of a no show is 100% of the total booking value, regardless of the supplier or the deposit value paid.

Should you need to cancel your booking, please advise us as soon as possible by emailing
cancel@golearnto.com
.

8. Changes made by GoLearnTo before travel

We will do all we can to tell you of any significant changes to your course arrangements. If you do not wish to accept the change, if we can, we will offer you an alternative course of equivalent or superior quality at no extra cost, or a less expensive course with a price refund. Alternatively, you can choose another course and pay or receive any price difference or cancel altogether, receiving a full refund less any amendment fees paid.

The suppliers of GoLearnTo reserve the right to cancel, change or substitute any service and to decline to accept or retain any course members at any time for any reason including, without limitation, an insufficient number of participants.

9. Circumstances beyond GoLearnTo’s control

No compensation of any kind or responsibility can be taken if due to a circumstance beyond GoLearnTo’s control, we have to change your course after departure, or we or our suppliers cannot supply your course in full or in part as agreed, or you suffer any loss or damage of any description. A circumstance beyond our or our supplier’s control is one that cannot be foreseen or avoided, even after taking all due care and includes but is not limited to war, terrorist activity, civil unrest, industrial disputes and bad weather situations or forecasts.

10. Our liability to you

We act only as a booking agent for the relevant supplier of any product on the booking and we have no liability of any kind whatsoever to you or your party or dependants for any death, personal injury, loss, consequential loss or damage of any kind you or your party or your dependants may suffer unless caused by our own negligence. GoLearnTo, our servants employees or agents are acting either as agents for the relevant supplier or as agent for you and your party.

GoLearnTo, its agents and suppliers also accepts no responsibility or liability whatsoever for any government restraints, acts of war and terrorism, weather conditions, or for any misadventure or casualty or any other force majeure or causes beyond their control. Subject to the terms and conditions on this site, GoLearnTo’s liability shall be limited to up to the price paid for the booked arrangements.

11. Travel insurance

It is a condition of our contract with you that you and all members of your party have suitable and sufficient travel insurance to cover your holiday as neither GoLearnTo nor our suppliers can be held responsible for any liability, expenses or losses you incur as a result of being inadequately insured. We strongly recommend that at the time of booking a comprehensive travel insurance policy is purchased.

Please note that for sports and wellbeing holidays that involve any physical activity whatsoever, the supplier may insist that you provide them with a copy of an adequate insurance policy to cover the activities involved in the holiday before you partake in any of those activities. Without adequate insurance, the supplier reserves the right to cancel your holiday without compensation or refund.

12. Health and safety

The health and safety standards that apply to the services provided under this contract should meet the local standards applicable to the booked destinations, and GoLearnTo monitors wherever possible that local standards have been met. However, note such standards vary widely across the programme and may not match those prevalent in the UK, Australia or USA.

13. Special requests

Please complete the special requests box during the booking process if you wish to make any special requests. We will ask our suppliers and where possible they will try to help but please note such requests cannot be guaranteed.

14. Passports/Visas and health requirements

It is the responsibility of all passengers, regardless of the passport they hold, to check with the appropriate consulates to determine if any visas are required. As visa and health requirements are subject to change without notice, it is recommended that verification prior to travel be made of existing foreign visa and health requirements. We will have no liability to you if you or any passenger travels without the correct passport or visa or health requirement and you will have to pay to us and the supplier any costs we incur through assisting you. Should you not have the correct visa in order to commence your course, you will have to pay to the supplier the full cost of the course.

15. Holiday voucher(s):

You will receive a personalised GoLearnTo Voucher for each holiday booked. In order to access and print your Voucher(s), you will be emailed from support@golearnto.com with an attached PDF document that contains your GoLearnTo Voucher(s).

You must provide a GoLearnTo Voucher to the appropriate service provider in order to redeem your holiday. Your reservation cannot be honoured or redeemed without presenting a valid GoLearnTo Voucher.

Please note that your GoLearnTo Voucher(s) can be confiscated and immediately cancelled without refund if your signature and/or name do not match those shown on either your credit card or voucher. This is for identification purposes and helps us to prevent fraud. We will have no liability to you if you or any passenger travels without the correct identification and you will have to pay to us any costs we incur through assisting you.

16. Your responsibility

Please note you are responsible for your and your party’s actions. If we or our suppliers believe your actions or those of your party could cause danger, upset or annoyance to other customers, guests or staff, we or our suppliers may end your booked arrangements immediately. In this event we, nor our suppliers will pay compensation, make refunds nor pay any expenses you suffer as a result.

17. If you have a complaint

If you have cause for complaint whilst on your course, this must be brought to the attention of the relevant supplier immediately so that action can be taken to remedy the problem. Failure to report your complaint in this way may jeopardise any claim you subsequently make. Complaints must also be notified in writing by email to the GoLearnTo Customer Services Department within 28 days of the end of your trip.

Email:
feedback@golearnto.com


18. Collection and use of your personal information

Personal information is collected when you make a reservation from our website, as well as when you contact us about a purchase either by email, letter, fax or on the phone. We may also collect personal information from you from any online registrations including but not limited to subscriptions, newsletters, surveys or competitions etc. Your personal information will never be collected via any channels without your expressed consent.

We use your personal information to enable us and our service partners to provide you with the information you request about our products, to fulfil your bookings, to confirm your purchases and to ensure you are correctly billed. The personal information we collect from you will be shared with our service partners who are directly involved in fulfilling the bookings you have made with us. Please note information may therefore be supplied outside of the UK and the European Economic Area, Australia and the USA. Please also note that our products may be made available through our distribution partners. This statement should be read in conjunction with the privacy statements of our distribution partners, which may differ from GoLearnTo's policy. GoLearnTo are not responsible for the content of or privacy policies of other websites to which this site may link.

We do not share your personal information with third party organisations who are not involved in fulfilling the purchases you have made from us or as described above, neither do we partner with, or have relationships with, any businesses which serve ads on to websites.




Search





By destination


By activity






















When would you like to go? (optional)





















Any duration

Up to 1 day

2 - 4 days

5 - 8 days

Up to 8 days

9 - 15 days

16 - 22 days

23 - 30 days

31 - 35 days

36 - 42 days

42 days or more






























When would you like to go? (optional)





















Any duration

Up to 1 day

2 - 4 days

5 - 8 days

Up to 8 days

9 - 15 days

16 - 22 days

23 - 30 days

31 - 35 days

36 - 42 days

42 days or more






Call us on: 0208 1445990

Special offers

Follow us




Why choose us?


Learning holiday experts

Award winning

Instant book

100% secure payment

Best price guarantee








GoLearnTo




My booking

| Choose currency:
GBP£
EUR€
AUD$
USD$





T:

+44 (0)208 1445990

E:

hello@golearnto.com






Home

Destinations


Cooking holidays
and wine








Cookery holidays


Cookery holidays in France

Cookery holidays in Italy

Cookery holidays in Spain

Cookery holidays in Greece

Cookery holidays in Mexico






Cookery short breaks







Specialist cookery


Bread making & pastry, France

Michelin Star in France

Butchery and charcuterie

Fish cookery in Spain

Fish & shellfish in France

Gluten free Italian cooking

Pizza, pasta & gelato in Italy








One day cooking courses


Cookery class, Barcelona

Cookery class, Normandy

Cookery class, Aix-en-Provence

Cookery & market visit, Nice

Pasta making in Rome

Cooking classes, Florence

Cooking classes, Venice

Cooking classes, Sorrento








Cooking plus...


Cooking and walking in Italy

Cooking and horseriding

Cooking and jewellery making

Cooking and French

Cooking and Italian

Cooking and yoga in Italy






Wine holidays


Luxury wine weekend











Creative
holidays








Photography holidays


Photography in Spain

Photography in France

Photography in Italy

Photography in Greece

Photography in Morocco

Photography in Costa Rica








Photography plus


Photography and Spanish

Photography and surf

Photography and yoga






Photography weekends







Painting holidays


Painting holidays in Spain

Painting holidays in France

Painting holidays in Greece

Painting holidays in Italy

Painting holidays in Cyprus






Creative plus holidays


Jewellery and cooking

Painting and cookery

Painting and yoga








Art and craft holidays


Mosaics making holiday

Jewellery making holidays






Flamenco guitar


Flamenco guitar lessons

Flamenco guitar and Spanish






Dance holidays


Flamenco dance in Seville

Salsa and learn Spanish

Tango and learn Spanish











Language
Courses






Japanese immersion

Chinese immersion

Swedish immersion

Danish immersion

Norwegian immersion

Finnish immersion

Dutch immersion

Portuguese immersion





Learn Spanish


Spanish immersion in Spain

Spanish in Spain

Spanish in Costa Rica

Spanish in Argentina

Spanish in Dominican Republic

Spanish in Ecuador






Spanish plus


Spanish and surf

Spanish and dance

Spanish and horseriding

Spanish and cooking

Spanish and photography

Spanish and yoga

Spanish and hiking








Learn French in France


French immersion courses

Learn French in Nice

Learn French in Lyon

Learn French in Toulouse

Learn French in Paris

French immersion, Provence

French immersion, Dordogne

French immersion, Brittany






French and cooking


French and cooking, Nice

French and cooking, Lyon

French and cooking, Toulouse





French immersion





Learn German





Learn Italian


Learn Italian in Florence


Learn Italian in Sorrento


Italian and cooking, Florence


Italian and cooking, Sorrento





Learn Arabic


Arabic immersion courses

Arabic courses, Morocco

Arabic and cooking








Singles
holidays






Solos language holidays


Singles learn Spanish

Singles learn French

Singles learn Italian

Singles learn German

Singles learn Arabic




Solos sports holidays

Solos cookery holidays



Solos wellbeing holidays

Solos creative holidays



Most popular holidays


Cooking in Tuscany

Yoga & optional detox, Spain

Horseriding in Spain

Photography in France

Flamenco in Seville

Painting in Spain

Surfing in Portugal









Sports
holidays








Surfing holidays


Surf holidays, Portugal

Surf holidays, Canaries

Surf holidays, Morocco

Surf holidays, France

Surf holidays, Costa Rica

Surf holidays, Thailand




Surf plus holidays


Surf and yoga holidays

Surf and Spanish courses

Surf and photography

Surf and GoPro holiday






Horse riding holidays


Horse riding in Spain

Horse riding in Italy

Horse riding in France

Horse riding in Portugal

Adventure riding in Morocco




Horseriding plus holidays


Horseriding and cookery

Riding and yoga, Italy

Horseriding and Spanish




Kitesurfing holidays

Scuba diving holidays

Windsurfing holidays

Sailing holidays

Walking holidays

SUP holidays





Fitness holidays


Fitness holidays in Spain

Fitness holidays in Italy

Fitness holidays in Thailand

Fitness holidays in Malta











Wellbeing
holidays








Yoga holidays


Yoga holidays in Spain

Yoga holidays in Fuerteventura

Yoga holidays in Italy

Yoga holidays in France

Yoga holidays in Greece

Yoga holidays in Portugal

Yoga holidays in Turkey

Yoga holidays in Costa Rica

Yoga holidays in Morocco

Yoga holidays in Malta

Yoga holidays in Thailand






Yoga short breaks


Yoga weekend in Italy

Yoga weekends in Spain

Yoga break in France








Yoga plus holidays


Yoga and cycling Italy

Yoga and Pilates holidays

Yoga and surf holidays

Yoga and painting Italy

Yoga and horse riding

Yoga and optional detox

Yoga and core cycling

Yoga and learn Spanish

Yoga + personal development

Yoga and photography

Yoga and cooking Italy

Yoga and cooking Thailand








Perfume making in Grasse


Day perfume classes, France

Perfume making breaks, France






Pilates holidays


Pilates and yoga in Spain

Yoga and Pilates break Spain

Pilates and yoga in France

Pilates reformer in Thailand








Fitness and detox holidays


Fitness holidays in Spain

Fitness holidays in Italy

Fitness holidays in Thailand

Fitness holidays in Malta






Detox and weight loss


Juice detox and yoga Thailand

Luxury bootcamp detox Spain

Alkaline detox and spa Spain

Yoga and detox Spain

Weight loss retreat Thailand

Stress management Thailand






















Get in touch

Chat: Chat live online


E:

hello@golearnto.com

T:

+44(0) 208 1445990

Skype:

golearnto.com











In the press


Media coverage










Travel blog

Meet our tutors & guests

Visit our blog








Go social

Follow us






twitter

facebook

youtube










Popular holiday ideas



Cookery holidays in France

Photography holidays


Yoga holidays & retreats

Holiday ideas

'Go Learn To' paint





Site links



Newsletter sign-up

Log In

About us

Media centre



Sell your holidays with us

Contact us

FAQs

Privacy policy

Terms & conditions





Copyright 2017 GoLearnTo Limited. All Rights Reserved | Rochester Square, London, NW1 | hello@golearnto.com | +44 (0) 208 1445990 | skype: golearnto.com

Website development by The
Technology Studio




GoLearnTo.com, as featured in:


































