


From actor in England to photography tutor in France - GoLearnTo.com

















































































Cooking & wine


Cookery holiday guest reviews

Our chefs

Chef’s recipes



Creative


Creative holiday guest reviews

Our artists



Language


Language holiday guest reviews

Our language teachers



Singles


Solo traveller reviews

Solo travel articles & advice



Sports


Sports holiday guest reviews

Our sports instructors



Wellbeing


Wellbeing holiday guest reviews

Our wellbeing instuctors

Yoga dictionary



Travel news


GoLearnTo in the press

Travel advice





We’d love to socialise!


Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Pinterest
Instagram













Our artists


From actor in England to photography tutor in France


by
Sally

—
April 10, 2013



Actor turned photographer: how Gareth’s passion for the arts led him from a life on the stage to behind the lens.

With a landscape artist father and photographer sister – art is clearly in the blood for our
photography tutor Gareth Kirkland.

“Dad was always taking photos and painting them so I got my hands on a camera when I was very young,’’ Gareth said.

But Gareth’s curiosity for the arts wasn’t limited to photography, he was also passionate about acting and after completing drama school, Gareth went on to act in theatre productions and eventually in film and TV until he was in his mid 20s.

While working in various productions, Gareth kept up his interest in photography and started doing portraits and jobs for friends and families.

“Before I knew it I was doing photography at weddings, family portraits, events and for bands. I kept taking landscape photos for myself as well,’’ Gareth said.

Eventually Gareth left acting behind for good and turned his full focus to photography.

Then around 12 years ago Gareth and his wife Lila decided to move to France, where Lila originates from.

“For us Dordogne in the South West was an obvious choice. It’s so beautiful and you just want to capture it – it’s incredibly picturesque.

“We bought a property that has an 18th century stone farmhouse on it and a cottage that was a total ruin. We put so much time into fixing it up and adding a swimming pool and turning the cottage into a studio to make it what it is today. It’s amazing now, the property has become a big part of the experience here,” Gareth said.

Gareth started off teaching photography in the local school before setting up workshops in their studio – which quickly took off.

Now he runs a
photography weekend
focused on learning the fundamentals of digital photography as well as developing your creative side.

“We get up early and finish late to get the best light for shooting. The guests learn so much and we have a good balance of concentrating and having time off to relax,” Gareth said.

The course attracts people from all over the world; from novice photographers to semi-professionals.

“Meeting the people is really great, we get such a mix and we enjoy wine and dinner together that Lila cooks in the evenings which are always Dordogne specialities using home-grown and local farm produce,” Gareth said.

“One of the best things is seeing how how blown away people are by their own photos by the end of the weekend.”

Gareth and Lila are dedicated to making you feel at home in their lovely renovated stone house and will help you rapidly improve your photography skills while enjoying a weekend in this stunning location.

Want to know more?

Discover Gareth’s fantastic
photography holiday in Dordogne, France
Find out what his holiday is really like from other
guest’s reviews








Tags:
holidays in France

/

photography holidays

/

tutor profile

/

weekend breaks


Share this post

Tweet







Author:
Sally

Sally originates from New Zealand. She’s been here three years but we still can’t tell the difference between her a’s and e’s. Sally eats an alarming amount of fruit and is an enthusiast for marine-life documentaries. She's also been on more GoLearnTo.com holiday than we can count from surfing, yoga, cooking and photography.




Visit Author:

Website

All Posts






Comments are closed.




Categories
Categories

Select Category

Cookery holiday guest reviews

Cooking holidays and wine

Creative holiday guest reviews

Creative holidays

GoLearnTo in the press

Language holiday guest reviews

Language holidays

Our artists

Our chefs

Our language teachers

Our sports instructors

Our wellbeing instructors

Recipes

Singles holidays

Solo travel articles & advice

Solo traveller reviews

Sports holiday guest reviews

Sports holidays

Travel advice

Travel news

Wellbeing holiday guest reviews

Wellbeing holidays

Yoga dictionary



Like us on Facebook




Holiday videos









×



×




In The Press
Our holidays make up 12% of The Telegraph’s 25 life-changing holidays

We made The Guardian’s 10 best language holidays with activities around the world

France Magazine featured our perfume making course in Grasse

Our culture and cooking holiday in Spain featured in Woman’s Weekly

Greek cooking and language holiday featured in The Times

















Copyright © 2017 GoLearnTo.com. All Rights Reserved.


Designed by























