
Learning Holidays - Courses, Activities & Experiences


































Privacy policy

This is the privacy policy of GoLearnTo Limited. We have prepared this Privacy Policy to help you understand how GoLearnTo collects, uses and safeguards the personal information you provide to us on our websites, via email, and through our service providers and distribution partners.

Protecting your privacy is a responsibility we take very seriously. GoLearnTo understands and respects the importance of your privacy and visitors to our website can be assured that the protection of privacy is given the highest possible priority. All personal information that we collect is used and held to comply in every way possible with the Data Protection Act 1998 and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 2017. GoLearnTo only obtains personal information from you if we ask for it and you provide it to us. Please read on to understand how we use the information you give us before using the GoLearnTo web pages. Please note use of the GoLearnTo web pages and services is conditional upon you agreeing to be bound by this privacy policy.

The information we collect

Personal information is collected when you make a reservation from our website, as well as when you contact us about a purchase either by email, letter, fax or on the phone. We may also collect personal information from you from any online registrations including but not limited to subscriptions, newsletters, surveys or competitions etc. Your personal information will never be collected via any channels without your expressed consent.

When you visit our web pages our Web server automatically recognizes and collects your domain name.

When you visit our web pages you are free to remain anonymous. However, in order to purchase our products or services, it is necessary for you to disclose personal information, including your name, address, email address, phone number, credit card details and other identifying information in order to process orders and provide customer service. If you do not provide personal information when purchasing one of our products or services, we cannot confirm your purchase or fulfil your booking.

We only collect the personal information which you disclose to us and no other collections of personal information will occur without your consent.

Our Security and Storage Measures

We will endeavour to take all reasonable steps to keep secure any information which we hold about you, and to keep this information accurate and up to date. We use industry-standard encryption protocols when transferring and receiving your personal information exchanged with our web pages. When you transfer personal information to us we require that a "secure session" first be established using Secure Socket Layer (SSL).

Your personal information is stored in secure operating environments that are not accessible by the general public. We have put security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information by our employees or other parties.

You have the right to ask for all your data to be deleted from our records. You can do this by contacting us via phone or email, and we will get back to you within 30 days with confirmation of the removal of all of your personal information. Likewise, you may ask at reasonable intervals for a summary of the personal information we hold and this will be provided to you within 30 days of receipt of your request.

As no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, we cannot give an absolute assurance that the information you provide to us will be secure at all times. GoLearnTo will not be held responsible for events arising from unauthorized access to your personal information. But in compliance with the GDPR, in the event of a data breach that risks any of your rights or freedoms, we will inform you as well as our data protection authority within 72 hours of it coming to our attention.

Cookies

Our websites do, from time to time, use ‘cookies’ to enhance our users’ experiences and continue improving our services. In compliance with the GDPR, we require explicit consent from you, the user, to do this. This consent may come in the form of a button, tick box, or in some instances, fair notice of cookie use after which continuing to browse our sites will act as consent. At any point, you are able to change your cookie preferences. Please note, opting out of cookie tracking will affect your experience on our websites.

‘Cookies’ are pieces of information that our web page transfers to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Cookies can make the web more useful by storing information about your preferences on a particular site. The use of cookies is an industry standard and many websites use them to provide useful features for you. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify you, only your computer. Most web browsers allow you to turn off cookies; however, turning off cookies will limit your use of our websites.

Third parties may also sometimes be used by us to perform some tracking functions soley on our website using our cookie information, although your name and contact details will not be disclosed to them. These third parties are carefully selected by us and can help us monitor the effectiveness of our site by looking at how many times you visit us, which of our pages you browse and search the most and which services you book.

How we use your personal information

We use your personal information to enable us and our service partners to provide you with the information you request about our products, to fulfil your bookings, to confirm your purchases and to ensure you are correctly billed. The personal information we collect from you will be shared with our service partners who are directly involved in fulfilling the bookings you have made with us. Please note information may therefore be supplied outside of the UK and the European Economic Area, Australia and the USA. Please also note that our products may be made available through our distribution partners. This privacy statement should be read in conjunction with the privacy statements of our distribution partners, which may differ from GoLearnTo's privacy policy. GoLearnTo are not responsible for the content of or privacy policies of other websites to which this site may link.

We or our service partners may from time to time send you information about our new products or ask your opinion on new product initiatives so that we may improve our service to you and other consumers. If you do not want GoLearnTo to contact you in the future please ensure you indicate this on the tick boxes at various points within the site.

We do not share your personal information with third party organizations who are not involved in fulfilling the purchases you have made from us or as described above, neither do we partner with, or have relationships with, any businesses which serve ads on to websites.

Contacting us

If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy or you would like a summary of the personal information we hold, send an e-mail to
support@golearnto.com
. Information will only be sent to the email address on file for the customer name associated with it.




Search





By destination


By activity






















When would you like to go? (optional)





















Any duration

Up to 1 day

2 - 4 days

5 - 8 days

Up to 8 days

9 - 15 days

16 - 22 days

23 - 30 days

31 - 35 days

36 - 42 days

42 days or more






























When would you like to go? (optional)





















Any duration

Up to 1 day

2 - 4 days

5 - 8 days

Up to 8 days

9 - 15 days

16 - 22 days

23 - 30 days

31 - 35 days

36 - 42 days

42 days or more






Call us on: 0208 1445990

Special offers

Follow us




Why choose us?


Learning holiday experts

Award winning

Instant book

100% secure payment

Best price guarantee








GoLearnTo




My booking

| Choose currency:
GBP£
EUR€
AUD$
USD$





T:

+44 (0)208 1445990

E:

hello@golearnto.com






Home

Destinations


Cooking holidays
and wine








Cookery holidays


Cookery holidays in France

Cookery holidays in Italy

Cookery holidays in Spain

Cookery holidays in Greece

Cookery holidays in Mexico






Cookery short breaks







Specialist cookery


Bread making & pastry, France

Michelin Star in France

Butchery and charcuterie

Fish cookery in Spain

Fish & shellfish in France

Gluten free Italian cooking

Pizza, pasta & gelato in Italy








One day cooking courses


Cookery class, Barcelona

Cookery class, Normandy

Cookery class, Aix-en-Provence

Cookery & market visit, Nice

Pasta making in Rome

Cooking classes, Florence

Cooking classes, Venice

Cooking classes, Sorrento








Cooking plus...


Cooking and walking in Italy

Cooking and horseriding

Cooking and jewellery making

Cooking and French

Cooking and Italian

Cooking and yoga in Italy






Wine holidays


Luxury wine weekend











Creative
holidays








Photography holidays


Photography in Spain

Photography in France

Photography in Italy

Photography in Greece

Photography in Morocco

Photography in Costa Rica








Photography plus


Photography and Spanish

Photography and surf

Photography and yoga






Photography weekends







Painting holidays


Painting holidays in Spain

Painting holidays in France

Painting holidays in Greece

Painting holidays in Italy

Painting holidays in Cyprus






Creative plus holidays


Jewellery and cooking

Painting and cookery

Painting and yoga








Art and craft holidays


Mosaics making holiday

Jewellery making holidays






Flamenco guitar


Flamenco guitar lessons

Flamenco guitar and Spanish






Dance holidays


Flamenco dance in Seville

Salsa and learn Spanish

Tango and learn Spanish











Language
Courses






Japanese immersion

Chinese immersion

Swedish immersion

Danish immersion

Norwegian immersion

Finnish immersion

Dutch immersion

Portuguese immersion





Learn Spanish


Spanish immersion in Spain

Spanish in Spain

Spanish in Costa Rica

Spanish in Argentina

Spanish in Dominican Republic

Spanish in Ecuador






Spanish plus


Spanish and surf

Spanish and dance

Spanish and horseriding

Spanish and cooking

Spanish and photography

Spanish and yoga

Spanish and hiking








Learn French in France


French immersion courses

Learn French in Nice

Learn French in Lyon

Learn French in Toulouse

Learn French in Paris

French immersion, Provence

French immersion, Dordogne

French immersion, Brittany






French and cooking


French and cooking, Nice

French and cooking, Lyon

French and cooking, Toulouse





French immersion





Learn German





Learn Italian


Learn Italian in Florence


Learn Italian in Sorrento


Italian and cooking, Florence


Italian and cooking, Sorrento





Learn Arabic


Arabic immersion courses

Arabic courses, Morocco

Arabic and cooking








Singles
holidays






Solos language holidays


Singles learn Spanish

Singles learn French

Singles learn Italian

Singles learn German

Singles learn Arabic




Solos sports holidays

Solos cookery holidays



Solos wellbeing holidays

Solos creative holidays



Most popular holidays


Cooking in Tuscany

Yoga & optional detox, Spain

Horseriding in Spain

Photography in France

Flamenco in Seville

Painting in Spain

Surfing in Portugal









Sports
holidays








Surfing holidays


Surf holidays, Portugal

Surf holidays, Canaries

Surf holidays, Morocco

Surf holidays, France

Surf holidays, Costa Rica

Surf holidays, Thailand




Surf plus holidays


Surf and yoga holidays

Surf and Spanish courses

Surf and photography

Surf and GoPro holiday






Horse riding holidays


Horse riding in Spain

Horse riding in Italy

Horse riding in France

Horse riding in Portugal

Adventure riding in Morocco




Horseriding plus holidays


Horseriding and cookery

Riding and yoga, Italy

Horseriding and Spanish




Kitesurfing holidays

Scuba diving holidays

Windsurfing holidays

Sailing holidays

Walking holidays

SUP holidays





Fitness holidays


Fitness holidays in Spain

Fitness holidays in Italy

Fitness holidays in Thailand

Fitness holidays in Malta











Wellbeing
holidays








Yoga holidays


Yoga holidays in Spain

Yoga holidays in Fuerteventura

Yoga holidays in Italy

Yoga holidays in France

Yoga holidays in Greece

Yoga holidays in Portugal

Yoga holidays in Turkey

Yoga holidays in Costa Rica

Yoga holidays in Morocco

Yoga holidays in Malta

Yoga holidays in Thailand






Yoga short breaks


Yoga weekend in Italy

Yoga weekends in Spain

Yoga break in France








Yoga plus holidays


Yoga and cycling Italy

Yoga and Pilates holidays

Yoga and surf holidays

Yoga and painting Italy

Yoga and horse riding

Yoga and optional detox

Yoga and core cycling

Yoga and learn Spanish

Yoga + personal development

Yoga and photography

Yoga and cooking Italy

Yoga and cooking Thailand








Perfume making in Grasse


Day perfume classes, France

Perfume making breaks, France






Pilates holidays


Pilates and yoga in Spain

Yoga and Pilates break Spain

Pilates and yoga in France

Pilates reformer in Thailand








Fitness and detox holidays


Fitness holidays in Spain

Fitness holidays in Italy

Fitness holidays in Thailand

Fitness holidays in Malta






Detox and weight loss


Juice detox and yoga Thailand

Luxury bootcamp detox Spain

Alkaline detox and spa Spain

Yoga and detox Spain

Weight loss retreat Thailand

Stress management Thailand






















Get in touch

Chat: Chat live online


E:

hello@golearnto.com

T:

+44(0) 208 1445990

Skype:

golearnto.com











In the press


Media coverage










Travel blog

Meet our tutors & guests

Visit our blog








Go social

Follow us






twitter

facebook

youtube










Popular holiday ideas



Cookery holidays in France

Photography holidays


Yoga holidays & retreats

Holiday ideas

'Go Learn To' paint





Site links



Newsletter sign-up

Log In

About us

Media centre



Sell your holidays with us

Contact us

FAQs

Privacy policy

Terms & conditions





Copyright 2017 GoLearnTo Limited. All Rights Reserved | Rochester Square, London, NW1 | hello@golearnto.com | +44 (0) 208 1445990 | skype: golearnto.com

Website development by The
Technology Studio




GoLearnTo.com, as featured in:


































