


Moved to France with 4 kids in tow and never looked back - Caroline's inspirational lifestyle - GoLearnTo.com

















































































Cooking & wine


Cookery holiday guest reviews

Our chefs

Chef’s recipes



Creative


Creative holiday guest reviews

Our artists



Language


Language holiday guest reviews

Our language teachers



Singles


Solo traveller reviews

Solo travel articles & advice



Sports


Sports holiday guest reviews

Our sports instructors



Wellbeing


Wellbeing holiday guest reviews

Our wellbeing instuctors

Yoga dictionary



Travel news


GoLearnTo in the press

Travel advice





We’d love to socialise!


Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Pinterest
Instagram













Our artists


Moved to France with 4 kids in tow and never looked back – Caroline’s inspirational lifestyle


by
Sally

—
May 10, 2013




Packing up and moving to rural France with four kids under the age of 7 and no knowledge of the language would seem a big step to most, but for Caroline and her husband Adam it was a no brainer.

“I always loved travelling, we wanted an outdoor lifestyle and I wanted the kids to be bi-lingual . Then one day Adam just said, ‘so where do you want to live then?’ and that was it. We decided to just go and we’ve never looked back,” Caroline said.

While there is a growing number of Brits settling in France, 11 years ago a family of 6 moving into town was a rare sight.

“The first week we arrived we were in the local paper, this big family with huge white landdrover had landed,” Caroline said.

Before the move Caroline worked as a geography and PE teacher and had trained in reflexology and massage, and Adam worked in finance.

However with a jeweller for a grandfather, a sign writer for a father and a passion for teaching and jewellery – Caroline’s ultimiate dream was to set up a jewellery makiong holiday in their new home. But it wasn’t until Caroline discovered the unique precious metal clay that she made this dream a reality.

“It is the most incredible thing to work with, I am so passionate about it. Sometimes Adam has to ask for a few hours where I don’t talk about it!” Caroline said.

Caroline’s experience with this new type of luxury metal clay makes her
jewellery making holiday
one of a kind. Metal clays act just like clay, so it is easy to work with while you’re perfecting a design. But once the metal is fired it turns into pure silver.

After renovating their 150-year old farmhouse and gite that overlooks the rolling countryside, fields of sunflowers and lush meadows – they were ready for people to come and stay and share Caroline’s knowledge of this unique silver and Adams passion for cooking with the fresh local produce.

“Adam is probably more enthusiastic about the local Gascony produce that the locals! Sitting down with the meals he’s cooked and a glass of wine with the guests is always a real  highlight,” Caroline said.

In fact Adam’s food has been such a hit, they are now running a
cooking and jewellery making holiday

“We really love all the people we meet from all over the world, we really are living our dream!” Caroline said.

Want to know more?

Find out what their holidays are really like from
guest reviews

Get a glimpse into
a day in the life of Caroline

Discover Caroline’s fantastic
precious metal clay jewellery making holiday
Or for something a bit different try their
jewellery making and cooking holiday









Tags:
cooking

/

holidays in France

/

jewellery making holidays

/

tutor profile


Share this post

Tweet







Author:
Sally

Sally originates from New Zealand. She’s been here three years but we still can’t tell the difference between her a’s and e’s. Sally eats an alarming amount of fruit and is an enthusiast for marine-life documentaries. She's also been on more GoLearnTo.com holiday than we can count from surfing, yoga, cooking and photography.




Visit Author:

Website

All Posts






Comments are closed.




Categories
Categories

Select Category

Cookery holiday guest reviews

Cooking holidays and wine

Creative holiday guest reviews

Creative holidays

GoLearnTo in the press

Language holiday guest reviews

Language holidays

Our artists

Our chefs

Our language teachers

Our sports instructors

Our wellbeing instructors

Recipes

Singles holidays

Solo travel articles & advice

Solo traveller reviews

Sports holiday guest reviews

Sports holidays

Travel advice

Travel news

Wellbeing holiday guest reviews

Wellbeing holidays

Yoga dictionary



Like us on Facebook




Holiday videos









×



×




In The Press
Our holidays make up 12% of The Telegraph’s 25 life-changing holidays

We made The Guardian’s 10 best language holidays with activities around the world

France Magazine featured our perfume making course in Grasse

Our culture and cooking holiday in Spain featured in Woman’s Weekly

Greek cooking and language holiday featured in The Times

















Copyright © 2017 GoLearnTo.com. All Rights Reserved.


Designed by























