Antarctica Classic in Depth in Antarctica, Antarctica - G Adventures























Login
Register
Help
G Adventures
Call us, we're open 24/7
+44 207 243 9878
Travel Styles
Destinations
Travel Deals
Resume Booking
You have no tours in your cart





Home

Adventure Tours

Antarctica

Antarctica

Antarctica Classic in Depth






Antarctica Classic in Depth

13 days, Ushuaia to Ushuaia







Overview
Full itinerary
Tour details
Like our "Antarctica Classic" tour, this 13-day expedition introduces you to the magic of the South Shetland Islands and the Antarctic Peninsula, but adds on two additional days to better explore its majesty. Part of the reward of arriving in Antarctica is the challenge of negotiating the Drake Passage – and the G Expedition will bring you there safely. Encounter leopard seals lazing on ice floes and immense rookeries of penguins surrounded by towering glaciers. The G Expedition’s expert guides and lecturers offer knowledge and insight that really bring the nature and history of the region to life, creating the adventure of a lifetime.
13 days
Ushuaia to Ushuaia
From
€
6299
Valid on
Nov 12, 2018
Trip Code: XVAESX
Book now
Save to wish list
Need a flight? We can help.
Call us to book your flights! We'll find you the best option and we're available 24/7!
Like our "Antarctica Classic" tour, this 13-day expedition introduces you to the magic of the South Shetland Islands and the Antarctic Peninsula, but adds on two additional days to better explore its majesty. Part of the reward of arriving in Antarctica is the challenge of negotiating the Drake Passage – and the G Expedition will bring you there safely. Encounter leopard seals lazing on ice floes and immense rookeries of penguins surrounded by towering glaciers. The G Expedition’s expert guides and lecturers offer knowledge and insight that really bring the nature and history of the region to life, creating the adventure of a lifetime.
Is this tour for me?
Travel Style:
Marine
Small-ship adventures on the world’s great seas, rivers, and other places only accessible by boat.
Physical Rating:
2 - Light
Light walking and hiking suitable for most fitness levels. Nothing too challenging.
Age requirement:
10+
All travellers under age 18 must be accompanied by an adult.
13 days
Ushuaia to Ushuaia
From
€
6299
Valid on
Nov 12, 2018
Trip Code: XVAESX
Book now
Save to wish list
Need a flight? We can help.
Call us to book your flights! We'll find you the best option and we're available 24/7!



More from Antarctica Classic in Depth
Places visited
Antarctica
Argentina
Expedition Cruises
Learn more about polar cruising with G Adventures aboard the Expedition
Learn more
Itinerary
Day 1
Ushuaia
Arrive in Ushuaia at any time. Arrival transfer included. Enjoy the sights and sounds of the world's most southerly city.
Day 2
Ushuaia/Drake Passage
Enjoy a free morning in Ushuaia. Do any last minute shopping, explore the town, or visit the surrounding countryside. Embarkation on the G Expedition begins in the afternoon at the port in Ushuaia. Enjoy the evening sailing through the Beagle Channel.
Meals included:
Breakfast | Dinner
Days 3–4
Drake Passage/South Shetland Islands
The adventure begins with an 800km (497 mi) crossing of the passage named in honour of 16th-century English sea captain and privateer, Sir Francis Drake. The ship is at home in this part of the Southern Ocean. Take in daily lectures from the expedition team and keep an eye out for icebergs, whales, and albatross following in the G Expedition's wake.
Meals included:
Breakfast | Lunch | Dinner
Days 5–10
South Shetland Islands/Antarctic Peninsula
With a total of six days to explore the world's most southerly ecosystem, there's more time to encounter the unique wildlife and awe-inspiring scenery of the Antarctic. Attempt two shore landings per day (weather permitting) to encounter penguin rookeries, get a good look at the variety of seal species, and keep an eye out for the whales that feed in the peninsula's cold, fertile waters.
Meals included:
Breakfast | Lunch | Dinner
Days 11–12
Drake Passage/Ushuaia
Begin the journey north to the home port of Ushuaia. Review the highlights of the Antarctic experience with the lecturers and staff. Keep eyes peeled on the observation deck for some last-minute whale sightings.
Meals included:
Breakfast | Lunch | Dinner
Day 13
Ushuaia
Disembark the G Expedition after breakfast.
Meals included:
Breakfast
View full itinerary
Itinerary
Day 1
Ushuaia
Arrive in Ushuaia at any time. Arrival transfer included. Enjoy the sights and sounds of the world's most southerly city.
There will be a welcome desk in the lobby of the start hotel that will provide more specific information on the G Expedition and your upcoming adventure.
Private Vehicle
Ushuaia Aerodrome – Ushuaia
Included arrival transfer.
Accommodation
Albatros Hotel (
or similar
)
Hotel
Day 2
Ushuaia/Drake Passage
Enjoy a free morning in Ushuaia. Do any last minute shopping, explore the town, or visit the surrounding countryside. Embarkation on the G Expedition begins in the afternoon at the port in Ushuaia. Enjoy the evening sailing through the Beagle Channel.
Expedition travel can be full of surprises! While it is our intention of adhere to the itinerary described below, there is a certain amount of flexibility built into the itinerary and on occasion it may be necessary, or desirable to make alterations. On your first day onboard, your Expedition Leader will give you an expedition overview outlining what the specific plans are for your trip.
Free Time
Ushuaia
Morning
Explore the city, do some shopping or take an optional excursion and enjoy lunch ashore.
Embarkation of the G Expedition
In the afternoon, join your fellow passengers to take your group transfer and begin your journey on the G Expedition. Please refer to your welcome letter or the joining instructions posted in the lobby of the start hotel. Make sure you have your passport handy as you are about to embark on the adventure of a lifetime.
G Expedition
Ushuaia – Beagle Channel
Not too big, not too little, our 134-passenger polar expedition ship is just right.
G Expedition
Beagle Channel – Drake Passage
Not too big, not too little, our 134-passenger polar expedition ship is just right.
2
Hide
Show
Optional Activities - Day 2
Tierra del Fuego National Park Visit
Ushuaia
75USD
                per person
Explore this stunning coastal national park extending 630 sq km. We'll take care of the transport, the park entrance fee, and take you to scenic lookouts in the southern portion of the park. Pass Valle Rio Pipo on the way to Austral Fueguino train station, opt to take the End of the World train before visiting Lago Roca and Bahía Lapataia. Keep an eye out for a variety of birdlife and spectacular colours in the fall.
Martial Glacier Hike
Ushuaia
Hike the Martial Glacier, one of the most outstanding natural attractions not only because of the fabulous view it provides, but because it can be visited throughout the year as well. Climb to the top and enjoy the breathtaking view of the islands in the Beagle Channel.
Meals included:
Breakfast | Dinner
Days 3–4
Drake Passage/South Shetland Islands
The adventure begins with an 800km (497 mi) crossing of the passage named in honour of 16th-century English sea captain and privateer, Sir Francis Drake. The ship is at home in this part of the Southern Ocean. Take in daily lectures from the expedition team and keep an eye out for icebergs, whales, and albatross following in the G Expedition's wake.
The G Expedition is at home in this part of the Southern Ocean, known for the unimpeded never ending fetch of the winds that encircle the Antarctic.
As the Expedition crosses the passage there will be time to become acquainted with the ship and frequent the common areas that include the lounge, dining hall, library and lecture hall where we meet our guides, ship’s crew and expedition staff.
Begin lectures and information sessions to learn the extraordinary human and natural history of the Antarctic region.
G Expedition
Drake Passage – South Shetland Islands
Not too big, not too little, our 134-passenger polar expedition ship is just right.
Daily lectures and educational program
Attend lectures hosted throughout the day on everything from local wildlife to geology to history. The G Expedition has one of the highest ratios of expedition team members to guests – with one expert for every ten guests there is always someone on hand to answer questions and provide greater insight and appreciation of the world at its extremes. The expedition team is comprised of professional and highly skilled historians, marine biologists, and naturalists who offer keen insight and a unique personal perspective to each and every adventure.
Free Time
Drake Passage
Spend time out on deck keep an eye out for sea birds and whales that live in these fertile waters. Wandering, Black-browed and Light-mantled Sooty Albatross, Prion's and Cap Petrels are among some of the species of seabirds that may join the Expedition on the journey to Antarctica.
Meals included:
Breakfast | Lunch | Dinner
Days 5–10
South Shetland Islands/Antarctic Peninsula
With a total of six days to explore the world's most southerly ecosystem, there's more time to encounter the unique wildlife and awe-inspiring scenery of the Antarctic. Attempt two shore landings per day (weather permitting) to encounter penguin rookeries, get a good look at the variety of seal species, and keep an eye out for the whales that feed in the peninsula's cold, fertile waters.
Navigate southwards making stops in the South Shetland Islands then through the Bransfield Strait and to the Antarctic Peninsula.
During the voyage, learn about some of the most important and dramatic expeditions to this remote corner of the world. Take an optional polar plunge, visit an abandoned whaling station or a working scientific research station, and gain a new perspective on this part of world.
Our goal is to attempt two excursions per day while we navigate through the area but our itinerary and daily schedule will be based on the local weather and ice conditions that we encounter.
G Expedition
South Shetland Islands – Antarctic Peninsula
Not too big, not too little, our 134-passenger polar expedition ship is just right.
Zodiac Landings
Antarctica
Hop into one of the Expedition’s 14 Zodiacs and take the quick, safe trip from the ship to the shore to encounter the awe-inspiring wilderness of Antarctica. Thanks to the performance of these boats in remote conditions, quick trips to shore are easily accomplished. Get up close to towering icebergs, glaciers and amazing wildlife. Depending on weather conditions these excursions will hopefully happen daily.
Daily lectures and educational program
Attend lectures hosted throughout the day on everything from local wildlife to geology to history. The G Expedition has one of the highest ratios of expedition team members to guests – with one expert for every ten guests there is always someone on hand to answer questions and provide greater insight and appreciation of the world at its extremes. The expedition team is comprised of professional and highly skilled historians, marine biologists, and naturalists who offer keen insight and a unique personal perspective to each and every adventure.
Daily Briefings and Recaps on board the Expedition
Learn about the Expedition’s current location, daily announcements, landing site-specific information as well as recaps of the previous day at a quick daily briefing.
G Expedition
Antarctic Peninsula – Drake Passage
Not too big, not too little, our 134-passenger polar expedition ship is just right.
1
Hide
Show
Optional Activities - Days 5–10
Polar Plunge
You remembered to pack your bathing suit, right? Depending on weather conditions, opt to do the polar plunge and jump into the frigid waters of the Antarctic. Convince some of your fellow passengers to join and you’ll be left with an amazing group experience no one will ever forget!
Meals included:
Breakfast | Lunch | Dinner
Days 11–12
Drake Passage/Ushuaia
Begin the journey north to the home port of Ushuaia. Review the highlights of the Antarctic experience with the lecturers and staff. Keep eyes peeled on the observation deck for some last-minute whale sightings.
Leave Antarctica and head north across the Drake Passage. In between bird watching and whale watching and enjoying some final lectures by the expedition staff, this is a chance to relax and review the adventures of the past week before returning to Ushuaia.
Remember, the best way to experience the wildlife of the Drake Passage is to be on deck keeping a look out for Albatross, Prions and Whales!
Daily lectures and educational program
Attend lectures hosted throughout the day on everything from local wildlife to geology to history. The G Expedition has one of the highest ratios of expedition team members to guests – with one expert for every ten guests there is always someone on hand to answer questions and provide greater insight and appreciation of the world at its extremes. The expedition team is comprised of professional and highly skilled historians, marine biologists, and naturalists who offer keen insight and a unique personal perspective to each and every adventure.
G Expedition
Drake Passage – Ushuaia
Not too big, not too little, our 134-passenger polar expedition ship is just right.
Meals included:
Breakfast | Lunch | Dinner
Day 13
Ushuaia
Disembark the G Expedition after breakfast.
In the morning upon completion you will disembarkation in Ushuaia. Passengers will receive a complimentary transfer to either the airport or a central location where luggage can be stored.
For those on morning flights, a transfer will bring them directly to Ushuaia airport (USH). The rest of the passengers will be transferred to the luggage storage point and given time to explore the city. These passengers should then return to retrieve their luggage and board a second transfer to Ushuaia airport in the afternoon, depending on their flight times. Please note that the transfer times are subject to change according to flight schedules.
Departure Day
Not ready to leave? Your CEO can help with travel arrangements to extend your adventure.
Meals included:
Breakfast
What's Included
11 nts aboard the G Expedition
1 nt hotel in Ushuaia
Arrival and departure transfers
Zodiac excursions with our expert expedition team
Lectures and educational programs
Waterproof boots supplied for USA sizes 6 - 16
Expedition parka
Accommodations
Twin-share hotel (1 nt), aboard the G Expedition in quad-, triple-, twin-share cabins, or suites (all with en suite bathrooms and porthole or window, 11 nts). Please note that all cabins consist of twin-size berths and are ocean-facing. Suites have one queen-size bed.
Meals
12 breakfasts, 10 lunches, 11 dinners
Allow USD20-30 for meals not included. Drinks and tips on board not included.
Transportation
G Expedition, Zodiac, private bus, walking.
Staff & experts
One expedition team member per 10 guests.
Available extras
(Add these to your tour when you book)
Antarctica Camping 
                        
                            -
From
€309.00
Follow in the footsteps of bold explorers and experience this land’s awe-inspiring splendours first-hand. Our Antarctica camping experience includes time to enjoy the beauty of Antarctica near your campsite with ample photography options. Experience the sounds of heaving ice, the fresh scent of the sea, and the stars at night. Nothing gets you closer to the humbling forces of nature than spending a night ashore!
Antarctic Pre/Post Cruise Add-On 
                        
                            -
From
€782.00
When you travel with G Adventures, we make sure that getting from A to B is always smooth sailing. That’s why we offer a Buenos Aires hotel and flight package, which takes care of your accommodation in BA, flights to and from Ushuaia, and all your transfers to and from the airport. The only thing that you have to do? Remember to pack your thermal underwear! For more information about our BA flight and hotel packages, call us or check the Extras section when you book online.
Antarctica Kayaking
                        
                            -
From
€1119.00
Weather permitting, you will head out in kayaks on days where zodiac landings are also available. Kayaking as part of a group lead by experienced and skilled leaders allows an opportunity to experience these remote regions from another vantage point. No other activity gets you as close to the natural environment!
Tierra del Fuego National Park Visit
                        
                            -
From
€63.00
Explore this stunning coastal national park extending 630 sq km. We'll take care of the transport, the park entrance fee, and take you to scenic lookouts in the southern portion of the park. Pass Valle Rio Pipo on the way to Austral Fueguino train station, opt to take the End of the World train before visiting Lago Roca and Bahía Lapataia. Keep an eye out for a variety of birdlife and spectacular colours in the fall.
Departures
List
Months
Nov
2018
Similar Tours
Planeterra Project
Antarctica
Antarctica, 
                        
                        
                    
                        
                            Argentina
Quest for the Antarctic Circle
From
€
7499
On Feb 20, 2018
14
days
Type
Small Group
Physical Rating
XVQCSX

View Trip
Compare
Related articles
5 fascinating facts about the penguin
You know they can't fly. But do you know where they live?
Written by:
Rebecca Tucker
,
28 Nov. 2017 01:13 p.m.
Antarctic animals vs. Arctic beasts: A quick look at who lives where
Five animals you'll find at either frigid end of the planet
Written by:
Stacy Lee Kong
,
22 June 2017 01:15 p.m.
4 treks for would-be mountaineers
Not quite ready for the north face of the Eiger? These trips are for you
Written by:
Peter Watson
,
7 July 2017 05:06 p.m.
A crash course in late-night eating, drinking, and Perónist politics in Buenos Aires
The Argentinean city that never seems to sleep is home to a peculiar — and boozy — shrine to Juan and Eva Perón
Written by:
Bert Archer
,
13 June 2017 11:21 a.m.
View more related articles









Close





Antarctica Classic in Depth

| 13 days - Ushuaia to Ushuaia -
            
                
                    from

€
6299







Check availability



Save to wish list






G Adventures
Follow Us:
General
Home
Request a Brochure
Email Sign Up
Media Centre
Affiliate Program
Contact Us
About Us
Our History
Our Core Values
Careers with G
Awards
Looptail
Planeterra
Resources
FAQ
Go Adventures Travel Resources
Find an Agent
Safety Updates
Community
Watering Hole Forum
Wanderers in Residence
G Adventures Blog
Travel Agents
As an agent of change, you have the power to change the world.
Agent Login
New Agency? Register here.
Call us, we're open 24/7
+44 207 243 9878
Privacy Policy
Company Information
Developers API
Site Map
Copyright 2017
G ADVENTURES LIMITED, a company incorporated and registered in England and Wales with company number 7848780, VAT No.175 4505 02, and its registered office is 60 Bastwick Street, London, EC1V 3TN.
ABTA Member (Y6125)
Country
*
Select Country
Afghanistan
Algeria
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Barbados
Belgium
Belize
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Botswana
Brazil
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Eritrea
Estonia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kenya
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Mali
Malta
Martinique
Mexico
Monaco
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norfolk Island
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
San Marino
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Somalia
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tunisia
Turkey
Turks and Caicos Islands
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Dutch
English
French
German
Italian
Spanish


