Introducing the Jane Goodall Collection - G Adventures























Login
Register
Help
G Adventures
Call us, we're open 24/7
0848-229229
Travel Styles
Destinations
Travel Deals
Resume Booking
You have no tours in your cart




Home

Homepage

Jane Goodall Collection







Introducing
the Jane Goodall Collection
A selection of 20 wildlife-focused tours endorsed by world-renowned primatologist Dr. Jane Goodall






Watch for this symbol on select tours

The Jane Goodall Collection by G Adventures is a selection of 20 incredible, wildlife-focused tours endorsed by world-renowned primatologist Dr. Jane Goodall. These small-group adventures give travellers unique opportunities to see some of the planet’s most fascinating animals, while at the same time, respecting their freedom. From the shores of the Galápagos Islands to the banks of the Amazon, the forests of Uganda, and beyond, the Jane Goodall Collection will introduce you to the world in ways you’ve never imagined.
For the past four decades, the
Jane Goodall Institute
has worked to foster deeper understanding of great apes and to protect their natural habitats. G Adventures is proud to partner with the Institute to create awareness about, and support for, their mission to protect wildlife and empower local communities.
Together, we can make a World of Good for all creatures.
Our revised
Animal Welfare Policy
has been recognized and congratulated by Dr Goodall. Watch her special introduction here.

Discover the entire Jane Goodall Collection
Victoria Falls and Serengeti Adventure
From
CHF 2311
CHF
20 Days,

Victoria Falls to Nairobi
Inhale the fragrant perfume of Zanzibar’s spice plantations, hunt for the perfect snapshot of the ever-elusive Big Five, feel the thunder of Victoria Falls. Uncover the spectacular highlights of four African countries on this stellar 20-day adventure. Enjoy an intriguing combination of stunning wilderness and bright city lights from the comfort of our overland adventure vehicle (OAV) and camp under the big African sky for a unique perspective of this majestic land. With a unique itinerary that offers plenty of options, uncover all that this diverse region has to offer.
View this trip
Costa Rica Kayaking Adventure
From
CHF 951
CHF
9 Days,

San José to San José
Glide straight into the core of the Costa Rican experience and hit two of Costa Rica’s hot spots in a kayak. Beginners and more experienced kayakers are welcome – for the nature lover, the scenery’s the point, not the sweat! Cruise through the canals of Tortuguero in search of monkeys and sloths, and then get really wild at Lake Arenal, the centre of adventure sports like paddle-boarding. Experience lush greenery and Caribbean flavour from a whole different level when you kayak Costa Rica.
View this trip
Kenya Safari Experience
From
CHF 2719
CHF
8 Days,

Nairobi to Nairobi
An African safari is one of the ultimate experiences every traveller should have, and this eight-day adventure in Kenya is the ideal introduction. Ride on daily game drives in the shadow of Mt Kilimanjaro, introduce yourself to the Maasai way of life, and learn about rhino conservation from the National Geographic-associated Kenya Wildlife Service. With plains teeming with wildlife and dotted with acacia trees, this is the Africa of your dreams.
View this trip
Amazon Riverboat Adventure In Depth
Dec. 16, 2017
SAVE 25%
CHF 2289
CHF 1717
CHF
9 Days,

Lima to Lima
Hop aboard a riverboat and experience the Amazon in style. Led by an Amazon Reserve naturalist guide, your cruise will include daily excursions by motorized skiff designed to reveal the exotic wildlife that calls the rainforest home – with any luck you’ll spot sloths, toucans, or pink dolphins! And, with two full days for exploration in Pacaya–Samiria National Reserve, you'll have the chance to experience the jungle up close. The cuisine on board is regional and provides a unique and delicious window into local culture. Gain a rare glimpse of how life "on the river" is lived and experience the magic of the Amazon on this once-in-a-lifetime riverboat adventure.
View this trip
Tanzania Safari Experience
From
CHF 2855
CHF
7 Days,

Arusha to Arusha
Take seven days in Tanzania for an adventure you'll never forget, searching for the Big Five in incredible places like scenic Lake Manyara, the wildlife-teeming Ngorongoro Crater, and the plains of the Serengeti. Explore the area around the Olduvai Gorge, which has been occupied by humans (or their ancient ancestors) for almost two million years. Tanzania holds so much history; make some of your own in its awe-inspiring landscapes.
View this trip
Galápagos — Central, South & East Islands aboard the Monserrat
From
CHF 3359
CHF
10 Days,

Quito to Quito
There’s simply no better place to appreciate the magic of this precious little blue planet of ours than the Galápagos Islands. Join us aboard the roomy Monserrat for a mind-expanding cruising adventure through the archipelago's central, southern and eastern islands. Hike the dramatic black lava flows of volcanic Bartolomé Island, snorkel with sea lions and other aquatic beasts, go for a hike on Española or opt to laze about on her white-sand beaches instead. With a pair of naturalist guides on hand to answer your questions, you'll come home with a perspective you simply can’t put a price tag on.
View this trip
Uganda & Gorillas Overland
From
CHF 1750
CHF
9 Days,

Kampala to Kampala
Meet mountain gorillas and the other amazing wildlife on this nine-day overland adventure. Spot chimps in Kalinzu Forest and join experienced trackers while travelling deep into the Ugandan forests for a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to spot endangered mountain gorillas in their natural habitat. Our overland adventure vehicles (OAVs) are an adventurous and inexpensive way to see the highlights while wilderness camping will keep you in the thick of the action. Experience a world apart as you encounter the colourful cultures and wild landscapes of Uganda.
View this trip
Galápagos Island Hopping with Quito
From
CHF 2219
CHF
+ 20 USD (Transit Control Card)
+ 100 USD (Galapagos Park Fee)
9 Days,

Quito to Quito
We know the dilemma: You want to maximize your time exploring the Galápagos Islands, and that includes making it as easy as possible to get to and from the islands. We've got your solution. We'll take care of your flight bookings in and out of Quito – with the cheapest flight cost possible. That way you’ll be secure in knowing you've saved money, giving you plenty of time to hike, snorkel, and befriend the amazing wildlife of these cool islands.
View this trip
Galápagos Camping Adventure
From
CHF 1679
CHF
9 Days,

Quito to Quito
The Galápagos Islands aren't just all about cruising – try a camping experience on for size! This one-week trip keeps you close to the action – and trust us, there’s always plenty of action on the archipelago – while keeping costs lower than you’d expect for a sweet island adventure. Plus, there’ll be no lack of activities to keep you moving, with everything from snorkelling to a volcano hike in Sierra Negra to exploring lava tunnels. At the end of the day, you’ll camp out surrounded by the sounds of island wildlife, giving new meaning to the word "paradise."
View this trip
Highlights of Alaska
From
CHF 3279
CHF
15 Days,

Anchorage to Anchorage
A vast, rugged land of jaw-dropping beauty and abundant wildlife, Alaska remains America’s last truly unconquered frontier. Up to the challenge? This 15-day adventure will put you in touch with this massive state better than you’d imagined possible, mixing hotel stays with cabins typical of the Alaskan wilderness. Along the way, you’ll sample amazingly fresh seafood in Anchorage, hike Denali National Park, investigate glaciers, and be blown away by the awesome majesty of your surroundings. Prepare to have your horizons expanded tenfold.
View this trip
Canadian Polar Bear Experience
From
CHF 7199
CHF
6 Days,

Winnipeg to Winnipeg
View this trip
Culture & Wildlife of Uganda & Rwanda
From
CHF 2617
CHF
10 Days,

Kampala to Kigali
There’s a wealth of adventure to be had in both Uganda and Rwanda, especially now that tourists are beginning to rediscover this region. We keep this trip small and intimate in order to really create a connection with this captivating land. Of course there’ll be trekking to spot chimps and gorillas and game drives through Queen Elizabeth II National Park to see elephants and hippos, but we’ll also visit the genocide museum for a closer look at the recent history of the region. Trust us: Uganda and Rwanda will stay in your memory for a very long time.
View this trip
Explore Costa Rica
From
CHF 2139
CHF
14 Days,

San José to San José
Costa Rica may be small but it’s loaded with opportunity for adventure. This two-week itinerary is ideal for anyone looking to get off the beaten path and discover a lush and wild world. Stop in at a National Geographic-supported reforestation project, visit a sea turtle conservancy program, opt to zipline through the jungle canopy, and soak in volcanic hot springs. Getting your hands dirty (and clean again) never felt so good.
View this trip
Experience Borneo
From
CHF 1695
CHF
14 Days,

Kota Kinabalu to Kota Kinabalu
View this trip
Family Land Galápagos — Multi-Activities
From
CHF 1799
CHF
8 Days,

Quito to Quito
Looking to give your kids a crash course in exotic wildlife? What better place to visit than “Darwin’s test kitchen,” the Galápagos? On this multi-activity trip, you’ll have the chance to snorkel, hike, kayak, and swim the islands, as well as visit a giant tortoise breeding centre and the Charles Darwin Research Station. Who says learning about nature has to be boring?
View this trip
Local Living Ecuador—Amazon Jungle
From
CHF 543
CHF
7 Days,

Quito to Quito
The Amazon Rainforest is so full of life; embrace it for yourself during a week unlike any other. From Quito, you’ll travel to your new home in the jungle and meet the Quichua family who will host you in their home for the next four nights. Discover waterfalls on jungle walks and travel to an animal rescue centre by canoe. You’ll learn about medicinal plants and how to use a blowgun, experience a shaman ceremony, and visit a local school. Most importantly, you’ll befriend a people few outsiders have the honour to even meet.
View this trip
Realm of the Polar Bear
From
CHF 3339
CHF
8 Days,

Longyearbyen to Longyearbyen
From close-up encounters with icebergs and glaciers to the region’s plentiful wildlife, this is a voyage of non-stop highlights. Always on the lookout for wildlife that live in this polar wilderness, you’ll explore this landscape not only by ship but also on foot and via Zodiac. Roaming polar bears, lounging seals, grazing reindeer, and colonies of birds all co-exist in this harsh land we dare only to explore a few months of the year.
View this trip
Mozambique, Kruger & Swazi Discoverer
From
CHF 2279
CHF
13 Days,

Johannesburg to Johannesburg
Want to tell a better travel story at your next dinner party? Tell ‘em about the time you went to southeast Africa. Nature is front-and-centre on this 13-day trip across three countries – South Africa, Swaziland, and Mozambique – with plenty of time devoted to the region’s amazing national parks and spotless beaches. Wander around the Portuguese-influenced cities of Mozambique, take a traditional dhow safari boat around Bazaruto National Park, track the Big Five in Kruger National Park, and drive the legendary Panorama Route to Johannesburg. Your stories are improving already.
View this trip
Highlights of Madagascar
From
CHF 1899
CHF
14 Days,

Antananarivo to Antananarivo
Lemurs, wild landscapes, village culture, beaches – Madagascar might be an island but there’s nothing small about it. For those who like to get remote, this isolated island is packed with wildlife, landscapes and people you’ll find nowhere else. (And everybody loves lemurs!) You’ll get to embrace local life and still have time to relax at the beach. Best of all, there’s always a local CEO there to lead the way and provide a link to the unusual and extraordinary.
View this trip
Botswana & Victoria Falls Adventure
From
CHF 1461
CHF
8 Days,

Windhoek to Victoria Falls
This Classic trip showcases some of the best that Africa has to offer. Journey from Namibia, across Botswana and on to Zambia on an authentic African adventure that includes the elephants of Chobe National Park. Meet San Bushmen in the blazing Kalahari and explore the Okavango Delta by dug-out mokoro canoe. A knowledgeable CEO will ensure your accommodation will provide the most authentic travel experience possible, including an overnight in bushmen huts for an utterly unique experience. This tour is the trip of a lifetime.
View this trip










Why travel with G Adventures?


Responsible Travel & Tourism

Help make our world a little bit better,
one adventure at a time.

Learn More



Travel done differently

100% Guaranteed Departures
Lifetime Deposits™
24/7 Service

Learn More






Sign up
for emails









Submit






Request
a brochure







G Adventures
Follow Us:
General
Home
Request a Brochure
Email Sign Up
Media Centre
Affiliate Program
Contact Us
About Us
Our History
Our Core Values
Careers with G
Awards
Looptail
Planeterra
Resources
FAQ
Go Adventures Travel Resources
Find an Agent
Safety Updates
Community
Watering Hole Forum
Wanderers in Residence
G Adventures Blog
Travel Agents
As an agent of change, you have the power to change the world.
Agent Login
New Agency? Register here.
Call us, we're open 24/7
0848-229229
Privacy Policy
Company Information
Developers API
Site Map
Copyright 2017
G ADVENTURES LIMITED, a company incorporated and registered in England and Wales with company number 7848780, VAT No.175 4505 02, and its registered office is 60 Bastwick Street, London, EC1V 3TN.
ABTA Member (Y6125)
Country
*
Select Country
Afghanistan
Algeria
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Barbados
Belgium
Belize
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Botswana
Brazil
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Eritrea
Estonia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kenya
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Mali
Malta
Martinique
Mexico
Monaco
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norfolk Island
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
San Marino
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Somalia
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tunisia
Turkey
Turks and Caicos Islands
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Dutch
English
French
German
Italian
Spanish


